Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Fiscal 2021 was a year like no other. In the face of unprecedented challenges, we delivered outstanding results. Moreover, we believe the business is at an inflection point, and we are delivering against our strategic and executional plans. 
We are emerging from the pandemic, along with recent strategic actions, a much stronger company. From the outset of the pandemic, we prioritized the well-being of our employees, funded relief activities for our communities and produced a record amount of products for consumers and their pets. 
Our people are resilient and moved with speed and agility to adapt our business, all while executing our consumer-centric growth strategy and making progress towards our 4 execution priorities. These are: driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio and unleashing our organization to win. These priorities are essential to position our company for sustainable long-term growth. 
I'll first share some examples of the progress we are making toward our priorities, before turning to a few highlights from the fourth quarter and our fiscal year 2022 outlook. Our first execution priority is driving commercial excellence. Throughout the past year, significant changes in our industry demanded a rethink of CPG commercial models. We adapted our approach to deliver what customers and consumers need and want more efficiently. 
These changes included standing up a new sales model with 2 distinct teams, one focused on pets and the other on our consumer foods and coffee businesses. The benefits from improved in-store execution and leveraging insights, combined with additional advertising and improved reach through new digital media models, have been a driving factor for our market share gains.  
Our new commercial delivery model also includes an increased focus on e-commerce, which, for the full year, accounted for 12% of our U.S. Retail net sales. These investments in our commercial capabilities provide a competitive advantage as we partner with retailers. They also enable seamless and highly targeted consumer experiences, from awareness to purchase, and strong repeat purchasing.  
Consumers remained loyal to our brands as we maintained the 1 million net new households gained in the prior year, while dollars per buyer increased 10%. Over the past year, we increased our marketing investment by nearly $40 million or 8%. Most importantly, we've significantly improved our market share performance, where, today, 55% of the brands in our portfolio are growing market share versus 26% 18 months ago. This is the sixth quarter of sequential share performance improvement for our portfolio.  
We also made significant progress on our second priority, to increase focus on profitability and cost discipline. We restructured our corporate support functions, leading to a more lean and agile organization, while continuing to optimize our supply chain and maximize network production efficiencies. Full implementation of these initiatives will deliver $50 million of incremental cost savings in each of the next 3 fiscal years.  
One example where we are driving efficiency in our supply chain is with our high-growth Dunkin' Coffee. The pandemic-driven surge in demand required us to increase agility and decrease production downtime and changeover. This led to operational efficiencies and incremental capacity for our coffee production, which supported 21% sales growth for the brand this year.  
Our third execution priority, to reshape our portfolio, supports our strategy of leading in the best categories. We made excellent progress reshaping our portfolio this year, having completed our exit of the U.S. baking category with the sale of the oils and shortening business, following prior divestitures of the U.S. baking mix and condensed milk businesses.  
In the pet business, we divested the specialty channel exclusive, Natural Balance brand. These decisions show our commitment to divesting brands and businesses that are no longer consistent with our long-term strategic focus. In turn, this allows us to optimize assortment to maximize productivity, reduce complexity and shift resources to our fastest-growing opportunities. 
We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase our portfolio's focus in the Pet Food, Coffee and Snacking categories. Further, acquisitions will remain a part of our strategic growth, and we will be prudent when considering them, ensuring we focus on appropriate multiples paid and financial returns in their evaluation.  
Our fourth execution priority, unleashing our organization to win, powers the first 3 priorities. The strength of the Smucker culture has always been a unique differentiator in achieving growth and is a critical component of our future. 
With the impact of my new leadership team, and through the additional organization changes implemented this past year, we are more lean, agile and focused on delivering with excellence and winning in the marketplace. We're also increasing our focus on becoming a more inclusive and diverse company at every level of the organization.  
These 4 priorities are critical to ensuring we maintain our momentum and were critical to our record fiscal 2021 results, with full year net sales increasing 3%. Net sales grew 5% when excluding the prior year sales for divested businesses and foreign currency exchange. Fiscal '21 adjusted earnings per share was $9.12, an increase of 4%, exceeding our most recent guidance range of $8.70 to $8.90. Free cash flow was $1.26 billion, above our most recent expectations of $1.1 billion.  
Our strong financial performance accelerated elements of our capital deployment strategy to support increased shareholder value. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We increased our dividend for the 19th consecutive year and, through share repurchases, reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 5% on a full year basis. And we repaid over $860 million of debt during the fiscal year, strengthening our balance sheet to provide flexibility for a balanced approach to reinvesting in the business and returning cash to shareholders.  
Turning to the fourth quarter. We delivered results ahead of our expectations, while accelerating investments for future growth. Net sales declined 8% versus the prior year. Excluding the noncomparable net sales from divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales decreased 3% due to lapping the initial stock-up surge related to the COVID-19 pandemic. As we are lapping the COVID-19-related demand in the prior year, we believe evaluating results over the prior 2-year period is more meaningful. 
Adjusting for divestitures, net sales grew at a 2-year CAGR of 4%, demonstrating growth across all 3 of our U.S. Retail segments. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share declined 26%, primarily driven by the decreased sales, $40 million of incremental marketing investments and higher costs, partially offset by higher pricing.  
Turning to our segment results. In Pet Food, we anticipated sales to be down due to lapping stock-up purchasing in the prior year. Net sales, excluding sales for the divested Natural Balance business, decreased 6% and demonstrated growth on a 2-year basis. While pet food consumption was not materially impacted by at-home versus away-from-home eating trends, as in other categories, the pandemic did impact how consumers shop for their pets, such as accelerated growth in e-commerce channels. 
Also, the total U.S. pet population grew by an estimated high single-digit percentage this past year, with new pet parents showing a willingness to spend more for their pets compared to historical trends. We expect top line growth on a comparable basis for the pet business in fiscal '22, supported by higher pricing, category growth, continued marketing support and innovation for our leading treats portfolio and premium food offerings.  
Turning to our Coffee business. Net sales were comparable to the prior year despite lapping the COVID-19 stock-up purchasing and demonstrated growth on a 2-year basis. Consumer adoption of K-Cups continues to grow, with 3 million incremental households purchasing a Keurig machine last year. In the last 52 weeks, retail sales of our brands grew 17%. This was over twice the category rate, and we gained over 1 point of share. 
Our share gains further accelerated in more recent periods as all our brands continue to grow, including Folgers. Café Bustelo and Dunkin' are the 2 fastest-growing brands in the coffee category. Over the last 52 weeks, Café Bustelo retail sales grew 21% and Dunkin' grew 16%. The Dunkin' brand, representing $1 billion in all channel retail sales dollars, was a top share gainer in the coffee category, growing nearly triple the total at-home coffee category rate in measured channels over the last 52 weeks.  
The Folgers brand gained 3 million new households at the height of the pandemic and has the highest repeat rate of any brand for new households gained during the pandemic. We will continue to build up this momentum with initiatives to reinvigorate the iconic brand rolling out in the second half of fiscal year '22. As new coffee habits formed during the pandemic, we anticipate retaining a substantial portion of these new consumers for the long term.  
In our Consumer Foods business, net sales decreased due to the Crisco divestiture and increased 1% on a comparable basis and reflected strong growth on a 2-year basis. Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches continued to deliver exceptional growth, with net sales and household penetration each increasing 16% in the quarter. For our combined U.S. Retail and Away From Home segments, the Uncrustables brand delivered nearly $130 million of net sales this quarter, recording its 28th consecutive quarter of growth. 
The brand delivered over $400 million of net sales this year and is on track to exceed our $500 million target in fiscal year 2023. Across our Retail businesses, we delivered strong financial results this year, while significantly increasing investments in our brands, strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders, all of which are key building blocks for supporting long-term growth and increasing shareholder value.  
I'll briefly touch on the current supply chain and cost environments. Our operations have run efficiently, and we have had no material disruptions to date. We continue to monitor global supply chain challenges, specifically as it relates to the availability of transportation, labor and certain materials. 
Broad-based inflation is impacting many of the commodities, packaging materials and transportation channels that are important to our business. We are mitigating the impact through a combination of higher pricing inclusive of list price increases, reduced trade and net revenue optimization strategies as well as continued cost management. We have recently implemented net price increases across all business segments, with most becoming effective during the month of July. 
Let me now provide additional details on our outlook for fiscal 2022. As the U.S. emerges from the pandemic, we believe elevated at-home consumption for our brands will continue into fiscal 2022. Our confidence is supported by the increased pet population; elevated work from home, benefiting breakfast and lunch occasions; and consumers' investments in at-home brewing equipment. 
Lapping sales from divested businesses will have a material impact on year-over-year net sales growth in fiscal 2022. When excluding the noncomparable net sales, we anticipate top line growth supported by higher net pricing, the continued momentum of our brands and a significant recovery in our Away From Home business. Year-over-year earnings per share is expected to decline.  
The growth in comparable sales and benefits from cost savings programs are anticipated to be more than offset by the impact of higher costs and the timing of pricing actions as well as the loss of earnings from divestitures. On a 2-year basis, we expect growth for both comparable net sales as well as adjusted EPS as we continue to demonstrate underlying growth for the business.  
Finally, as we emerge from the pandemic with a heightened focus on health and wellness, we remain dedicated to having a positive impact on our employees, our communities and our planet. This includes supporting the quality of life for people and pets, strengthening the communities we serve, both locally and globally, and ensuring a positive impact on our planet with a focus on sustainable and ethical sourcing. We look forward to sharing more details, including the achievement of our 2020 environmental targets and information regarding our new ESG goals when we release our corporate impact report this summer.  
In summary, I would like to reinforce 3 key points. First, we continue to deliver strong financial results, and our actions to deliver our priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics, including market share, that position us well for the future. Second, we are reshaping our portfolio to increase our focus on faster growth opportunities within Pet Food, Coffee and Snacking. And finally, we are sharpening our focus on cost management and becoming a more efficient and agile organization.  
We are exiting this pandemic a stronger company, and our actions taken over the previous year support consistent delivery of long-term growth and shareholder value. This will be achieved by leveraging our strong portfolio of brands and world-class commercial capabilities, all of which are powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees, who I would like to thank again for their outstanding contributions.  
I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.

I think Tucker answered that very well.

Chris, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. I have been incredibly proud of this team and how they've been managing through the supply challenges of the past 16 months or so. I think we have fared very well in the scheme of things. And just in terms of our supply meeting demand, it has not been easy. 
But again, I think we have continued to perform reasonably well. It will take us the better part of the front half of the year for our inventory to get back to what we would consider sort of normal levels. But again, just managing the supply-demand dynamics on a daily, if not hourly basis, has really allowed us to perform.

Yes. You're right, Ken. It is the total Uncrustables business, those numbers, and it's approximately a 70-30 split between Retail and Away From Home. We continue to bring new capacity online to make sure that we're meeting demand. So that's why we continue to have a lot of optimism around that brand.

Rob, it's Mark. The trade environment, as we see it, is generally returning to normal. I would remind you guys that trade is one of the levers we use for pricing. And depending on our underlying costs and where our trade levels are, we could use that lever in our pricing actions. 
But you will see net pricing across almost all of our categories come through, likely in the second quarter, as a lot of our pricing actions will be taking effect in July. But for the most part, our -- the trade environment is not dissimilar from what it has been historically.

Laurent, it's Mark. So first of all, as it relates to taking on 2 sales forces, which has been a great decision, if I do say so myself, because it really provides focus. And it allows our teams and businesses to really focus on the unique dynamics of the pet category and the pet consumer, which is we refer to as a pet parent, and the way they shop the category. 
So I won't go into specifics on specific wins, but we're already seeing a higher degree of focus, a stronger degree of strategic engagement with our customers because, as you know, they think about pet as a separate category as well. And so our engagement with our retail customers is really critical, and we're already starting to see the benefit of that.  
Our pet strategy, you will recall, is focused, first and foremost, on pet snacks, the premiumization of Milk-Bone, the launch of other new products in snacks under the Meow Mix and Nutrish brands, so continuing to push out our leadership position in snacks. We have a #2 position in cats, and we will continue. We've had good performance over the course of the year in Meow Mix. And we will continue to support the brands in cats through traditional means as well as innovation. 
And then in our dog portfolio, we continue to focus on the stabilization of the Nutrish brand, which is going reasonably well, expecting some modest growth over time on that brand. But Nutrish, for us, is really a total master brand strategy. So it is not just dog food, it is snacks as well as cat and wet dog as well. And so making -- in which -- in those cases, those segments, we would expect to grow faster than our dry dog food on Nutrish. So snacks first, then cat and then stabilization of our dog food portfolio is really where we're going to be focused going forward.

Yes, Jason. The first thing I would say is we spent a tremendous amount of effort this past year, making sure that we come out of this pandemic a stronger company. And so that really means that focusing on the actions that we are taking, and whether that's ensuring that we can retain as many of the new consumers as we gained, ensuring that we can continue to invest in marketing and in those areas where we're going to see the most growth, and ensuring that we can engage with the new consumers. And the proof points, thus far, have been that we have continued to see solid share gains as well as repeat purchase. 
The external factors and tailwinds that are going to continue to help us is our expectation, and what you're seeing across industries, is that folks are not going back to work in the way they once did. So there is going to be some hybrid approach. Our own company is no exception on how often folks are physically in an office versus at home. And there are -- people are going to be spending more time at home, which means they're going to be treating their pets more. 
And in particular, because -- wherein our coffee and consumer categories are focused primarily on breakfast and lunch, those 2 eating occasions are going to continue to take place at home at a more elevated pace. So we think those tailwinds are going to continue to help. More pet households and just more people brewing coffee at home are just a couple of examples of how we should continue to benefit from some of those external tailwinds.

Yes. Alexia, as you know, coffee is a pass-through category. And so we will pass through costs to customers and consumers, either up or down. And so we -- that has always been the case as long as we've been in the Coffee business. Of course, we have a very robust hedging strategy. We are constantly using whatever instruments are at our disposal to ensure that the delivered cost is consistent with how we plan the business.  
And then, I guess, the only other comment I would make about coffee is we have been very successful in our strategy to ensure that our portfolio tracks with the category. In other words, the growth in -- of Dunkin' and Bustelo has been phenomenal, and that was -- that's been intentional because we know that there's been continued premiumization. 
And then, of course, the shift to single-serve or K-Cups. Our brands outperformed the category in this last quarter. And so we feel very good about where the total portfolio is positioned. And then some of the reinvigorating efforts that are coming on Folgers in the back half of the year should continue to help our total Coffee business.

Thanks for the question, Alexia. It starts with finding the right brands at the right price, and we obviously want to be prudent in terms of the multiples that we're paying for, for any acquisition. Our lines, if you will, continue to be in the water, and we do continue to look at assets as they come available. We've clearly done -- been very proactive in terms of reshaping our portfolio, most recently with these 2 divestitures. 
We will continue to be committed to the 3 categories that we are in. And to the extent that we can continue to take leading positions in those 3 categories, we will do so. And as it relates to other categories, I think we wouldn't comment if -- on potentially new categories other than to say, if there are categories that are growing and have attractive assets, we will consider them.

Great. Yes, Pamela, I would just add that pricing is something that we're always managing. It's part and parcel to our business. We have seen inflationary pressures throughout the last year, really starting as far back as April of 2020. And so it's a critical component of our business. We feel that managing through the inflation and the pricing is manageable. 
And in order to do that, we've got to continue to partner with our retail customers, making sure that those -- the cost recovery is justifiable. And then, at the end of the day, it's a win-win for them as well. So very comfortable with the actions that we need to take and obviously built in some reasonable assumptions into our plans for the year-end guidance.

Yes. It's Mark, again, Pamela. 12% was the number, I think, in the script, the scripted comments, in terms of how much of our business is on e-commerce. It definitely skews towards pet; and then coffee, it would be a second. Not a close second, but a second. 
And again, thinking of e-commerce as both pure play as well as the click-and-collect model, we continue to focus on the profitability of that business through price pack architecture and things like that. But do not expect that consumers will return to brick-and-mortar purchases, for those who have already made the migration to e-commerce. We believe that, that migration is here to stay.

Thank you. Thank you to all of you for taking the time today. We're incredibly proud of our performance for the fourth quarter and the year and continue to have optimism moving forward, obviously focusing strongly on ensuring that we have emerged from this pandemic a stronger company, with some very keen priorities and capabilities, and just appreciate the support. And really, thank you to our employees for their delivery in this record year. Have a great weekend.