Thank you, Aaron.
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I want to begin with the progress we have made over the past fiscal year before moving to our fourth quarter results.
Fiscal 2019 was another successful year for the company as we executed against our 3 growth imperatives, leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love, and being everywhere, and continue to undergo significant transformation aimed at better aligning our portfolio and products towards consumer trends and preferences, while positioning our company for a sustainable long-term growth. This was done in several ways over the past year.
First, we continued to reshape our portfolio, including the successful acquisition and integration of Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, which achieved year-over-year sales growth of 20%, and the divestiture of our U.S. baking business, allowing us to increase our focus and resources on higher growth categories.
Second, our strengthened approach to innovation delivered $420 million of net sales from products launched in the last 3 years, including contributions from 1850 Coffee and Jif Power-Ups, as both platforms ranked in the top quartile of all food product launches this past year.
Third, we improved our organization's operating model by consolidating our geographic footprint, unlocking cost savings and significant capability enhancement as our teams are now more agile.
Fourth, we implemented our Power of One marketing model, which aims to improve the quality of our consumer engagement and increase productivity, while yielding cost reductions that will fund new investments and future growth.
Fifth, we achieved our cost management goals, including the first full year of our RIGHT SPEND program, which delivered $30 million of savings.
And finally, we continued to take intentional steps in developing our people and culture and are committed to fostering a unique environment where our employees can thrive and grow.
It is through this execution against our strategy that we have laid the foundation for our long-term success. The desired results began coming to fruition in fiscal 2019, particularly through increased momentum in the back half of the year as our financial results included net sales growth of 7% to over $7.8 billion; adjusted EPS of $8.29, well exceeding our guidance range of $8 to $8.20; and free cash flow of $781 million, also above our most recent expectations of $700 million to $750 million. We increased our dividend by 8% and repaid over $800 million of debt during the fiscal year while reinvesting in the business.
Turning to our fourth quarter results. We continue to position our business for growth and execute on key priorities during the quarter and are pleased that we are beginning to see results from the initiatives and the investments we have made over the past few years. Net sales increased 7% compared to the prior year driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth. Excluding the acquisition, divestiture of the U.S. baking business and foreign exchange, net sales were in line with the prior year. Our growth brands grew 16% in the quarter led by Nutrish, Dunkin' and Café Bustelo. Our leading and core brand sales declined slightly primarily due to planned lower pricing for the Folgers brand corresponding with coffee commodity prices.
Adjusted gross profit increased 7%, which provided fuel to reinvest in our brands through increased marketing. Total marketing spend was up $35 million compared to the fourth quarter of last year, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and approximately $15 million of incremental support behind our coffee and snacking innovation.
Adjusted earnings per share outperformed our expectations, growing 8% driven by a lower tax rate. In addition, our earnings performance reflects contribution from the Ainsworth acquisition, achievement of acquisition synergies and cost reduction goals, including expense management through our RIGHT SPEND program, while continuing our commitment to increase investments in our brands.
We continue to execute and build momentum with our 3 consumer-centric growth imperatives that I mentioned earlier of leading in the best categories, building brands consumer love and being everywhere. I'll share a few examples of how we are winning with this framework, beginning with leading in the best categories.
In Coffee, we are the category leader and have continued to grow our top line despite operating in a deflationary environment. We grew net sales in the segment by 4% in the quarter, making this the sixth out of the 7 last quarters with net sales growth. These results have been achieved through a balance of growth in our K-Cup portfolio, which is growing more than 2.5x the category average; expansion of our market share across all segments; and innovation. Dunkin' and Café Bustelo were up double digits in the fourth quarter, achieving increased household penetration with continued opportunities for further expansion. Further growth in our coffee business is expected in fiscal 2020 driven by the continued success of Dunkin' and Café Bustelo and upcoming launches of innovation with Dunkin' Signature Series, 1850 single origins and Folgers Noir, all of which meet current consumer preferences and bring the coffee shop quality and experience into the home.
Another key focus area where we continue to perform is in snacking. Our total snacking portfolio generated net sales growth of 12% during the quarter driven by innovation from the Jif Power-Ups platform, reaffirming that the Jif brand equity is resonating with consumers beyond core peanut butter. We continue to gain distribution on the initial Power-Ups items and have expanded the platform with soft-baked bars, stacked bars and a new flavor of Creamy Clusters that are all hitting store shelves this month. We will continue to support the platform with incremental marketing. And with broad distribution in place, we're excited about the upcoming back-to-school season.
Uncrustables sales grew 5% at the total company level as sales were limited by temporary manufacturing constraints. We remain confident in returning to double-digit growth rates later in fiscal 2020 as we open our new production facility in Longmont, Colorado. We expect to be producing sandwiches late this calendar year, which will put us in a solid position to achieve our goal of $500 million in annual sales within the next 4 years.
Within Pet Foods, sales growth reflected strong contributions from the Ainsworth acquisition, notably the Nutrish brand, and momentum for the Nutrish and Nature's Recipe brands continued in the quarter with year-over-year sales growth of 20% and 9%, respectively, despite increased competitive noise for premium offerings within the mass channel. With line of sight to expand the distribution and innovation for the Nutrish brand, we remain confident in continued growth across all segments of dog, cat and treats.
Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. In October, we began implementing our new Power of One marketing model to better connect with consumers by aligning creative, data, media and technology resources, and we engaged a new agency partner to help develop bolder, breakthrough creative and strengthen our brand's positioning in today's culture. This new model will also result in significant cost savings that will be reinvested in brand building. We are excited about the brand refresh work under way and can't wait to share new creative launching later this summer and early fall across our company's largest brands.
We remain committed to investing in marketing and innovation support as we begin the new fiscal year. This commitment to support our brands and new launches, coupled with a more agile go-to-market approach, is critical to accomplishing our financial goals, including anticipated high single-digit net sales growth over the next 5 years for the approximately $2 billion of sales associated with our growth brands.
The third growth imperative is to be everywhere. How, where and when consumers shop and interact with our brands is more on demand and multichannel than ever before. Within our Away From Home business, our focus has always been on offering branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. We are excited about the launch of 1850 Coffee into the Away From Home channel and in Canada this year, which will provide additional growth opportunities for the brand and extend the reach of this newer platform.
Within the e-commerce channel, we are advantaged as our largest categories of pet food and coffee are among the fastest-growing online categories and are well suited for the subscription model. In fiscal 2019, our total e-commerce sales were up over 50%. The e-commerce channel now accounts for nearly 4% of total U.S. Retail sales with expectations to reach 5% next year.
The be everywhere imperative also applies to white space opportunities at traditional retail. Initial shipments of our pet treats innovation are under way primarily for the iconic Milk-Bone brand and a new, fast-growing treat segment. We continue to gain distribution across our portfolio through innovation and expansion into new channels.
Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. We continued reshaping our total portfolio for growth during the past year with the acquisition of Ainsworth and divestiture of U.S. baking business; we are focused in excellent categories with pet food, coffee and snacking; we have a strong portfolio of iconic brands that continue to win with consumers evidenced by full year growth for Smuckers, Jif, Dunkin', Milk-Bone, Meow Mix and Nutrish; we have a comprehensive strategy for innovation and will drive growth via platforms like Jif Power-Ups, 1850 Coffee as well as a full pipeline of launches this year, including Milk-Bone Long-lasting Chews, Dunkin' Signature Series and Folgers Noir coffee and Smucker's Mosaic Fruit Spreads and BEEKEEPER'S PROMISE honey. We have made significant progress on our consumer-focused framework and 3 growth imperatives designed to deliver on our long-term financial growth priorities.
We are confident that executing our strategy positions us to achieve our financial goals for fiscal 2020 and beyond, including top and bottom line growth, while maintaining increased investments behind innovation in our brands. Specifically, guidance for fiscal 2020 includes net sales growth of 1% to 2%, which factors in organic growth of more than 2%; adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.45 to $8.65; and free cash flow of $875 million to $925 million, an increase of more than 10%. 
Finally, as always, I want to thank our employees for their effort this past year and their continued dedication as we move ahead. We recognize there's still more work to do as part of our company's transformation, and we will continue to adapt to industry changes and consumer preferences.
I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

Ken, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. So let me just back up a little bit. And just to frame in the pet category, I would just point to the fact that this combination of Ainsworth and our existing pet business is an incredibly powerful one just in the sense of really being able to meet consumer needs across the entire portfolio. And that is also an opportunity for us to meet customer needs. So given that we have such a broad portfolio and the pet category itself is such a broad and both wide and deep category, we just feel incredibly optimistic about our ability to continue to win in pet. I would say also that there is going to be noise. There -- clearly, there's competition. But because of the breadth of the category, there is plenty of room for all of these brands to play. And even as you look at across some of the competitive activity that we've all been focused on this last quarter, as we've seen some of that new product come into the market, we have fared much better than rest of market in terms of maintaining our shelf presence. And so just overall, we just continue to feel very, very confident. Obviously, Ainsworth continues to grow at high -- around 20% with Nutrish, so we had double-digit growth there. And then if you look at the last 2 quarters, as you back out the noise and the acquisitions of both the -- some of the planned exit, the pet business grew in aggregate for the year and the fourth quarter. So we don't really see any reason to be pessimistic about the business. We think it's got an incredible amount of potential.

Yes, Chris. It's Mark Smucker. So yes. And as you know, we have already stepped up marketing. And so we have talked really in terms of the percent of net sales. We've talked about a range of 6% to 8%. We ended the year around 7%, and we are targeting 6.5% to 7% next year. So essentially, I would think about it as we are maintaining that step-up in marketing, which is obviously significantly more than where we had been a few years ago.
I think the other key point to remember is just, again, going back to these 3 growth imperatives. We really feel like they're working considering that we've seen -- again, backing out the noise on a sort of an apples-to-apples basis, we saw growth in all 3 of our U.S. Retail businesses in the quarter. All 3 of the U.S. Retail businesses grew for the full year, and so that is obviously giving us some confidence. And so if you think about just the totality of our portfolio and the fact that, again, we play in very broadly in these categories. That -- and that we understand the categories and how these brands fit together and how we can leverage the combination of those brands. That really cohesive whole gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to continue that growth. It gives us confidence that our strategy is right, that really investing in marketing and ensuring that we have the absolute best creative out there, which you guys will start to see in the next 3 to 4 months, and then again filling the white space in terms of being everywhere, we just feel that there's enough opportunity out there for us to continue to compete and win. So I think that's really what gives us the confidence going forward.

Thanks, Rob. It's Mark Smucker. I'm just going to start and then Mark Belgya is going to speak to a little bit about the Pet question. But just specifically on coffee, coffee prices, you said, have been coming down. I would change that to say coffee prices have been down, and they have been at 30-year lows for 12 months. So because there's been a relative amount of stability in coffee pricing at a relatively low levels, we view that the go-forward on coffee is basically the same. It's status quo. And even of late, you've seen some coffee pricing increase, at least in the commodity, but that has really been some volatility in terms of what we've seen as some short covering, and just the U.S. weather has actually impacted some of those prices. So we're in a period of time between harvest on coffee, so I wouldn't read too much into the markets. I think the key message is coffee pricing has been consistently low, and so we expect more or less a status quo going forward.

Yes, Jason, it's Mark again. I do bring it back to just the strategy and the combination of the brands in the portfolio just putting us in a strong position to continue to be partners with our customers, obviously bring insights to the category and ultimately drive aggregate growth for our business and support the category. Now I mentioned earlier that we fared very well in some of the recent reset in terms of maintaining shelf presence. And so that just obviously is another little feather in our cap that we point to, to give us confidence that our total aggregate strategy is working.

Rob, it's Mark Smucker. I think, quite frankly, the promotional activity has been very normal. I mean, I think, it's been very -- pretty typical. The way that we've been interacting with our customers, whether that be in all of the channels has been relatively positive. We have very strong relationships with our customers. Obviously, as I mentioned in the last question, we bring a lot of know-how and insights to the categories, and we just have not seen anything out of the ordinary. Again, I would say that the environment is pretty typical as it has been over the past few quarters.

No. Pamela, this is Mark Smucker again. I think, as we said, we -- again, the category is very broad. It is a huge category. It's growing significantly. And given where all of our brands play, we feel pretty confident about everybody. There's room for us, there's room for them. We continue to compete in sort of different pricing tiers. And again, I think just the breadth of our brands and the strength of our position in the category is going to allow us to continue to compete effectively. There will always be noise, but I quite frankly think we obviously remain confident in our strategy and our ability to continue to grow our Pet business.

Yes, Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add again, as category leaders, we have a responsibility to continue to manage our portfolio in totality. And that includes as we have conversations with our retail customers, we proactively will prune our own portfolio. I mean that's part of being a responsible partner with our customers. So just in a leadership position, we've got to do that. We will -- we always are looking at our portfolio and how we can best maximize category growth, category profitability, both for our customers and for us, and then to just maximize our own growth. So we are focused on it, and we continue to manage it proactively throughout the year.

Thank you all for joining us today. This is Mark Smucker. Just to reinforce, obviously, our growth imperatives are really where we're focused, being in great categories that are growing. They are up 25% over the last several years in aggregate. So clearly, we feel that we're in the right categories and the breadth of where we play is very strong. And then, again, focusing on building our brands, leveraging our new agency relationship and the agile capabilities we've built. And finally, making sure that our brands are present everywhere that the consumer wants them. So we feel very encouraged by the last couple quarters. We are seeing growth across all of our key businesses and we -- this is a strategy that we are committed to and that we have confidence will continue to build sustainable long-term growth and so that's where we will continue to focus over the next couple years.
So thank you for your support. Thank you for listening in. Thank you to our incredibly dedicated employees that have really made all of this possible and have a good day and weekend. Thank you.