Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was great to see many of you last week at CAGNY, and we appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on our strategy and preliminary thoughts on fiscal 2020 financial guidance.
Our outlook across the businesses reinforces why we remain excited about the long-term prospects for delivering on our 3 key financial priorities of top line growth, prudent cost management and delivering earnings per share growth. Our efforts to position our business for growth and execute on our priorities continued to pay off this quarter.
We achieved year-over-year sales and gross margin growth ahead of our projections, and adjusted earnings per share came in better than our expectations through favorable SD&A.
Overall, we are very pleased with the third quarter results and the momentum we are starting to build to advance our consumer-centric strategy.
We delivered strong sales performance for our growth brands, which increased 17% in the quarter.
We also achieved strong growth for some of our leading brands, our core brands, demonstrating our ability to increase sales for both core and growth brands.
Multiple brands in our pet business achieved double-digit sales growth, including Rachael Ray Nutrish, Meow Mix, Kibbles 'n Bits and Nature's Recipe.
Further, Smucker's Uncrustables and Sahale Snacks also realized double-digit sales growth, while Dunkin' coffee achieved 9% sales growth, including strong performance across premium bag and the recently launched canister offerings.
Notably, Folgers within the U.S. Retail Coffee segment was flat in the quarter.
Collectively, the gains were partially offset by weakness for Folgers in the International Away From Home business, Natural Balance and declines related to the planned exit of certain private-label pet food and Gravy Train wet dog food products.
Excluding the Ainsworth acquisition and prior year net sales attributed to the divested baking business, organic net sales increased 1% compared to the prior year.
Our adjusted earnings per share performance reflects net sales growth, gross margin improvement, achievement of acquisition synergies and the benefit of consolidating certain geographic locations.
Additionally, marketing spend was below our initial expectations because certain expenses shifted to the fourth quarter as delayed retailer shelf resets slowed some innovation launches and related support.
But despite this shift, marketing spend was up over $30 million compared to the prior year, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and innovation support for the base businesses.
With growth in a number of areas contributing to our third quarter results, we continue to make progress on our 3 consumer-centric growth imperatives of leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere.
I'll share a few examples of how we are executing against this framework, beginning with leading in the best categories.
U.S. Retail Coffee segment sales growth was driven by the premium Dunkin' and 1850 brands.
Our total K-Cup sales continue to outpace the category with net sales up 4% in the third quarter.
The 1850 brand -- the 1850 brand coffee continues to perform with repeat rates exceeding our initial projections and a 75% ACV. We are increasing emphasis on consumer trial through continued brand support.
Last week, we announced 2 new single-origin varieties to complement the current 1850 lineup, and we remain confident in continued growth for the platform, which leverages the heritage and authenticity of the Folgers brand to attract new consumers.
We are also strengthening the folder -- the Folgers brand with the upcoming launch of a new line of dark roast coffee under the Noir platform, filling a void in the canister segment for dark roast varieties.
Sales growth within our pet food segment reflected contributions from the Ainsworth acquisition. Momentum for the Nutrish and Nature's Recipe brands continued in the quarter with year-over-year sales growth of 23% and 11%, respectively, despite increased competitive activity.
Initial shipments of our pet treats innovation, primarily for the Milk-Bone and Nutrish brands, began late in the third quarter, and we remain on track to achieve 3% to 4% incremental new points of distribution for the total pet business.
Finally, in the pet segment, due to sustained input cost inflation, we successfully implemented a price increase across our pet food portfolio effective this month. 
Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love, we are following through on our commitment to increase marketing investments to support our innovation and growth brands.
As I mentioned, in the third quarter, our marketing expense increased over $30 million compared to the prior year. A higher level of marketing and innovation support, coupled with a more agile go-to-market approach, is critical to achieving an anticipated high single-digit net sales increase for growth brands over the next 5 years.
Combined, net sales for growth brands are projected to increase 18% for the full 2019 fiscal year.
We will also continue to invest in core brands to achieve our net sales growth target. As we highlighted at the CAGNY conference last week, with updated marketing behind the mature Meow Mix brand, consumption increased over 4% since the campaign launch and net sales were up 10% in the third quarter.
The third growth imperative we are focused on is to be everywhere. How, where and when consumers shop is more than ever on demand and multichannel.
We think about both traditional and new retail channels as a single ecosystem, where our brands must stay current and break through among increasing choices for consumers.
Within the e-commerce channel, we have a strategic advantage by participating in fast-growing online categories. We continue to achieve very strong e-commerce growth in both coffee and pet food as our brands continue to keep pace with or exceed their respective category's online growth.
Within our Away From Home business, our focus is on branded offerings within these channels. For example, the upcoming launch of 1850 coffee in food service channels further supports our intent to be everywhere, having our brands available wherever consumers shop, eat or grab something on the go.
Also, with the launch of Jif portion control offerings, consumers will now be able to enjoy the #1 peanut butter brand in lodging and restaurants.
Finally, with respect to being everywhere, we are increasing consumer engagement through digital platforms in addition to traditional channels. Our digital efforts have been instrumental in connecting with consumers for 1850 and Jif Power-Ups.
In closing, we have a strong brand portfolio and are committed to maintaining investments, particularly in marketing, to deliver growth and strengthen our brands' connection with consumers.
The components of our strategy are coming together as thoughtful cost management, reinvestment in the business, reorganized commercial functions, including sales and marketing, and strong execution have created momentum for growth and increasing shareholder value. None of this would be possible without our great team of dedicated employees to execute this strategy, and I would like to thank all of them for their continued efforts. I will now turn the call over to Mark.

And Ken, it's Mark Smucker. I guess I would just add, there's been a lot of focus on this brand, and of course, I think, Dave outlined very well what the turnaround plan is. But we've got, clearly, a lot of effort and work to do in the mainstream channels with Nutrish and Nature's Recipe, both of which are continuing to perform and, in aggregate, are much larger than the Natural Balance opportunity. And they fill a -- I would say, a unique spot in the premium tier where you've got some of the other competition as I highlighted, I think, at CAGNY last week. It's a very broad-priced category. So we've got -- there's plenty of room, I think, for these multiple competitors to play. And we're going to remain focused on that. And we will, as David highlighted, make sure that we're doing the right things for the Natural Balance brand. But I -- we just feel like our strategy and the channels in which our brands play today is right.

Jason, this Mark Smucker. I guess I would just add a general comment about our support of these brands is, we've -- we're pretty happy with the results this quarter, particularly in the sense that we've seen multiple examples of when we put some support behind these core brands, we -- it responds. We've seen that with Meow Mix, Kibbles 'n Bits and then now more recently, seeing some improvement on Folgers. And so just a comment that it does work. The strategy does work. And then also, as it relates to Jif, specifically, and Folgers, when you factor in 1850 and Jif Power-Ups, both of those are helping the brands. And so again, just more confirmation that we're doing the right things, and we're starting to see a little bit of momentum and see our strategy play out successfully. So I'll stop there.

Okay, Akshay. This is Mark Smucker. I guess, a couple things. First of all, our -- we've seen margin improvement this quarter. So -- and our profit is improving and we intend to manage dollar profit. As you know, we always say our goal is to grow year-over-year our profit dollars. And to the extent that we can achieve margin improvement, that obviously is a secondary goal. As it relates to just pricing in general, being able to take pricing up or down, particularly in categories that are commodity driven, is going to continue to be a very important part of our strategy. And to maintain credibility with our retail customers as well, we need to be somewhat transparent in terms of our -- when we are moving that it is cost driven. And so as it relates to peanut butter specifically, we did actually take a pricing increase about a year ago, and we saw no one follow. And as peanut cost and the competition continues to be strong, we felt that the right thing for the business is to make sure that our pricing strategy is right, that our price gaps are right. And so that's really the reason for the move, and it will cause us to be more competitive. And -- but clearly, at the end of the day, bottom line, pricing is important. Our ability to do so is important, and we've got to maintain that credibility with our customers and, obviously, pass things along to the consumer when we can.

Rob, before Mark answers your next question, I would just add that you're right. Our largest customers' quarters line up with ours. And so it is possible that we do see some impact to our sales based on how they treat their inventory, but this quarter was not that way.

David, it's Mark Smucker. Just one way to think about pet is, if you think about it, it's a very -- it's a more complex category, if you will, than some of the others that we're in and our -- like our Consumer Foods business, because we're not in baking anymore, it's not quite as complex. Coffee is coffee. And pet is just across -- there's multiple segments. And so I would say it 2 ways: one, we have to innovate in order to -- and new news is required to compete in pet, number one; and number two, pet does receive probably, in aggregate, a slightly larger, as a percent of net sales, marketing in order to support that type of activity. When you think about Wonder Bones and Gnaw Bones, I would think about those as more or less a single platform, long-lasting chews. So -- just to help put it in a little higher level and put it into some context.

Well, first of all, I wanted to thank all of you for listening in today. Obviously, we had a good quarter, and we're proud of that. Just like to remind everyone that really, it is about our strategy. We are -- obviously, as we said at CAGNY, acquisitions will continue to play a role, but given where we are in executing our strategy, our leverage position, it is imperative for us to innovate, and so our long-term strategy is to grow organic top and bottom line and, ultimately, of course, increase shareholder value. So again, thank you for your time. Thank you for listening, and thank you to our employees for delivering.