Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
Our first quarter performance reflects significant progress in realigning our portfolio to growth areas and on trend categories. 
Smucker's Uncrustables, Dunkin' Donuts, Café Bustelo, Nature's Recipe and Sahale Snacks all achieved double-digit sales growth in the quarter, and in the aggregate, accounted for 3 percentage points of top line growth. 
The Rachael Ray Nutrish brand also achieved double-digit sales growth versus the comparable period in the prior year. 
Achieving increases in nearly every key area of the portfolio where we have made investments validates that we can continue to win in today's marketplace. 
Some of our established brands underperformed in their traditional categories in the quarter. These included Folgers, Jif and Natural Balance. While some of this was timing related, our teams are hard at work executing specific plans to improve performance for these brands through the remainder of the year. 
Let me expand on these topics by using our coffee business as a proof point.
We have previously shared our strategy to better align our coffee portfolio with consumer preferences by increasing our presence in both premium and one cup coffee. 
Sales for our premium packaged coffee business grew 13% while our K-Cup portfolio increased 17%, with all our K-Cups brands up in the first quarter. 
Growth in both our premium and one cup segments continues to be led by the Dunkin' Donuts brand. Sales for the brand were up 13% in the quarter, which builds on 10% growth in the first quarter of last year. 
The current year also included contributions from our recently introduced canister format, which is generating incremental sales for both the Dunkin' Donuts brand and our overall coffee business. 
1850 premium coffee was another contributor to growth in both the premium and one cup segments. Launched in April, the brand has already hit our target ACV of 70% and is currently generating nearly $1 million in weekly retail sales and growing. 
To further build consumer awareness, our comprehensive $30 million marketing program is now underway. Although it is still early in the launch, we are excited by the initial pipeline fill and expect 1850 to be a growth platform for years to come. 
Stabilizing the Folgers roast and ground business also remains a key priority. In the near term, this includes capitalizing on greater than anticipated green coffee favorability by investing in elevated trade support. We also have key merchandising activities planned for the upcoming months. Longer-term initiatives to reinvigorate coffee rituals for this iconic brand are also in progress and we look forward to sharing more in the future. 
Let me now provide a few first quarter highlights from the rest of our businesses. I'll use our strategic roadmap and its 4 pillars, innovation, investments, cost savings and acquisitions, as a framework for my comments. 
In addition to 1850, we have a robust lineup of new products for fiscal 2019, reflecting our new platform approach to innovation. This includes Jif Power Ups, our new line of snack bars and peanut butter clusters that began shipping in May and are already off to an excellent start. 
Like 1850, we are supporting the launch of Jif Power Ups with significant retailer and consumer investment, including an integrated public relations and marketing campaign, which began this month. 
In pet, an area of emphasis has been rebuilding our pet snacks innovation pipeline, consistent with changes in consumer preferences. To that end, we have new product launches planned for the back half of the fiscal year which we anticipate will drive over $100 million of annual incremental sales in the coming years. Most notably, we are excited to be expanding the Milk-Bone and Nature's Recipe brands into key segments of the pet snacks category, including rawhide alternatives and natural meat snacks. 
Turning to the second pillar of the roadmap, which is investment. Momentum for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand remained strong. Company-wide sales were up 29% in the quarter, which builds on 13% growth in the first quarter of last year. This reflects the continued strong growth for the brand in both our retail and Away From Home businesses. 
Construction of our new sandwich facility remains on track for completion in fiscal 2020. This facility will double production capacity, coinciding with the launch of our first-ever national marketing campaign for Uncrustables. 
The third pillar of our strategic road map is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in top line growth and margin protection and expansion. 
For fiscal 2019, we implemented our new cost-containment program, RIGHT SPEND, to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization and deliver a portion of our $80 million incremental cost savings goal for the year. 
We are also on track with our previously announced plans to relocate our pet food office in San Francisco to our corporate office here in Orrville. We are pleased with the number of key employees that have chosen to remain with the company, providing continuity of knowledge on our pet business. 
The final pillar of our strategic road map is acquisitions. We have now owned Ainsworth Pet Nutrition for a quarter. The business is continuing its strong track record of growth and meeting our performance expectations. 
With distribution expansion opportunities and significant growth prospects in cat food and pet snacks, the addition of the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand is accelerating growth in our pet business. 
In addition, we are making good progress towards achieving our stated synergy goal and completing a seamless integration of people, processes and systems, consistent with our initial plans to have these activities completed by the end of the fiscal year. 
While growth through acquisitions plays a key role in our strategy, we have also demonstrated a willingness to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus and direction. 
Given our focus on growing our pet, coffee and snack food businesses, last month we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to divest our U.S. baking business. The process continues to move forward quickly, and we expect the transaction will close at the end of this month. As a result, we have updated our full year guidance to reflect the anticipated impact of the divestiture, as Mark will discuss in a moment. 
To achieve these full year expectations, we will capitalize on growth from new product launches, contributions from Ainsworth and cost reductions, while minimizing the potential impact of inflationary pressures and increased competitive activity. 
In closing, let me reiterate that we are taking and will continue to evaluate appropriate actions that support our consumer-led strategy to be a food and beverage leader focused on high-growth, on-trend categories. Whether through innovation, acquisitions, divestitures or improving capabilities and execution in key areas, these actions are indicative of the fast pace of change within our company. 
We have a strong brand portfolio in great categories and are committed to stepping up investments to deliver growth and strengthen our brands using cost savings, providing fuel for investments. 
Lastly, we have a great team of dedicated employees to execute the strategy, and I would like to thank all of them for their continued efforts. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

Andrew, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start, and I think Mark might have a comment and the team to provide you more specifics, but the first thing is, on Folgers specifically, we did plan for it to be down a little bit. It was down more than we would've liked. That said, we do think there is some timing there and some of that will come back. Likewise, I think in the prepared remarks with Jif, we do believe the Jif core business will be up on a full year basis. So I think that's why we still feel confident about that underlying business. And then just going back to the fact that our strategy is working in the sense that as we execute against whether it be the divestiture, the new launches and innovation, the generation of fuel through our cost savings initiatives, all of those things are doing exactly what they're supposed to be doing. And so I think that's why again, we do have some confidence that we can continue to particularly deliver our EPS and then shore up the base.

Yes. I'll start, and anybody else want to chime in. Thanks for the question, Chris. Clearly, just from a strategic standpoint, it clearly was, as we've reshaped our strategy and our business, clearly, that was sort of an obvious one. So I think you guys have asked the question about the baking business now for a couple of years and you're just basically seeing the fruits of our labor. I think you asked, did you not, if there are other opportunities to divest? Is that -- did you ask that?

Yes. I think we always will look at our portfolio and as our strategy might shift, we potentially could do that, but at this time, I think that we feel pretty good with where our portfolio is. The assets that we have are, some of the ones that you might be questioning are generating decent cash and so forth. So I think at this point, we feel very good that we have a relatively focused portfolio that we can really spend our time on and not really dilute our attention in other areas.

Rob, it's Mark Smucker. I'll start. So a couple of things. First of all, as you look across, we have had some success in moving on to price where we need to, most recently in pet. And so we have been able to pass along pricing and that particularly in a category that as you know, in some of those areas, we are not the leader. So the fact that we've been able to get pricing through in pet I think is an indicator, a positive one. But as you look at coffee and peanut butter specifically, which are 2 of our larger categories, coffee, we have -- it's still deflationary. I mean we're seeing some of the lowest coffee costs that -- 10 years, I mean, since we've been in the business, we've never seen coffee costs this low. And so given where our hedging position is, we will continue to enjoy those lower costs. They haven't crossed, as you may assume, another threshold that would indicate a hard lift price change. That's why you're seeing us reinvest some of the benefit in trade. And then in peanut butter, we had taken a pricing action probably about a year ago and so, again, although we are seeing some inflation in peanut, they -- our cost, our actual costs have not crossed a threshold that would trigger us to move on price. So that's sort of -- I think our business, given the commodities and underlying cost, is probably a little bit unique compared to the industry, just given which of those commodities that we're trading in and when and how we've taken price over the last year or so.

Yes. That's fair. Yes.

Well, just again, thank you for your time today for joining us. We appreciate it. We look forward to seeing many of you in Boston in a couple of weeks. And then we have our Investor Day in New York on October 9. So we look forward to all of that. And just -- I would just close by saying that we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and the fact that our strategy continues to yield results. And so again, thank you and we will see you all soon.