Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
First, I want to acknowledge that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our everyday way of life, making the operating environment dynamic and difficult to predict. I'm incredibly proud of our employees who have worked tirelessly to deliver exceptional operational and financial results, and I would like to recognize our suppliers and retail partners who have supported us during this unprecedented time.  
As we are entering the winter months and are experiencing a nationwide surge in COVID-19 cases, we remain committed to prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees, supporting the communities where we do business and providing a steady quality supply of food for consumers and their pets.  
In the second quarter, net sales increased 4% versus the prior year and was slightly ahead of our expectations. At-home consumption remains elevated as sales in our coffee, consumer and international retail businesses collectively grew 10%. Sales in the pet food and snack segment were in line with expectations as continued growth for cat food and dog snacks were offset by anticipated softness for dog food. Finally, the Away From Home business continued its sequential improvement from the fourth quarter last fiscal year when many of our customers were either closed or shut down.  
Adjusted earnings per share was $2.39, an increase of 6%, benefiting from increased sales volume, improved profit margins and reduced interest expense partially offset by increased SD&A expenses.  
Due to stronger-than-anticipated results through the first half of the fiscal year and updated assumptions for the second half of the year, we have increased our full year expectations to include net sales growth of 1% to 2% versus the prior year and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.55 to $8.85. This updated guidance does not include the impact of the pending Crisco divestiture. Tucker will provide more details regarding the inputs informing our fiscal 2021 guidance. 
This fiscal year, we have been focused on 4 specific priorities: driving consistent net sales growth; increasing our focus on financial discipline with an emphasis on maintaining or improving our strong profit margins and cash flow generation; strengthening our commercial execution and building competitive advantages through harnessing our full suite of capabilities; and living up to our commitment to our company's purpose of feeding connections that help us thrive. The execution of these priorities will help us to continue            on our long-term strategy to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere.  
At the halfway point of the year, I am encouraged by the progress we have made against these priorities. We will continue to execute against these priorities in the back half of the year while furthering our focus on the brands and categories that have the greatest growth opportunities over the long term. 
We continue to benefit from strong demand due to incremental at-home consumption related to the pandemic and achieved a third consecutive quarter of net sales growth above our expectations. Key metrics for consumers purchasing our products improved in the quarter with household penetration, repeat purchasing rate and dollars spent per buyer, all having increased versus the prior year and sequentially from the first quarter, showing that many of the new consumers gained during the initial phases of the pandemic have remained with our brands. We continue our efforts to retain these consumers and anticipate many will remain loyal consumers of our brands beyond the pandemic. 
In the second quarter, we are pleased to have increased our dollar market share in core consumer and coffee segments as well as our cat food business, highlighting the strength of our broad brand portfolio in these categories. In aggregate, we grew share for brands representing roughly half of our sales, and we grew retail dollar sales for over 80% of the portfolio. This growth has been enhanced by capabilities we have built for our e-commerce business, which continues to capture a greater portion of consumers' grocery spend. Our total e-commerce business grew 45% compared to the prior year and accounted for 11% of total U.S. retail sales. We anticipate e-commerce growth to remain sticky as consumers are increasingly adopting and maintaining online grocery shopping habits. 
Our sales performance across the company has been supported by the outstanding work our teams are doing to maintain high levels of production. While we are adequately maintaining production to meet customer demand, we are producing at or near capacity at many of our plants. We have experienced an uptick in customer orders over the last 2 weeks with the resurgence of COVID cases, and we continue to monitor potential supply chain limitations and are taking proactive measures to minimize any potential disruptions that may be caused by a shortage of materials, reliable transportation or increased demand.   
Turning to our segment results. In pet food, our cat food and market-leading dog snacks business delivered another quarter of net sales growth. Sales for cat food, led by the Meow Mix and 9Lives brands, grew 9%, representing the 13th consecutive quarter of cat food growth, and our market share improved by over 0.5 point in the quarter. The dog snacks category continues to experience growth related to increased treating occasions with pet parents spending more time at home with their dogs, translating to net sales growth of 3% for our brands, led by Pup-Peroni, Rachael Ray Nutrish and Milk-Bone. 
Our dog food sales declined, with the largest decreases attributed to private label and the Natural Balance brand. Nutrish dry dog food experienced anticipated weakness. However, we are confident that our actions will improve the trajectory of the brand. These efforts include increased marketing investments, enhanced packaging and improved assortment through SKU optimization and unique innovation launching in the fourth quarter. As a total brand, Nutrish sales were up low single digits in the quarter as increases for wet dog food, dog snacks and cat food and cat snacks offset the declines in dry dog food.  
Turning to our coffee business. We delivered net sales growth for all brands in our market-leading at-home coffee portfolio as total segment net sales increased 9%. We increased our dollar share by 0.5 point and now have over a 25-point share with 3 of the top 10 brands in the category. Growth was led by Dunkin' and Café Bustelo, with both brands achieving 20% retail sales growth.  
In the K-Cup segment, we continue to grow at over 2x the category rate and gained nearly 2 share points in the quarter. Over 1.5 million net new households consumed at least one of our coffee brands during the quarter. As new coffee habits have formed the pandemic, we have the opportunity to retain a substantial portion of these new consumers for the long term. We will support continued momentum with increased marketing investments in the back half of this fiscal year.                   
In our consumer foods segment, growth across all categories drove a 12% increase in sales. In snacking, our Smucker's Uncrustables business continued to deliver exceptional growth. Second quarter net sales increased 16%, and the brand gained nearly 1 full retail share point. We remain on track to add capacity at our Longmont facility in early calendar year 2021, and we have accelerated future capacity plans. We are confident we will be able to continue this strong growth moving forward.  
In peanut butter, the Jif brand returned to market share growth and has now gained 6 share points since mid-May due to replenished product assortment being back on shelf. Growth in the quarter occurred across both volume and dollars inclusive of a list price increase in August to reflect higher peanut costs related to reduced crop yields. With our full assortment back on shelf, upcoming distribution expansion and innovation and promotional and marketing programs returning, we anticipate further peanut butter share growth in the back half of the year.  
Underpinning the improvement in net sales and market share has been strong commercial execution and a continued commitment to financial discipline. Retailer inventories have improved, and we are resuming some investments in marketing and promotions that were delayed as consumer takeaway outpaced available production in certain categories. We plan to increase marketing investments in the second half of the year, inclusive of mass media, targeted digital consumer engagement, e-commerce and click-and-collect programs. We continue to balance return with reinvestment to support our brands and to benefit from structural changes in consumer behavior.  
I want to highlight one additional critical area of our continued execution improvement during the quarter. While growth through acquisitions has and will continue to play in a role in our strategy, we continually evaluate our portfolio and have been willing to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus. We did this with the divestiture of our U.S. canned milk and U.S. baking businesses the past few years. Furthering our plans to exit the U.S. baking category, a few weeks ago, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to divest the Crisco oils and shortening business. These divestitures underscore a commitment to further focus our resources on brands and categories with the greatest growth opportunities. As we move ahead, we will continue to evaluate all elements or the portfolio and make changes when necessary to align our portfolio for growth.  
In summary, I would like reinforce a few key points. One, our business continues to perform well, and the actions we are taking to deliver our fiscal 2021 priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics, including market share that position us well for the remainder of the year and beyond. Two, we continue to make progress against our consumer-centric growth strategy, including increased marketing investments to position us for sustained growth even with the future moderation of COVID-19-related demand. And three, I am incredibly proud and thankful to all our employees for their dedication and perseverance through this extraordinary time. 
I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.

Thanks, Ken, for the question. First of all, I guess I would just highlight, when we talk about financial discipline, we mean all of it, holistically, in terms of cash generation, what we do with the cash, our debt pay down, continuing our cost reduction, continuous improvement mindset, all of that being part of that. 
From a pricing perspective, I think we've been pretty consistent over time in terms of our ability to take price. We're always very prudent when we do so. When we work with our customers, we need to ensure that the pricing is justifiable. And in this case, and particularly in peanut butter, it was very clear that we were experiencing cost pressures and could demonstrate that to our trading partners and so forth. 
So having price discipline and making sure that we can pass along price increases and, in some cases, decreases in categories like coffee, we will continue to do so. It's fundamental to the success of our business and our ability to deliver our financial results and goals.

Yes, great question. So first of all, when -- as we have demonstrated over the last few quarters our ability to continue to improve our share numbers, it really is important to connect with our consumers at this particular time because as we have experienced a significant uptick in households and our brands have been, in some cases, rediscovered by consumers, to really engage with those consumers is critical. 
And given the fact that we are now seeing, obviously, a second or maybe, in some cases, a third wave, the industry is better prepared for this wave, in many cases, even though the supply chain may be somewhat tight, to deal with the increased demand. So it affords us the opportunity to make these investments to support our brands and do so in a very targeted way that we ensure we get the return.

Thank you.

David, thanks for the question. I would start just by reiterating that, in total, our entire coffee portfolio did grow in the quarter, which is fantastic. You're right, exact, you're dead on the numbers on Dunkin' and Bustelo. K-Cups were well over 2x pacing -- over 2x what that segment is growing. So that's also good. 
But again, this 1.5 million new households speaks to the fact that there aren't some new consumers for sure. Bustelo, obviously, has a very strong South Florida and New York Latino base but continues to grow with non-Latino millennials. That is a core consumer there. And then Dunkin' has -- the Dunkin' canister, we're now selling Dunkin' in the canister. That item has been doing extremely well also. 
And in the case of Dunkin', it's a little bit of both. It's just increased consumption because of at-home and some new consumers. But just great, very proud of the results on coffee.

Bryan, thanks for the question. First and foremost, we actually feel that from an organization standpoint, we are very capable of absorbing the additional sales growth. From a CapEx perspective, clearly, our focus is primarily on Uncrustables and increasing that. We do feel that we have been able to meet demand on the other categories and are monitoring our supply chain on a daily basis, if not 24/7, to make sure that all of the links in the chain continued to work well. That has been a focus. 
But from a consumer standpoint, if you just step back and think about the growth that we've experienced, our confidence in our ability to retain some of these new consumers has grown. And that is because we have seen continued repeat purchase rates and now have the ability to target and make sure that we're spending incremental marketing dollars to ensure that we retain some of those. So I think we feel very good about there definitely is some stickiness. It's very difficult to quantify, but we maintain our confidence that we can retain many of those consumers.

We clearly acknowledge that there have been habits that have changed, and folks have been -- have become more comfortable with brewing coffee at home. I think as routines go back to somewhat normal, you're going to see folks go through the drive-thru, and obviously, we want our partners at Dunkin' to win. But clearly, the comfort with, obviously, the growth in Keurig brewers at home also helps the trend. 
So again, difficult to quantify confidence that we will retain some stickiness, but I think we feel good where we are right now.

Yes. I think my earlier comment of the industry being better prepared for this wave relates to not just inventory, but all of the links in the supply chain, communicating better, collaborating with our trading partners to make sure that we can deliver. There has been some rebuilding of inventory, but I would also acknowledge that it's reasonably tight, and so that's why we continue to manage on a -- literally a daily basis to make sure that all those links are working well together, and it has to do with communication and just staying on top of it.

In some areas, we're building a little bit, but we're generally keeping up.

Rob, it's Mark. If I can try to answer your question around Nutrish a little more holistically. As you know, particularly recently, we've really been trying to ensure that everyone understands that the success of our pet business really rests on the 3 pillars: so cat, snacks and dog. And clearly, in those first 2, we had great performance in the quarter. And there's still a little bit of softness in dog. What's great about Nutrish right now is as we focus on the total brand, we grew it. So whether that's contributions from wet dog, from some snacks and some cat performance there, in aggregate, the brand grew, which is great. 
We knew that we were going to continue to have a little bit of softness in dog. It was more or less as we planned it. And as we've spoken in the past, we've made some very specific and targeted actions on that, but we are not done. So we are -- we remain very committed to that brand and ensuring that the dog portfolio gets healthy. 
Several of the actions that we are taking don't really begin to come to fruition until more like the fourth quarter. So yes, there has been some trade to support the brand in the interim. Our marketing was up 30% in the quarter on Nutrish. And then as we get into the back half, you will see some of the things that we talked about, optimizing the portfolio in terms of getting the right SKUs, refreshing and making the packaging more consistent and then, obviously, some new innovation coming in the fourth quarter. So it is a journey. We recognize that it is not -- we're not going to flip the switch overnight, but we remain committed to the actions that we are taking and have confidence in the brand in its totality.

Jason, it's Mark. The short answer is no. I don't think we're going to have to give that back. I think the dynamics that caused us to take the price increase are real, and they impact the broader industry. We have, in our case, a very solid supply and relationships with our suppliers on peanuts. I think it's possible that there, we could continue to see some supply disruption in the market. And so the dynamics, whether it be just higher cost peanuts, quality issues with peanuts, those are going to probably persist for some time. And so I think we've demonstrated over the last several months that the actions we have taken have worked, and we will expect to stick to those.

I think it's -- John, I think it's a little of all of what you said. I think there is some -- we have a very consistent supply. We have a very robust and scaled supply chain. There's no question -- from a consumer standpoint, a brand standpoint, consumers are definitely feeling comfortable with brands that they know and trust. The primary players in the coffee category tend to hedge and use financial instruments to buy coffee. We have seen that private label suppliers don't tend to hedge as much. And I think that might have had an impact on some of the private brands. But we remain committed to our strategy of producing and maintaining a steady quality supply of food, and that includes coffee, and working with our trading partners to ensure that we maintain those products on shelves and engage with the consumers wherever we can.

Thanks, Alexia. You're right. It's the first COO under my tenure. John would be the first, not in our company history. But I would highlight that -- rather than maybe answer that specifically, I really look forward to having you all have some interaction with my broader leadership team including John and others at Investor Day. And part of what we hope to demonstrate to you during our Investor Day is just the strength and expertise of this team and how each of them truly do complement each other. I have to say I'm proud that I have never worked with a team this fantastic in my career and really hope that we can get you all to interact with John and the rest of the team on December 10.

It's actually been both, Laurent. It's been -- clearly, as at-home consumption has increased, we definitely have seen higher consumption. Clearly, there's been a shift to e-commerce, which does, in many cases, help repeat purchase. And then again, having seen repeat purchase, both in brick-and-mortar and e-commerce on many of our brands over the last quarter gives us -- that's what gives us the increased confidence of these consumers remaining in our brands.

Laurent, it's Mark. And I may ask Tucker to chime in here. But clearly, one of my fundamental responsibilities as CEO is to make sure that we are providing our investors with as much visibility into our current thinking as possible and setting targets that we can meet or exceed. And I'm very pleased over the last 3 quarters that we've been able to do that. I would -- I guess, I would just highlight that these are very uncertain times. We do feel that we have a responsibility to our investors to tell you what we know when we know it. And so the current revision reflects a change in what we believe we can deliver. We clearly had an over-delivery in the second quarter, which caused us to think a little bit differently about the remainder of the year. So it's really about making sure that we're communicating with our shareholders and giving you the best information that we can based on what we know today.

Thank you, all, for joining us. I'd like to just acknowledge and thank our tremendous employees, so many of whom are coming to work every day and ensuring that we have quality supply of food for our countries. We really look forward to seeing and speaking with all of you on December 10 at 8:30 Eastern, which is when our Investor Day will begin, and wish all of you a safe and healthy Thanksgiving. Thank you.