Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our nation, families and colleagues have experienced unprecedented events and challenges over the past 6 months. The COVID-19 pandemic has upended our way of life, and societal awareness about racial injustice has been magnified. Companies, like ours, as corporate citizens, have the responsibility to lead and act to help overcome these challenges.  
I am proud of our employees who have served our constituents, produced record volumes, while maintaining high quality and safety standards and delivered exceptional results, all amidst many personal sacrifices. I am incredibly thankful for their dedication and continued commitment to each other and our shared values. At Smucker, we pride ourselves on living and applying our basic beliefs, which include people and ethics as guideposts for everything we do. We advocate for the mutual respect of every individual, while remaining steadfast in our commitment to a positive and inclusive work environment for everyone.  
With our shared values and history as a foundation, we know more needs to be done, which is why we have accelerated our inclusion and diversity efforts with several new initiatives, including signing the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge to show our support for marginalized groups; introducing unconscious bias training for our employees; committing $500,000 to organizations that advocate for inclusion, racial justice and the advancement of underrepresented people; participating in the Stop Hate for Profit social media advertising movement; and designating Juneteenth as a company paid holiday beginning next year. We are committed to building on these initiatives to become a more inclusive and diverse organization, while supporting efforts to ensure our communities become more equitable and just.  
The global COVID-19 pandemic has made the operating environment dynamic and challenging to predict. We have built an organization well prepared to adapt to this period of rapid change, and our employees continue to execute at a high level, supporting an approximately $400 million year-over-year increase in net sales over the past 2 quarters, resulting in adjusted EPS growth over 30%. 
In the first quarter, net sales increased 11% versus the prior year, with each business outperforming our expectations. In the coffee, consumer foods and international retail businesses, demand remained elevated throughout the quarter, driven by increased at-home consumption and retailers rebuilding inventory levels that were depleted in March and April from consumer stock-up. Results in the pet food and snacks segment were slightly better than expected, with consumption growth continuing for our cat food and pet snacks brands, while some pantry destocking was evident for dog food. Finally, declines for the Away From Home business moderated ahead of our expectations as reopenings occurred earlier than anticipated.  
Adjusted earnings per share was $2.37, an increase of 50%, benefiting from increased sales volume, improved profit margins related to mix and operating leverage and reduced SD&A expenses. 
Due to stronger-than-anticipated first quarter results, along with revised assumptions for the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year expectations to include net sales flat to up 1% versus the prior year and adjusted earnings per share of $8.20 to $8.60.  
On our fourth quarter call, I highlighted that to effectively build on our long-term strategy to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere, it was imperative to deliver against 4 specific priorities for this fiscal year. These priorities are: first, drive consistent net sales growth; second, increase focus on financial discipline with an emphasis on maintaining or improving our strong profit margins and cash flow generation; third, harness our full suite of capabilities to strengthen our commercial execution and build competitive advantages; and fourth, maintain our commitment to our company's purpose of feeding connections that help us thrive. Now, more than ever, we need to strengthen our connections with consumers, customers, suppliers, employees, communities and our shareholders. While there is still work to do, we are off to a great start in delivering against these priorities.  
Let me provide some examples from the first quarter. We capitalized on the increased demand created by the shift to elevated at-home consumption with a second consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. Further, market share trends improved sequentially throughout the quarter for several of our categories as we return to producing our full breadth of products, including the Jif brand, which, in the latest 4-week period, has regained 3 share points since mid-May when our on-shelf assortment was limited. Other highlights include net sales growth of over 50% for the Crisco brand and 35% for Smucker's Uncrustables in the consumer foods segment. And the Folgers, Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands each grew double digits in the coffee segment. We expect the consumer and coffee momentum to continue into the second quarter as we maximize production and add more variety back to shelves.  
We also delivered another quarter of net sales growth in pet, led by the continued strong performance for our cat food and dog snacks portfolios, which grew 13% and 9%, respectively. We continue to take actions to improve our competitive positioning in the dog food category, primarily for our premium brands.  
Across our entire portfolio, we are adapting brand-building activities to attract and retain new consumers. Key metrics for consumer purchasing behavior were positive in the quarter, including household penetration growth of over 1.6 million households versus the prior year, a nearly 150 basis point improvement in repeat rate and a high single-digit increase in dollars per buyer. This means more consumers are purchasing our brands, they are repeating purchases at a higher rate and they are spending more than before.  
Our second fiscal 2021 priority is an increased focus on financial discipline. We are partnering with our customers to manage pricing where appropriate, such as in peanut butter, where a reduction in crop yields has resulted in increased cost. We have also optimized planned marketing spend for several brands by reallocating resources to brands with capacity for faster growth, such as Folgers, which grew 13% in the U.S. Retail Coffee segment in the quarter. A new advertising campaign for Folgers is beginning to air this week, with content relevant to the current environment focused on attracting new consumers. We firmly believe the current environment will translate into long-term structural changes in consumer behavior and continued growth opportunities. Finally, we continue to sharpen our focus on productivity and efficiency of our spend as SD&A expenses declined 6% in the quarter.  
The pricing discipline, reprioritization of marketing spend across categories and continued productivity focus are just a few examples of our margin management activities. When considering these activities and a focus on execution, we were able to deliver sales and profit growth for the quarter. We look forward to providing more information about our margin management program during our upcoming Investor Day in October.  
An example of how we leverage our capabilities to improve commercial execution and build competitive advantages are the investments that we have made in our e-commerce capabilities to support our strategic growth imperative to be everywhere. In the first quarter, our total e-commerce sales grew over 70% and represented 12% of our U.S. Retail sales. We anticipate e-commerce growth to remain sticky, as consumers are increasingly adopting and maintaining online grocery shopping habits as a result of the pandemic, including many first-time online grocery shoppers that discovered the convenience and benefits of pickup and delivery options.  
Fourth and finally is the continued commitment to our purpose. The actions I previously mentioned around inclusion and diversity are an example of some of the work our teams are doing. And I believe, through the passion of our employees, we will continue to make continued progress throughout the year.  
In summary, I would like to reinforce a few key points. One, our business performed very well this quarter, and we exceeded our expectations in a uniquely challenging period. Two, we remain confident in our consumer-centric growth strategy and have significantly improved performance across many of our categories. Three, we continue to adapt and be agile in this changing environment, focused on maintaining and growing our consumer base and growing our categories and market share. And four, while there will always be more work to do, our strong start and continued business momentum has put us in a position to deliver our financial commitments for the fiscal year.  
Before turning it over to Tucker, I want to again recognize our Vice Chairman and former CFO, Mark Belgya, who will retire September 1; and Kathryn Dindo and Gary Oatey, who both retired from our Board of Directors last week. I am grateful for the counsel they have provided, and thank them for their continued commitment and contributions to our company. We wish them all the best in the future. Finally, we are excited to welcome Susan Chapman-Hughes and Jodi Taylor, who were elected to our Board of Directors last week. We look forward to the expertise and oversight Susan and Jodi will provide in critical areas that support our company's future growth. 
I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.

Thanks, Andrew. It's Mark. I would say, largely, the bulk of the inventory restock is behind us. There will probably be some potentially moderating, but we are seeing the trends in consumption continue. We commented in the prepared remarks, specifically about peanut butter and the latest 4, we're seeing our share come back. So for the vast majority of our brands, we are seeing some pretty decent consumption takeaway. Our focus is just going to remain largely on supporting our customers and our consumers. As long as we continue in this environment, that's really our #1 priority, to make sure that we're getting our products, our brands and a large assortment of them to the shelves.

Yes. Andrew, it's Mark again. Clearly, we have maintained a really good cadence of cost discipline throughout this, and I think one of the things that the pandemic has taught us is that we can and will be agile and very focused on those things that are really going to drive the business. So just our ability to adapt the partnerships that we've strengthened with our customers, the ways in which we are targeting and reaching our consumers, I think we've learned that we can do those things and remain extremely focused on where we are going to find growth. 
As it relates specifically to our cost structure, we have exercised a high degree of cost discipline, but I would stop short of going any further in that, and we might potentially discuss that a bit at our Investor Day in October.

Yes. And this is Mark, just to comment a little bit on the channel dynamics. What we have seen is the pet specialty channel continues to exhibit some softness, but there continues to be a general shift, consumers going to e-commerce. One thing that was unique, just to build on Tucker's comment, is the total dog category was actually down in the quarter largely because of the destock. That's the first time in a very long time that you would see the dog food category having been down. As I said in my last comments, we do view that, that has -- we're largely through much of that. But I think the important point to note is that our total pet business is up, and we've seen great growth in both cat and pet snacks. And so that has clearly been a positive as well as performance for our innovation.

Yes. It's roughly -- it depends on the segment of the category. It's about 15% to 20%. We can get the more accurate number and give that to you offline.

Yes. Chris, just on the M&A front, as you know, we always are -- have lines in the water, if you will, and just making sure that we are seeing and have access to some of the opportunities that may be out there. I would say, generally speaking, it has been relatively light. But as Tucker pointed out, we are getting ourselves into a position where we could participate in the M&A market if the right opportunity came. But at this point, there really is no new news to report, and we will just continue to monitor.

Rob, thanks for the question. You're right. Financial discipline is one of our foundational priorities, particularly for this year, as it would be for any year, but we really are focused on it this year. Tucker already spoke to, obviously, debt and just our cash generation. But we are very focused on our margin profile, making sure that we can maintain and ultimately improve our margins, and that really comes from a continuous improvement mindset, which we have done a great job just in terms of our margin management from a cost -- internal cost standpoint. But we will continue to be very focused on strategic pricing, and our recent actions in peanut butter support that. We mentioned briefly in the script that we have -- we did -- we have seen some cost increases on peanuts largely because of crop quality, but we were able to partner very closely with our retail customers in order to manage that in a very judicious way, making sure that we are able to pass along our cost in an appropriate way, of course. So those will all be components of how we continue to manage our profitability going forward.

Right. So in our pet business, I would say, from a macro perspective, Rob, we are seeing the pet category perform largely as it normally does. Pets -- I've said this before, pets always eat at home, so the increase from stay-at-home consumption is largely focused on humans. So the pet category itself, I would just -- I would say, is largely continues to -- the dynamics are very similar to what they normally would be pre or post COVID. It's a competitive environment. On Nutrish, specifically, our net pricing is down from a year ago, which was part of our targeted actions to improve the performance of that brand. But increased trade, in general, I think, is -- we're not seeing that largely across the entire pet portfolio.

Jason, it's Mark. I would just reinforce a comment I made earlier just to respond to your comment about the restock. The restock was clearly -- largely fell in our first quarter. And it was more specific, of course, to consumer and coffee. And as I said earlier, we are largely through that. And in the most recent share information, you would see our share, particularly in consumer, coming back and seeing some share growth. Coffee has been pretty much strong throughout the quarter.

Yes. First of all, there's been significant e-commerce growth in coffee, so there has been a market shift for coffee being purchased in the e-commerce channel. So from an unmeasured standpoint, you definitely wouldn't be seeing the coffee growth there either.

That would be both.

I would say some of it probably. It's hard to know if all of it would be, but yes.

Absolutely, Rob. Thanks for the question. On peanut butter, there hasn't been any significant rationalization of SKUs. So as we're trying to point out a little bit in the script, when we -- when COVID was really at its peak, and we were asked by our customers to focus on the most important SKUs, we did just that. And so some of the share shifting that we saw in -- 3 or 4 months ago was really a result of the fact that we were selling everything we could make. We were selling more peanut butter than anyone else out there, but it was a limited assortment. Now that we are able to -- we're still running essentially full out in our 2 key peanut butter plants. We have actually been able to restock the more full assortment. And so that fuller assortment is actually now getting on shelf, and that is why, in the latest 4, you would start to see our share starting to grow back to -- towards where it was before. So significant SKU rationalization as a result of COVID, not a lot. 
But I will tell you on innovation, we still are committed to innovation. As I spoke to, I think, in a quarter, maybe a quarter or 2 ago, innovation is going to remain very important. It's a balance between platform innovation and more common things like line extensions. In the quarter, innovation was -- new products were 5% of our sales and roughly $100 million. So we've been very pleased with our innovation. I know there's been a lot of focus on Jif Power Ups, and discontinuing that was the right decision. But even on something like 1850, we recently gained quite a few new points of distribution, well in the thousands of new points of distribution, and that brand online continues to grow very, very well. So innovation is going to continue to be very important. We feel like we've had some success there, and we will continue to drive innovation as a one component of our top line growth.

Yes. Pamela, thanks for the question. I would say, our coffee pricing strategy, we are extremely disciplined. The underlying green coffee costs have been somewhat volatile, but still at historical lows. There has been some uptick in the last few weeks, particularly on Arabica, and so we would expect to see some cost increase into the second quarter. That said, we have multiple levers that we use to manage our retail prices. Sometimes it's trade. More recently, it's been more trade related than it has, specifically pricing, but we will remain extremely disciplined on the pricing front and ensure that our margins, particularly on coffee and as well as across our business. But on coffee, we've said before, we're maintaining those margins in the low 30-ish percent is doable.

Well, first of all, thank you all for listening. We appreciate the support. Obviously, we're very pleased with our results this quarter, and our priority is to continue to support our customers and consumers and really make this growth sticky as we've regained a number of new consumers. And then finally, just wanting to acknowledge that all of this is possible because of our fantastic employees, and just a huge shout-out to our employees because they're the ones that have really allowed us to deliver, and we look forward to continuing to deliver in the quarters to come. Thank you.