Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by providing comments on our first quarter results, which were below our expectations. Given the momentum we generated in the past 2 quarters, the miss relative to our expectations in this first quarter is unacceptable, particularly as it relates to our top line sales.
Our team is already executing on plans to address recent performance, which include: Improving the consumer value proposition at shelf, the continued launch of new advertising across multiple brands and driving awareness and trial in premium dog food. Underpinning all of these actions is a focus on accelerating the execution of our strategic growth imperatives, which is the key to unlocking the growth potential of all our brands.
We are also taking decisive near-term actions to ensure we maintain financial discipline, deliver on our commitments and increase shareholder value, including: One, re-prioritization of company-wide initiatives; two, a reduction or elimination of certain discretionary expenses; and thirdly, the evaluation of planned marketing programs, with an increased focus on maximizing return on investment.
Let me provide additional details on first quarter results. Organic sales -- organic net sales decreased 4% compared to the prior year, which was below our expectations primarily as a result of 3 factors: First, the timing of shipments, primarily in coffee and peanut butter; second, the deflation in the coffee and peanut butter categories; and thirdly, increased competitive activity in the premium dog food category.
Our adjusted EPS declined 11% compared to the prior year. The reduction was driven by lower net sales and resulting SD&A deleverage, which was only partially offset by gross margin expansion with improved mix in Pet Food resulting from the decline of private label sales.
With respect to the shortfall in U.S. Retail Coffee, we are confident that this was a temporary dynamic. While we expected a sales deceleration from the fourth quarter, the decline was greater than anticipated. This was partially due to timing of distribution gains across all formats that have shifted to the second quarter. As part of this change, we gained incremental shelf space going forward across all formats. We are already seeing momentum build in the second quarter and continue to expect top and bottom line growth for the Coffee segment this fiscal year.
Our category leadership position remained strong. Along with the #1 Folgers brand, Dunkin' became the #3 brand in retail sales during the quarter and continues to outpace category growth. In addition, we own 4 of the top 5 brands growing household penetration in the coffee category. And our K-Cup portfolio is outpacing category growth by approximately 2x in the latest 4-, 12- and 52-week periods. We also recently launched innovation with Dunkin' Signature Series, 1850 single origins and Folgers Noir product that will contribute to top line growth as the year progresses since retailer acceptance is consistent with our projections.
In Consumer Foods, a net sales decline in peanut butter was primarily attributable to a list price decline taken in the fourth quarter. Certain retailers also reduced inventory following a 15% increase in the company's peanut butter shipment in the prior quarter, and a key promotion was shifted to the second quarter. While we did see a volume benefit since taking a price decline, it was lower than anticipated. We maintain a nearly 50% volume and dollar market share for the category, and consumer takeaway for our peanut butter offerings performed better than other branded competitors and the overall category during the quarter as our velocities have increased following our pricing actions.
In Pet Food, while we anticipated comparable sales to be down slightly, sales were below expectation, down 4%. Momentum for the majority of our pet brands continues to be masked by the declined in our private label business and the Natural Balance brand in the pet specialty channel. 
The shortfall to expectations resulted from underperformance of Nutrish dog food as a result of greater-than-anticipated impact from premium competitors' aggressive pricing actions. We are taking targeted actions to reaccelerate Nutrish dog food growth, which include improving the consumer value proposition at shelf to increase -- to drive increased trial and loyalty and launching new advertising to increase awareness. 
While we anticipate continued softness for the Nutrish brand in the second quarter, we remain confident in the strength of the brand as a key growth driver for the balance of the fiscal year, including the launch of new innovation platforms. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we expect Nutrish to grow mid- to high single digits. 
We are actively defending our position and remain confident in the long-term growth potential of our pet business. There were areas where we made solid progress this quarter, with key brands delivering growth in both shipments and consumption. Cat food continued to deliver strong sales growth, driven by an 8% increase for Meow Mix as well as growth for 9Lives and Nutrish. Our dog snacks platform also grew, led by sales increases for the Pup-Peroni, Nutrish and Milk-Bone brands. Pet innovation delivered over $20 million in net sales during the quarter, and we also continue to project $100 million in annualized sales from new products launched by the end of the year.
Turning to the progress made against our long-term growth imperatives. We continued to execute and build momentum with our 3 consumer-centric growth imperatives to lead in the best invest category, build brands consumers love and be everywhere. 
I'll share a couple examples from the quarter of how we are leading in the best categories. Snacking remains a key focus area with our total snacking portfolio generating net sales growth of 7% during the quarter, mostly driven by Uncrustable Sandwiches, which grew 11%. We are now shipping Uncrustables products produced at the recently completed Longmont facility. The volume shipping from this plant is currently small as we execute the startup process. As planned, we will expand capacity throughout the year to support a significant increase in sales during the second half of the year. We remain on track to grow this business to over $500 million in net sales within the next few years compared to approximately $300 million in fiscal 2019.
In addition, the Jif Power-Ups platform has helped increase household penetration for the Jif brand by over 2 million households over the past year as a result of our new on-trend snack offerings. While growth slowed this quarter with lapping of initial sell-in last year, we remain confident in the growth opportunities for the Jif snacking platform. We recently launched new line extensions and expect to expand distribution as the year progresses.
Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. Last fiscal year, we began implementing our new Power of One marketing model, which includes a new structure within our marketing teams in addition to consolidating work with a new agency. Although we're at the very beginning of this new brand support hitting the market, we are excited about the brand refresh underway and recently launched new advertising for the Jif and Smucker's brands. We will continue to launch new campaigns across 9 of our key brands in the upcoming months. These new breakthrough campaigns are bold, strengthen our brands' relevance in today's culture and set a new bar for CPG creative effectiveness, which we fully expect to support top line growth.
We remain committed to our investments in marketing and innovation, and we continue to project marketing spend to be in a range of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the year. This commitment to support our brands and new products is critical to accomplishing our financial goals and increasing shareholder value. 
Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere. We understand that consumers shop and interact with brands on demand and multichannel. Therefore, we need to be wherever consumers shop and available any time. Within the e-commerce channel, we compete in categories that are well suited to a subscription model, particularly Pet Food and Coffee. In the first quarter, our sales to pure play e-commerce retailers were up over 30% while enforcing price discipline to protect pricing architecture and the equity of our brands. The e-commerce channel now accounts for nearly 5% of total U.S. retail sales, which is pacing in line with our goal to reach 5% by the end of the fiscal year.
The focus of our Away From Home business has always been on offering branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. During the first quarter, we increased our market share in 3 of our 4 strategic categories: Liquid coffee, fruit spreads portion control offerings and peanut butter portion control offerings. Our share of market in each of these categories is well over 50% and more than twice the #2 competitor. In the roast and ground coffee category, we will further strengthen our position by launching 1850 coffee, which complements the retail 1850 business, which was the #1 launch in the coffee category last year. In the frozen handheld category, we are excited about being able to expand our Uncrustables business within additional Away From Home outlets.
Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. We are quickly adapting to competitive and market dynamics to deliver results that represent the strength of our organization. We operate in strong categories that are aligned with current consumer trends. We are making good progress on our consumer-focused framework and 3 growth imperatives designed to deliver on our long-term financial growth priorities and increase shareholder value. We remain confident in our strategy, our strong portfolio of brands and the new brand support that will together drive results. And we firmly believe we are moving forward with the right approach and are taking decisive actions to provide improved results for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
Finally, as always, I want to acknowledge our dedicated employees. We thank them for what they have done and what they will do to drive the business moving forward.
I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

Andrew, thanks. It's Mark Smucker. So yes. On re-prioritizing company initiatives, I would just say that, that is really about taking a very detailed look at a lot of the actions and things that we're doing as a company and really prioritizing those initiatives which truly are going to drive the business. And where there are -- I won't get into specifics, but where there are actions or projects that are not specifically driving the business, we may stop or postpone some or many of those activities.
As it relates to pet, your first conclusion is correct. I guess, let me just walk through a little bit more detail because this is obviously the most important question that we could get today, and it is one that we clearly have to address and are addressing. I guess I would start by saying that we did not fully anticipate how broad and aggressive some of the pricing actions would be on trial sizes in premium dog food. This is specific to premium dog food and relatively specific to trial sizes. We had not seen this level of aggressive pricing in previous other interactions in other channels. And we viewed this trial size dynamic as temporary and somewhat unsustainable. So that would go to your question about we don't view this as a structural change. 
It clearly created a temporary misalignment, kind of, in terms of the value proposition and led to some of our consumers trialing ultra-premium product. But we do continue to believe that our consumers remain largely distinct and would just like to assure you and our investors that we are taking aggressive steps to ensure we're positioned properly in the marketplace across several levers: Price is one; obviously, customer and merchandising support would be another; and then I mentioned brand support in the prepared remarks. So we would expect progress to be steady for Nutrish, particularly obviously, we're still talking about dog food in the back half. And we would again expect mid- to high single-digit growth for the remainder of the year. 
All of that said, were we disappointed with the results this quarter? Yes. But 2 things I would just like to hammer home. One is, more broadly, our pricing action that we had taken has stuck. And so we have been pleased with where we obviously took a broader pricing action across the portfolio, that stuck. And then there are many other parts of the pet portfolio which are doing very well. So that gives us confidence in the portfolio as a whole, but clearly, we have to address this more immediate issue.

Bryan, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. You are correct. We have use the phrase stick to our guns, so that is precisely what we need to do as it relates to supporting the brands. I talked about the advertising campaigns that are just beginning. So we're just now beginning to see the fruits of our labor on the marketing. And there, across 9 or 10 brands, I think I said 9 in the prepared remarks, are coming over the next couple of quarters. And so we've got to maintain, that's why obviously the level of commitment to the marketing spend, and then also making sure that we continue to support the innovation in the marketplace. So that is true across not just the 1850 and Jif Power-Up, but innovation in pet. Although it started a little late, we've been pleased with the results. We've seen customer pickup in line with our expectations. So it is a matter, in large degree, of continuing to be consistent and continuing to support those innovations for an extended period to make sure that they gain traction and a foothold.

Rob, it's Mark Smucker, I'll start. We would expect them to be relatively consistent with last year. As you know, coffee costs are at 30-year lows and they've been at 30-year lows for some time. They continue to be at very low prices, so we have continued to use the lever of trade to make sure that we're -- our competitive position is strong, but we do not see any significant change in both the performance of coffee, we do expect it to come back and we are actually already seeing some momentum in the category across all the segments, and then margins will be more or less consistent with last year.

Well, frankly, because several of our lines and items are performing very well. In the prepared remarks, I mentioned how well our K-Cup offerings are doing, so we are seeing some expanded distribution in K-Cup as well as in our premium coffee set as well. And in some cases, that may be at the expense of competitors, but generally speaking, because our customers have seen good performance, they are, in several cases, taking on some expanded points of distribution.

Pam, I didn't hear the last part -- or the second part of your question.

You asked me to elaborate on Nutrish, and what else?

Yes. In treats -- in cat treats, we did see some shifting of timing. But again as I mentioned earlier on the innovation piece, we have seen good customer acceptance. It is -- some of the customers reset their shelves later than initially expected, so that drove some of the timing. But so far, what we've seen is in line with our projections, and we've been pleased with the innovation pickup in general. 
And then as it relates to Nutrish, I won't get into specifics other than to say, just reiterate, that again, the dynamic in the premium pet dog food category was actually a couple competitors, it was not only 1 competitor, that there was some aggressive pricing. Obviously, we will respond to that. As I mentioned, we will make sure that our pricing, particularly on those trial sizes and other items, is where it needs to be to compete. And then we will continue to support the brands both at a customer level and as well as from a consumer support in terms of brand support and advertising.

Jason, if I may just add a couple comments from a historical perspective. Just on the private -- just before I do that, on the private label piece, some of that was planned exits in pet. We will expect to replace some of that, more than likely in the fourth quarter, so there is this lag. So Mark's comments were right in terms of the specifics of that being one of the factors. 
I guess, what I would just like to frame in is, clearly, as the CEO of this company, delivering on our commitments to our shareholders is a foundational priority. And so we clearly -- we won't do our initial guidance on the top line, but we will do whatever is within our power to ensure that we deliver earnings growth. And as we've said before, that we're in the business for the long term, the progress is not linear and it can be lumpy. This quarter is an example of lumpiness. And it is -- we have been in previous years many times with a back-half loaded plan. And so that is not new. And for those of you that have covered us for a while, you've experienced that in many different years.
I guess I would point to -- and clearly, we don't measure our success on a single quarter, but I would point to if you look back historically, in fiscal '17, our business was declining at 3%. In '18, it was declining around 1%. And last year, we were flat. And this year, we intend to deliver some positive growth.
So if you look at that annual trend, clearly, we are moving in the right direction. And that obviously is the goal. And our entire company is focused on making sure that we can deliver the guidance that we set forth.

So I've talked on previous calls -- this is Mark Smucker. I've talked on previous calls about the breadth of the category and how there is a very broad pricing set, from ultra-premium all the way down to value. And fundamentally, there is a similarly broad set of consumers that are looking for all different need states. So our portfolio is very broad as well. We believe it clearly meets many of those need states, but really supporting those brands and continuing to drive our marketing investment against those is clearly going to have a strong impact.
I would point to the fact that Kibbles -- you referenced Kibbles, is a relatively small piece of the portfolio. Meow Mix is another example of a brand that is a mainstream brand, but it grew at 8% this year -- this quarter. So 6 -- about 65-ish percent of dog purchasers is roughly in the premium, and in our portfolio, is in the premium space. So our portfolio does skew a little premium. And so again, regardless of which segment we're talking about, premium or value, it's all about communicating with the consumer, getting the price right at shelf, supporting the brands at shelf and making sure that our advertising is speaking to the consumer it's intended to.

This is Mark Smucker. I would just say there were probably be some reversal in coffee, we are seeing that, and probably some in peanut butter. I don't think we've quantified that. As we've said before, occasionally, customers do make inventory adjustments, you can't predict that, and this was one of those instances. But we continue to be encouraged by the trends, particularly on coffee. We have seen some nice pickup, as I mentioned on peanut butter and particularly versus other brands. 
And then again, one thing we didn't know in coffee is that the Dunkin' canister, we've had a lot of questions about that in the past, and that product is doing extremely well and is highly incremental, much more incremental than we expected. So we are not cannibalizing ourselves as much as we originally expected, and it's actually supporting category growth as well. So all of those things continue to give us confidence. And again, the inventory thing is sort of we deal with it when it happens and this was one of those instances.

Yes, you are correct, that there was some, as I mentioned before, some delayed shelf resets which caused customers to take them later than we expected. Again, the Milk-Bone long-lasting chew items are doing very well. And so again, we are seeing the right level of pickup, meeting our projections a little later than expected, but it's going well. And there are other new product launches that are coming throughout the remainder of the year. So it's not all in yet, if you will.

Alexia, it's Mark Smucker. As the CEO, I remain very committed to being transparent with our investors. And given what we know this quarter, we -- despite being disappointed in the guide down, we felt that it was the right thing to do. And making -- just making sure that we're having transparent and focused conversation about our results and what we truly believe we can deliver. So it is my, obviously, imperative to continue to ensure that we're providing that level of transparency going forward. So it's just it's where we feel comfortable.

Well, I don't think it's going to ebb. I mean, we've been competing for 122 years, it's not. So that's a fair comment. 
What I would say is, again, we are in 3 amazing categories that are all essentially snacks, pet and coffee growing faster than center store in aggregates. So we're in good categories. Most importantly, we have leading brands, and in many cases #1 brands, that are really flagship brands within each category or within segments of categories. And so that clearly gives us a competitive strength and gives us the permission to compete and obviously to lead, in many cases, with price as we've done.
I would point to as well, even in pet, as you had newer entrants come in. And despite being somewhat disappointed with our results in premium dog, we actually retained more points of distribution than other competitors did in -- when those new entrants came in.
So again, pointing to the fact that being a leader, having strong brands will allow us to continue to compete effectively. But it is -- there is a lot of competition and we just have to continue to be disciplined, do the right things for our brands, support them through marketing and make sure that our pricing architecture is fair and supports the equity of those brands.

So I would -- okay. So first of all, we are committed to doing marketing on all of the 9 brands that we discussed. You should have seen both new advertising on Jif and Smucker's in the marketplace, and we feel very good about those and the ability of those to drive top line. Where you would see that we will be pulling back is less so on media, it's really on challenging ourselves on nonworking marketing dollars to make sure that those spends are truly necessary. And so where we can drive efficiencies out, it's in those areas that are what we call nonworking marketing dollars. But supporting the brands, the stuff that you would see going to consumers, that's where we're committed to making sure it's out in the public domain and that we're reaching our consumers. So those areas, we need to protect.

We're trying to stay focused, obviously, on the brands that we have. Recall that we recently made significant realignment to our portfolio by divesting the baking business. So we're very comfortable with the brands that we have, and they all need support. Some need more support than others, and so they're not all created equal, but because of where we are, we are focused on these 3 categories and need to continue to support these brands. 
The type of marketing can differ. So you may see, for example, or you may have probably have seen a brand like Café Bustelo. We do a lot of experiential marketing, we do pop-up cafés. We had a coffee shop in Houston for about, I think it was about 3 months. And so those types of marketing are different. So it's not always on-air television advertising, but there will be a lot more of that.
Earlier in your question, you mentioned that we're -- I don't know, about a year in. Well, yes, we're a year into restructuring our marketing functions, but we're at the very beginning of launching new creative work on all of these brands. So the way in which we are communicating with consumer, making these brands relevant in today's culture, that's what's changing and you've only begun to see the beginnings of that. So look for a lot more of that over the next, call it, 6 months or so.

Yes, I guess -- Rebecca, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that some of the development of new products, if you will, falls under our innovation team. So there are some costs that are in that space. In fact, we actually -- my leadership team has a meeting later today to actually review innovation that is further out, 2 to 3 years out. And so that is something that we do as a team. We involve marketing and R&D and everybody's in the room. So we feel good about our process. We have significant R&D facilities here on site in Orrville, pilot plants for pet and coffee and some of our Consumer Foods businesses. So we're pretty -- I think we feel that we're in a good place and the process that we have in this place is very disciplined and it's working.

So again, thank you all for listening in today. We appreciate you taking the time. Given the fact that this quarter, clearly, we had a hiccup, we just want to reinforce our commitment to doing what's right, remind the group that we really do manage our business year-over-year. And if you look at our annual performance, it has steadily improved over the last few years. And despite being disappointed with this quarter, we still feel very strongly that our strategy is right as we've seen evidence that it is working in multiple areas of our business, and just remaining committed to being transparent with you all. And appreciate the support and the time that you've spent with us today. Thank you.