Sure, Andrew. Thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker. Let me just make a couple of very brief comments just about the business in general, and I will answer the Nutrish question. I just want to acknowledge, first of all, that we are very pleased with the results this quarter. It's our sixth quarter in a row of meeting or exceeding expectations. If you look at in the prepared remarks and you back out some of the noise in terms of divestitures and really look at an apples-to-apples, the total company grew 1%. All of our U.S. businesses grew and on a 2-year stack, we saw that 6% top line growth.  
So the point here is that underlying business fundamentals remain strong, demand is still there. Our investments almost across every part of our business are working. Our brands are strong. I mean just looking at the share growth, 2/3 of our portfolio are growing. A couple of years ago, that was like 1/4 of our brands were growing. So we are very pleased with the progress and the way we've been able to execute throughout the last -- particularly the last 18 months in the pandemic.  
And so really one of the only spots where we have not been satisfied is on Nutrish dry dog. Even the pet business itself grew in line with our algorithm. If you look on a 2-year stack, it's about a 3% growth. And we've said our algorithm is 3% to 4%. So we have been meeting that and seeing growth in dog snacks and cat food, et cetera. So really, we're isolated to Nutrish dry dog. We do remain committed to the brand. We have continued our portfolio and packaging optimizations.  
We are -- it's still at the early stages of the Big Life launch. So we clearly believe that there is still potential for the brand. Specifically, though, we have not been satisfied with some of our marketing investments and feel that they have not delivered the requisite return. And so we are actually pulling back on some of those marketing investments, still supporting the master brand and Big Life, but making sure that the dollars we're spending there are truly going to make a difference, and we're going to pull back temporarily and reevaluate some of those investments. And so that's why we said the full recovery of the Nutrish brand will be delayed throughout the remainder of this fiscal year.

Sure, Chris. This is Mark. As we think about cost and pricing recovery, we really try to take a holistic view and make sure that, as we've said before, are working with our retail customers in a prudent and fair way to recover essentially the aggregate costs. And so when we look at costs and how they impact the finished product, we really look at that in totality. And as we go forward with our retail partners, just making sure that we have an open and transparent dialogue of what needs to happen so that we can indeed recover those costs through our entire tool kit, whether that's list price, net revenue optimization or what have you.

Yes, Bryan, it's Mark. Generally speaking, the frost in Brazil, which is what Tucker was referring to, over a longer period, over a 12-month period is going to have some impact on the amount of coffee that's available. However, as one of the -- we are the largest roaster in the U.S. and one of the larger roasters in the world. We still would be able to get our needs met, but as Tucker referenced, it is going to be at higher prices, which we will continue to manage through our robust set of hedging tools. So we think we can manage through it, but just acknowledge that both just the Brazilian crop as well as some of the ongoing transportation issues are contributing to those costs.

Sure. I guess the headline there would be that as we have managed through this initial phase of pricing, which is now in effect, the elasticities that we have modeled have generally performed as expected. We can't predict what green coffee is going to do over the long term in terms of costs, but we are certainly not at historical highs and so we would anticipate that as we think about further pricing actions and elasticity, that we should be able to manage through that. And even though no elasticity model is ever perfect, we do have confidence that we'll be able to manage through that in a realistic fashion.

Alexia, it's Mark. As we've discussed thus far, we've talked a lot about inflation and cost pressures, and that is of course the primary driver. And then the second one is supply chain, as you noted. I mean if we really want to simplify, it's primarily those 2 factors. There's a lot of unknowns, of course, about the pandemic and what course that may take, so we're watching that extremely carefully. 
But as to the supply chain, specifically, we do believe that the reason that we have had success is because of our ability to execute and manage the supply chain. There is no question that it is tight and there are a variety of issues, tightness spanning from all the way upstream to all the way to the shelf at the retailer. But I would submit that our team and our people have done such a good job of managing every single step of the way, engaging with suppliers and customers all the way through to the retail shelf that has been key to our success. 
And so much so that it has allowed us to actually gain distribution at shelf because we generally have been able to deliver to our customers. We've gained some space in recent shelf set resets because of our ability to execute. And so if you think about that factor coupled with our new commercial model, which is truly focused on the retail shelf and delivering, I think that really has been critical to how we've been able to deliver results thus far, and we would anticipate continuing those trends.

Rob, I would just -- it's Mark. I would just add one thing on coffee, which is you'll recall that our strategy has been to ensure, number one, that we're participating in all the segments of the category, but also continue to shift the portfolio to the growing segments. So in that case, that being Dunkin', Café Bustelo and K-Cups are all -- all 3 of those are outpacing the segment or the category -- we are outpacing the category, excuse me. And even the Folgers brand has continued to gain share and its growth, particularly in K-Cups, has been strong as well. So we feel like as the portfolio shifts, we are delivering against our strategy.

Yes. If you look at coffee on a 2-year basis, in that 2-year stack, we are seeing 8%. So that's obviously very strong. And the distribution gains that were referenced, I think, in the prepared remarks were relative to primarily recent some shelf resets as well as some new pickup at some key customers. So those -- we haven't seen those come through our P&L yet, but that will clearly be a help as we move forward.

There hasn't been any impediment, Jason. Most of the pricing was effective in July broadly, and it's now on shelf. So you're going to see that initial wave coming through in the second quarter. And as we work through some of the additional pricing across our business, as Tucker mentioned earlier, it will be effective likely in the end of the second quarter, the beginning of the third quarter. So yes, we are confident that we will be able to work through that, and that will be reflected. And I'm sorry, the first part of your question, I -- could you repeat?

Pam, we have been able to take pricing and pass that through. And as we observe the market, we have seen our peers and competitors do similarly. And so we have confidence that we will continue to do that. And just reminding that pet snacks is really a key part of our strategy, and we do lead there. So we are clearly not only in pet snacks but in other portions of our business have been able to do so. So again, just to point, the headline being that our pet business is performing to expectations with the exception of Nutrish. And so we have delivered against our algorithm on pet.

Ryan, thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker again. As I started at the beginning of the Q&A, the demand has generally remained strong. I mean using coffee as an example, 75% of cups consumed are still consumed at home and a lot more brewers in place. Clearly, there are more pets out there. And so pet snacks will continue to do -- will continue to meet our expectations because consumers will continue to treat their pets. And so that will be another one. 
And then, of course, as I've discussed in the past, even post pandemic, however we define that, one thing is certain which is career professionals are going to continue to work from home more than they did pre pandemic. And that will benefit us because it speaks specifically to breakfast and lunch occasions. So particularly in our spreads, peanut butter and jelly as well as our Uncrustables business, we would expect that to be a positive factor on our businesses.

Thank you for your time and interest in our call this morning. We do remain confident in our strategy and the delivery of our business, the underlying fundamentals and the fact that we are still able to continue to invest in our business to ensure that we deliver against our strategy. So we hope that many of you will be able to join us virtually for our presentation at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in a couple of weeks, and hope everyone has a great day and a good weekend.