Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we highlighted last week during our CAGNY presentation, our results for the third quarter exceeded our expectations, reflecting the continued elevated at-home consumption, improved execution of our strategy, and momentum for our brands. Net sales increased 5% versus the prior year, while comparable sales increased 7%. And we delivered net sales growth across all 3 of our U.S. retail segments, with coffee sales increasing 12%, comparable sales within consumer foods increasing 16% and our pet food and pet snacks sales increasing 6%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 4% driven by increased sales volume partially offset by higher cost and SD&A expenses, inclusive of incremental marketing investments supporting our brands. 
Due to stronger-than-anticipated results through the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year and updated assumptions for the fourth quarter, we are pleased to increase our full year expectations to include net sales growth of 2% versus the prior year, adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.70 to $8.90 and free cash flow of $1.1 billion. We are delivering exceptional financial performance while significantly increasing investments in our brands, strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders, all of which are important building blocks for supporting long-term growth and increasing shareholder value. 
At our Investor Day and last week's CAGNY conference, we provided details around our current priorities that will strengthen our executional capabilities and unlock the full potential of our strategy. These include driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio and unleashing our organization to win. We made significant progress against these priorities in the quarter, specifically in the areas of improving commercial execution and reshaping our portfolio. We continue to benefit from strong demand for our brands and achieved a fourth consecutive quarter of net sales and earnings growth. Our performance reflects the outstanding work our teams have done to increase production and ensure our products are getting on shelf while minimizing any potential disruptions.
We continued our trend of improving market share across our portfolio as we increased our dollar market share in core consumer and coffee segments as well as for our cat food business, highlighting the strength of our broad brand portfolio in these categories. In aggregate, we grew share for brands representing 53% of our sales up from 46% in the second quarter. We are confident the actions we are taking, along with the macro events that have occurred over the past year, will translate to sustained tailwinds for our business. We are well positioned to maintain a meaningful portion of increased consumption for the long term, supported by our marketing investments, enhanced commercial execution and improvement in share trends. 
Our confidence is further supported by external factors including retailers' desire to simplify assortment, providing more shelf space for our leading brands. Approximately half the U.S. workforce is expected to work remotely on a part- or full-time basis postpandemic compared to just 30% before the pandemic, driving increased at-home breakfast and lunch occasions, benefiting our coffee and consumer foods businesses and tailwinds for the pet category with consumption projected to grow approximately 5% over the next few years as nearly 10 million households adopted a cat or dog over the past 12 months. 
We have made great progress in reshaping our portfolio, having completed the sales of the Crisco and Natural Balance businesses in the quarter. These divestitures underscore our commitment to further our focus on brands and categories that have the greatest growth opportunities over the long term. As we move ahead, we will continue to evaluate all elements of the portfolio and make changes when necessary to ensure our portfolio is positioned for growth.
Turning to our segment results. In pet food, our market-leading dog snacks and our cat food businesses delivered another quarter of net sales growth. Sales for dog snacks increased 14% led by gains for the Milk-Bone, Pup-Peroni and Rachael Ray Nutrish Brands. Sales growth for the Meow Mix brand led cat food growth of 9%, representing the 14th consecutive quarter of cat food growth, with our share increasing in both the dry and wet cat categories. In dog food, sales for our largest brand, Nutrish, grew 4%. In consumption, share trends for Nutrish dog food have stabilized with repeat rates and dollars per buyer increasing versus the prior year. For the total brand, Nutrish net sales were up 8% in the quarter, reflecting the growth for dog food as well as increases for cat food, dog snacks and cat snacks. 
Turning to our coffee business. We delivered net sales growth for all brands and segments in our market-leading coffee portfolio as total segment net sales increased 12%, led by the Dunkin' and Folgers brands. The Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands as well as K-Cups have become an increasingly important part of our portfolio, collectively growing over 20% and accounting for over 50% of segment net sales in this quarter. Café Bustelo and Dunkin' are the 2 fastest-growing brands in the coffee category with 52-week sales up 28% and 21%, respectively. 
The Dunkin' brand has eclipsed $1 billion in all channel retail sales dollars, inclusive of club and e-commerce over the past 12 months. The Folgers brand gained 3 million new households at the height of the pandemic and had the highest repeat rate by new consumers during the holiday season. Further, our portfolio of brands gained more incremental households in the last year than any other manufacturer and has gained share in all channel consumption, inclusive of club and e-commerce. 
In our consumer foods segment, growth across all categories drove a 16% increase in comparable sales. The actions we have taken on the Jif brand led to over 20% sales growth on core peanut butter offerings. In multi-outlet retail sales, Jif was the fastest-growing national brand in the quarter, increasing over 13%, more than twice the category average. This growth reflects benefits of improved distribution and in-stocks, strong marketing support, pricing actions in response to higher costs and competitive supply disruption. The Jif brand gained over 3 points of volume and dollar share sequentially from the second quarter, and our total peanut butter portfolio grew to over a 50% share of the peanut butter category. 
Our Smucker's Uncrustables business also continued to deliver exceptional growth with third quarter net sales increasing 21%. Household penetration is up 23% compared to a year ago. For our combined U.S. retail and Away from Home segments, the Uncrustables brand delivered $100 million of net sales this quarter, recording its 27th consecutive quarter of growth. The brand is on pace to deliver over $400 million of net sales this year and is on track to exceed our $500 million target in fiscal year 2023. 
Underpinning the improvement in net sales and market share across our businesses has been strong commercial execution, optimized marketing investments to align with consumer behavior and a continued commitment to financial discipline. We plan for a continued step-up in marketing investments in the fourth quarter inclusive of mass media, targeted digital consumer engagement, e-commerce and click-and-collect programs as we continue to reinvest to support our brands. Finally, we are sharpening our efforts to address issues that impact the quality of life for people and pets. This evolved agenda helps meet their needs for quality food, education, equitable and ethical treatment, community resources and a healthier planet. Additional details are available on our corporate website. 
In summary, I would like to reinforce a few key points. First, we continue to deliver strong financial results and the actions we are taking to deliver our priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics, including market share, that position us well for the remainder of the year and beyond. Second, we continue to make progress against our consumer-centric growth strategy. Third, through our executional priorities, we are becoming a more focused, efficient and agile organization. And fourth, we are strengthening our core capabilities, which position us as a stronger company set up for delivering sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value. These actions will ensure we continue to deliver consistent sales and profit growth beyond the pandemic, leveraging a strong portfolio of brands and world-class commercial capabilities, all of which are powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees, who I would like to thank for their outstanding contributions. 
I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.

Andrew, it's Mark. Yes. Nutrish dog food did grow actually 6% in the quarter. Notably, the total Nutrish brand grew 8%. And so we're obviously very pleased with that. I think what we reported last quarter was the fact that we're seeing that brand stabilize. And this quarter, we think we have pretty good confidence that it is stabilizing. So let me make a correction. The 4% number was specific to dry dog, right? And then the total brand was 8%.

No. Yes, I think it's just a function, quite frankly, of all the work that we have done on Nutrish. And we've spent a lot of dollars in marketing, supporting the brand. And the launch of Big Life is underway. We've had good sell-in for that. We're protecting the brand as well. So we really do feel that the actions we are taking on that brand are starting to pay off.

Thanks for the question. This is Mark. e-commerce is one of the key components of our growth strategy. And specifically, we talk about being everywhere, and that's critical as we think about e-commerce and so making sure that we're engaging with consumers wherever they shop. We're pretty pleased with the growth in our e-commerce business and our ability to do that profitably. Over the last 3 quarters, we've actually grown the business 50% or over 50%. And so total e-commerce sales are over 10% for the total company. Coffee specifically was up over 70%. One of the great things about e-comm is it really does allow us to get closer to our consumer, where we can understand and engage with them. 
We can make adjustments to our assortments if we need to, on the fly, and it does have high ROI. So it really is a win-win-win. It's a win for us. It's a win for our customers as well as our consumers and we really continue to remain very focused on the click-and-collect model, which is a very productive channel. And we have #1 brands there from a digital-shelf standpoint, specifically, skewing towards coffee, peanut butter and pet snacks.

We haven't previously done that. We'd probably hold off on that for now. But the e-comm business in pet was strong, up about 50%.

Ken, thanks for the question. As we always say, there's multiple levers to manage net pricing. And we're always taking a very prudent, judicious approach, one which involves partnering with our customers and making sure that we're doing the right thing by them as well as for our business. So when we take specific list price changes, there -- we're always focused on justifiable increases that are driven by cost increases or in some cases where the consumer sees value. I would point out Jif. We took pricing action recently, and we're pleased that in the last several months, the key competitors did follow that increase. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to recover.

Rob, thanks. You are correct that your interpretation of my prepared remarks were spot on. And we do see this as an ongoing trend. Just as we are looking to simplify and optimize our assortment, so are our customers and that does tend to benefit larger mainstream brands because, as there are fewer -- the tail is not as long, if you will, in certain categories. And because they're getting more efficient on shelf, there is fewer -- there will be fewer or are fewer SKUs in particular categories. In our case, it's notable in coffee and peanut butter would be 2 of the notable ones where we're benefiting from that. And what that means is not only are we staying on shelf, but in many cases, we are getting more shelf space. And so we do see that as an ongoing trend for the foreseeable future.

Sure, Rob, thanks. On coffee specifically, a lot of the volatility that you're seeing at this point in the year often is driven by some speculation because it is early in the year in terms of when coffee is planted or harvested. And so a lot of that volatility, we think, is more financially driven. So we will watch that. I think the headline here is that we, again, have multiple levers on price. We'll continue to price in a responsible way when we can. On pet, specifically, we do have pricing power, for example, in snacks, in dog food, for example, we would follow. But I think the good news about the pet industry is that the industry in total really does have a great track record of recovery in using those levers. So we do have confidence that regardless of the category or our position therein that we would continue to have the ability to recover justifiable cost increases through the various pricing levers.

And Jason, you were a little faint. I thought the last part of your question was about organization?

Yes. So a couple of things. There were a few factors in terms of our decision to realign our corporate support organization to better support our business. As you well know, consumer behavior has evolved rapidly in recent years and will continue to do so, and of course, the divestitures and then our much greater focus on the growth platforms and priority brands. So if you think about our consumer-centric strategy, we really want to create a leaner and flatter organization, ensuring that we align ownership accountability, incentives and so forth to the financial statements. And we do have high confidence this is going to make us more agile. 
So while there are decisions that do negatively impact our employees, these are very difficult decisions. We take them extremely seriously, and we only make them after very careful consideration. So from time to time, there are moments when we need to ensure the long-term health of our business. And so this is one of those moments. And as you also know, we have a very strong continuous improvement mindset. And this is one factor in that process. So just making sure that we treat our employees with the utmost respect for those that would be exiting the organization.

Yes, Jason, I understand the question. I think what you're seeing, you referenced a 2.5%, saw that, I think, in your report. I think what you're seeing is just mass media. And that -- so that was all that was in reflected in that. We have not been specific in the various channels where we spend marketing. We are -- as we've been talking about, we're very committed to that 6.5% to 7% of net sales target. And as we think about the various media channels, we evaluate them all. When we think about each of them uniquely in terms of what returns are they getting and so forth. We do fundamentally focus on reach for a lot of our brands. 
We want to reach as many consumers as we can, but there is a very strong element of targeting that we take there. As it relates to some of the media channels that are within retailers, we have participated in those from the get-go. They have a very high ROI and have helped improve our market share. So outside of that, in mass media even, we have the strongest share of voice in -- and particularly in coffee and peanut butter, for example. And so we continue to evaluate all channels and we think that the budget that we have now and going forward will be sufficient to support all of those marketing efforts and channels.

Thanks, Alexia. It's Mark. Hard to quantify but clearly a benefit. Just the fact that these consumer habits around coffee, around breakfast and lunch have changed and evolved, we do think that there is a high degree of stickiness. Our confidence in that has increased over time. And just the dynamics that I mentioned in our -- in the prepared remarks, whether specific to coffee or otherwise are really going to benefit us going forward postpandemic. K-Cup specifically have grown about 2x the category. And so if you look at our coffee category, if you take into consideration K-Cups plus the rest of the Dunkin' and Bustelo business, it's about half of our coffee business right there. So clearly, great growth. Feel good about the segments we're in, playing in the right segments and very well positioned for the future.

Thank you all for dialing in today and listening. We really appreciate it. We're very pleased with our results and the prospects for our business going forward. I hope that we left you with confidence in our key priorities around commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, clearly, the actions we've taken on reshaping our portfolio and then really wanting to ensure that we release -- unleash our organization to win. So want to take a moment to thank our employees, as always, and each of you for tuning in today. Have a great weekend.