Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
This morning, I'll begin by discussing our fourth quarter results and then transition to an update on the progress we have made over the past year on our strategic road map, which will segue into Mark Belgya's discussion of our fiscal 2019 outlook. 
We established our strategic road map to define a clear path to delivering on our 3 key financial priorities: growing the top line, achieving significant cost savings and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. 
As we reported in our earnings release this morning, both industry-wide factors and certain discrete events impacted progress in delivering against these financial priorities in the fourth quarter. While performance underdelivered for the quarter, we remain steadfast that the actions we are taking position us to deliver against each of these priorities and will create long-term shareholder value that outpaces our peers. In fact, we are seeing improved trends in the first quarter. 
Fourth quarter net sales and adjusted earnings per share were below our projections, primarily driven by results in the Coffee and Pet businesses due to a few factors. First, trade spend in the quarter was higher than planned, most notably for Folgers Roast & Ground Coffee in response to competitive activity. While elevated trade support will continue as a lever to manage price, we are making progress toward aligning our coffee portfolio with the industry by increasing our presence in both premium and one cup coffee. To this point, sales for both Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo grew 11% this year as the brands crossed the $550 million and $150 million threshold, respectively, in annual net sales. 
Second, initial customer demand for our 1850 and Dunkin' Donuts canister launches was even stronger than expected. As a result, we incurred greater-than-forecasted operating and introductory costs in response to a broader-than-anticipated launch. While these incremental costs were incurred in the fourth quarter, the majority of initial customer shipments are occurring in this quarter, the first quarter of fiscal 2019. 
Additional factors that impacted the quarter that were not in our most recent guidance included pet food recall charges and financing costs associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. Also, freight expense, although anticipated to be higher, exceeded our projections by approximately $5 million. However, despite these headwinds, we delivered stronger-than-anticipated free cash flow for the quarter and the full year. 
While not reflected in the fourth quarter financial performance, the recent actions we've taken towards transforming our business are indicative of a new pace of change and sense of urgency within our company. They validate that we are focusing on those areas where we can win, realigning our portfolio to higher growth areas and on-trend categories. 
Consider the following recent highlights. We appointed new leadership in all our strategic business areas. We created centers of excellence to ensure a relentless focus on consumer needs and improving our speed to market. We brought to market 2 of our most important innovations in recent years, 1850 premium coffee and Jif PowerUps snacks. We bolstered our premium pet food offerings with the acquisition of Ainsworth, which adds the fast-growing Rachael Ray Nutrish brand to the right segment of our portfolio. 
We moved forward aggressively with plans to explore a divestiture of a nonstrategic asset, our U.S. baking business. We recently communicated with employees our intention to consolidate our West Coast pet food offices into our Orrville corporate location to manage our largest business seamlessly with our centers of excellence. We enhanced our partnership with Keurig to be more competitive in the market and open the door to expanded distribution. And finally, we launched RIGHT SPEND, our zero-based budgeting program at the beginning of fiscal 2019. 
These actions are significant and directly aligned with our consumer-led strategy to be a food and beverage leader focused on high growth on-trend categories. These actions are also proof that we are moving faster in order to deliver growth and strengthen our financial performance. 
Further, they deliver on the 4 pillars of our strategic road map: innovation, investments, cost savings and acquisitions. Let me briefly touch on each area. I'll start with innovation, where products introduced in the past 3 years delivered nearly $500 million or 7% of fiscal 2018 net sales. As we begin 2019, initial reads on the introduction of our 1850 premium coffee brand are strong. The product, which was developed through our new approach innovation, tested well with not only traditional Folgers drinkers but also a younger generation of consumers who prefer bolder coffee blend. 
The initial 1850 launch spans 17 SKUs and retailer interest has been strong, with customer acceptance rates and the number of shelf facings exceeding our expectations. To drive consumer awareness, we developed a comprehensive PR and marketing program, which is just getting underway. We are very encouraged with the reaction to the launch, and initial product shipments will continue throughout the first quarter. We expect 1850 to be a growth platform for years to come. 
We are similarly optimistic about Jif PowerUps, our new line of snack bars and peanut butter clusters that began shipping in May. This on-trend product extends the power of the Jif brand into the fast-growing snacking category while tapping continued interest in protein-based snacks. Like 1850, we are supporting the launch of Jif PowerUps with significant retailer and consumer investments, including an integrated PR and marketing campaign with a celebrity endorsement. We view these investments as essential to success for a launch of this magnitude. 
In Pet, recent product introductions include Pup-Peroni jerky bites and new varieties of Milo's Kitchen premium dog treats. With real meat as the number one ingredient, these items expand our presence in the natural meat snacks category, which has grown 15% over the past 52 weeks. 
Late this fiscal year, we look forward to new launches that will expand the reach of our iconic Milk-Bone brand into key pet snack segments. All of these innovations underscore our commitment to adapting to market trends. We recognize that these efforts will be essential to compete in our dynamic industry. 
Turning to the second pillar of the road map, which is investments. Momentum for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand remain strong, with company-wide sales up 15% this year, marking the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth. In 2018, the brand surpassed the $250 million level in annual net sales, as we produced and sold more than 500 million sandwiches over the course of the year. With construction of our new facility in Longmont, Colorado on track for completion in fiscal 2020, this will provide capacity to further accelerate growth as we expect to double net sales for Uncrustables to more than $500 million over the next 5 years. 
We are now more than a year into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature's Recipe premium dog food brand, and we continue to see a positive response and good momentum. Net sales for the brand were up 20% in the fourth quarter, even while lapping the prior year launch, and up 33% on a full year basis. In addition, consumer takeaway for our mainstream dog food brands continues to significantly outperform the overall dry dog food category. This growth occurred despite increased competitive activity in the mass premium space. We expect Nature's Recipe will serve as a strong complement to the newly acquired Nutrish brand, which I will discuss in a moment. 
We are also a year into the launch of the Jif brand in Canada, and the brand has quickly gained share in the peanut butter market. This contributed to company-wide sales for Jif growing 3% for the year. 
Lastly, on the topic of investments, e-commerce remains a significant area of strategic focus. While still a small base, with just over 2% of 2018 U.S. Retail sales coming from the e-commerce channel, sales were up 71% this year, with pet food brands up 64% and coffee sales in the channel more than doubling. We continue to expect 5% of our net sales will come from the pure play e-commerce channel by fiscal 2020 and an even greater percentage when factoring in click-and-collect models. 
As you can see, in addition to supporting innovation, we will also increase investment in several of our core brands. These investments are essential to support growth in the long-term health of our brands. 
The third pillar of our strategic road map is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in top line growth and margin protection and expansion. In 2018, we realized our $200 million pet food synergy target while continuing to make progress on our other cost-savings programs. This included our new K-Cup agreement, which has led to improved economics, increased distribution and additional SKUs. 
As a result, net sales for our U.S. K-Cup portfolio grew 11% for the year, with Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo K-Cups both up over 20%. Due to the improved profitability of K-Cups, margins are now consistent across all of our coffee segments, which is critical given our strategic focus on growing our premium and one cup segments. 
For fiscal 2019, we have implemented RIGHT SPEND to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization and deliver a portion of the overall fiscal 2019 savings. By the end of the fiscal year, we will also relocate our pet food offices in both San Francisco and Burbank to our corporate offices in Orrville, furthering collaboration and enhanced agility while improving cost efficiency. 
The final pillar of our strategic road map is acquisitions. Last month, we completed the Ainsworth transaction and welcomed a very talented team to the Smucker family. We are extremely excited to add Rachael Ray Nutrish, a high-growth premium brand that has been a catalyst in transforming the dog food category in grocery and mass channels. 
With distribution expansion opportunities and significant growth prospects in cat food and pet snacks, the addition of Nutrish will accelerate growth in our pet business. While the deal closed less than a month ago, we are already progressing toward a seamless integration of people, processes and systems into our pet business by the end of the fiscal year. 
While growth through acquisitions plays a key role in our strategy, we have also demonstrated a willingness to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus and direction. Given our focus on growing our coffee, pet and snack food businesses, in April of this year, we announced our intent to explore a divestiture of our U.S. baking brand and business. We are moving forward in the process and anticipate providing future updates in the coming months. 
Fiscal 2019 will be a year of continued transformation and growth. As I mentioned, stepped-up investments in our brand and innovation are imperative to adapting to market trends. Although for 2019, a significant portion is in support of our innovation launches, we expect to sustain these increased investments in consumer marketing in future years. Through cost-savings programs and the benefit of U.S. tax reform, we have the resources to compete responsibly while, at the same time, increase fiscal 2019 adjusted earnings per share by 6% to 9%. 
In wrapping up, here are a few thoughts we hope you took away from my comments. While we are not satisfied with our fourth quarter performance, we are positioned for long-term success in some of the best food categories: coffee, pet food, peanut butter, snacking. We have a strong mix of leading iconic brands and emerging on-trend brands, as evidenced by full year 2018 sales growth for Smucker's, Jif, Milk-Bone, Dunkin' Donuts, Café Bustelo, Smucker's Uncrustables and Nature’s Recipe, which underscores our ability to react to and capitalize on changing consumer needs. 
We are taking and will continue to evaluate appropriate actions to align our portfolio to growth whether through innovation, acquisitions, divestitures or improving capabilities and execution in key areas. And finally, our cost-savings initiatives, along with benefits of income tax reform, allow us to mitigate headwinds in certain parts of our businesses and provide fuel to invest in our brands and our resources. 
Let me close my comments by thanking all of our employees for their efforts this past year and their continued dedication as we move forward. We are confident we have the right team in place to deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. We recognize that there is still more work to do as part of our company's transformation. We also know that we can't stand still, and we'll continue to adapt to changes in our industry and consumer preferences. We look forward to providing future updates at an Investor Day in New York City on October 9, as our talented leadership team will share more details on the strategic road map for their respective businesses. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark.

Andrew, if I could -- this is Mark Smucker. Just a couple of things. I think I've repeated myself a lot in the script but wanted to just -- 2 key points. The first is, I really want you guys to take away from the discussion today that we've made a lot of progress in terms of realigning our portfolio to the growth segments. As you know, we've got more work to do. And at the end of the day, we are executing our strategy. But as it relates specifically to marketing, if you look at our marketing investment, in our consumer marketing, over the last decade or so, you will see that our -- we have actually eroded our marketing spend to the tune of about $80 million, and that is simply not acceptable. And so as a result of that erosion -- and yes, some of it did go into trade. But as a result of that erosion, we have made choices into particular years about supporting core brands versus innovation. And we've got to ensure that we are supporting our brands for the long term, or we will watch the health of those brands deteriorate. And so if you think about the launch of Nature’s Recipe 1.5 years ago, we spent significantly behind that launch. Similarly, with these 2 innovations and with any innovation, we've got to commit to the support. And then over time, that significant investment would shift to other innovations, and we would see the second or third year after a launch, we would see support come down for those launches to some maintenance level that would continue to support. But we've got to make sure that if you look at our marketing as a percent of net sales, we need to be more in line with the rest of the industry in terms of what we're supporting, both our new products, our new brands as well as our core business. So that really is a key message going forward.

So thanks for the question, David. So first of all, the first thing I would remind everyone is that, as you know, we've been in business for 121 years. We've managed for the long term, and we've over -- although we haven't done this over the last 3 years or so, we have overdelivered in terms of shareholder return. But in order to continue to do that in this environment, as you know and as we've talked over the last year or so, these changes are necessary in order to position ourselves for long-term growth. And so our confidence is bolstered by the fact that everywhere that we've invested in our portfolio, if you go back to my prepared comments, every brand that we've invested in has grown. Yes, we've had some drag from the oils and baking business. Part of that is because we consciously chose to back off on investment. And so we -- where we are focused, there is no question that we're actually seeing results. As it relates to pricing, we still feel confident, and we've demonstrated that we can get pricing through, particularly where we have leading brands. There are a few areas where we're not the leading brand, where we do tend to follow, but for the vast majority of our category, we are able to lead. We use both -- in the case of coffee, in the current environment, we've used trade to affect price versus taking a list price decline. So we do use different levers to affect price. And then as I said in previous quarters, as we go to our customers, and we have justifiable price movements, we can and have been successful getting those through. One of the questions you all have asked us is, is it more difficult? I would tell you that it's -- it is taking a little bit longer. There are -- there is more discussion about pricing, particularly increases. But I would say, in almost every case, we've continued to be successful in getting those -- that pricing through.

I'll start, Ken, this is Mark Smucker. And thanks actually for that question. So you are absolutely right, the risks that you highlighted are risks that we have very carefully considered. And I want to say that the team, particularly, San Francisco being the largest of the pet offices, we have a fantastic team. And they're great people, they're passionate about the business. I don't think this is similar to Kashi because this is our largest business. It is predominantly a mainstream business that resides in more or less similar channels, yes there is pet specialty, which are unique channels, but I think if you think about it being our largest business and the ability for it to fully leverage the capabilities that we've built, colocating the business with some of those capabilities is really key. As it relates to talent, we are working hard to retain and attract several of our key folks there. And so far, we've had some very nice wins. So we are keenly aware of the risks, and we are doing everything that we possibly can to ensure that we mitigate them. I don't know if...

Okay, Pablo. It's Mark Smucker, I'll start and then we'll just go around the table here. Thank you for the question on leadership because we were expecting that and gives us the opportunity to speak to it a little bit more. So first of all, you mentioned Steve and Barry, both of whom are very seasoned leaders, managers with the company. Similarly, I would tell you that Dave on Pet, Joe on Coffee and Tina on Food are, quite frankly, some of our best leaders in the company. They are very seasoned. They all have 20-plus years with the company. They have worked in various functions and businesses, in some cases, actually in -- I think in every case, they've all been mentored by Mr. Oakland and then to -- also to some degree, Barry. And so there's a tremendous amount of depth of knowledge, understanding of the consumer and clear leadership capabilities both in managing people and businesses and all of them have delivered results and growth in their various roles with the company. Dave in Pet is probably the newest and although he's been on these calls in the past in his current or former role, you all, will get an opportunity to get to know him a little bit better. He, obviously, comes from Canada and has spent a tremendous amount of time managing an extremely complex business in a very concentrated customer environment. And I think that positions him well to manage Pet, which, one could argue, is probably our most complex business as well. And also is a very concentrated customer environment. So those are some of the reasons why I just feel tremendously confident in this team. And I have very, very high hopes for them. So thank you for the question.

What was that? Sorry?

And Pablo, this is Mark Smucker, again. Just one final point on Ainsworth. One of the reasons that we're so excited about it is that the growth potential, the growth of that team has achieved, and we believe that there is room to grow. I mean, there's plenty of opportunity on that brand, and we think that there's definitely upside. I will also say that the team, that team, which is primarily located in Pittsburgh is a fantastic team also. They are incredibly passionate and their leader, Jeff Waters, who is a seasoned pet expert or pet -- he's got a tremendous amount of years of experience in pet, has agreed to stay on and continue to drive that growth. So we're very pleased that we still have a great team there as well and very confident in that group of people.

Scott, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that we have seen this type of pressure in the past. We've been in the business a long time, and there are moments in our history and in the industry's history where our retail partners push harder than others and that this happens to be one of those times. As Mark said, we have incredibly strong relationships with our customers, which have helped us clearly. But then I would just go back to the very first question that Andrew asked is that we have an obligation to strengthen the bond between our brands and our consumers. And in the classic sense of a push versus a pull strategy, to the extent that we are successful in strengthening the bond, the emotional bond between consumers and our brands and consumers are demanding our brands, whether they be large or small brands, that also allows us to continue to grow our business. So it's not just about getting, selling in our brands with our customers, it is about engaging with our consumers actively and investing in that -- in those efforts.

We haven't taken a lot of price -- actually I might turn to Tina, but we haven't taken a lot of price up in the last, well, year-ish because commodities have been lower. We would expect competitors to follow, but I think that's a question probably for the future. And I think Tina might have a couple of comments.

I think some of it was just timing.

So Rob, this is Mark Smucker. So I know you guys are looking at Nielsen data, and we get IRI for our categories as well. And then just reconciling that to shipments and consumption, we are seeing -- we're -- it's early in the quarter, we're not quite halfway through the first quarter, but we've seen some pretty positive trends. I would, of note, coffee, so we're seeing some of that turnaround. And just looking at some of the -- obviously, the new products as well, we were off to a good start there. But even in base coffee, we're seeing some -- a little bit of pickup as well. So I think that's why, hopefully, you'll see some of that translate into the consumption numbers in the next 4 weeks or so. I don't know if you guys have anything to add. You good?

Okay, thank you all. I know it's a long call. I really appreciate you guys hanging in there. Obviously, very important call, given the quarter and what we're doing. But I really do hope that you all came away with the same level of confidence that we have in the actions we're taking to realign our portfolio, focusing on the growth segments, and again, just encouraged by our efforts paying off wherever we focus. So still work to do, we acknowledge that. But again, I think, as always, we want to thank our employees, they're awesome. And they are really what allows us to succeed, and they will continue to help us drive success going forward. So thank you for all your support, and have a good weekend.