Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
I would like to begin by acknowledging the challenging times we all continue to live through as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. At Smucker, we are united in our commitment to support those most impacted. We are focused on maintaining employee wellness and supporting our communities, retaining our high-quality and safety manufacturing standards and partnering closely with our suppliers and retailers to ensure we can deliver food for consumers and their pets. I am extremely proud and thankful for our employees, who have fully embraced our Thriving Together philosophy, which defines success as driving business growth while also helping those associated with our company thrive. This approach means we take an active role in helping our consumers, supply chains, communities, and the planet. 
Our teams adapted to a rapidly changing environment by drawing on the strength of our production capabilities and responding quickly to customer and consumer needs. Our fourth quarter results, including record net sales and adjusted earnings per share performance, are a direct reflection of the dedication and agility of our teams. 
The quarter's net sales increased by 10% versus the prior year, driven by the change in consumption patterns due to COVID-19. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.57, an increase of 24%, benefiting from increased sales, improved profit margins related to mix and operating leverage and reduced marketing expense, partially offset by increased costs related to COVID-19. For the full year, net sales were flat to the prior year at $7.8 billion, which, on an organic basis, was an increase of 1%. Adjusted earnings per share was $8.76, an increase of 6%. And free cash flow was $986 million, an increase of 26%. 
Through February, fourth quarter results were tracking in line with our previous guidance, which called for full year net sales to decrease 3% or 2% on an organic basis compared to the prior year and full year adjusted EPS of $8.10 to $8.30. 
In March, the COVID-19 pandemic led to stay-at-home orders across the world, which resulted in unprecedented demand as consumers loaded their pantries and consumed more food and beverages at home. To maximize product availability and achieve greater operational efficiency, we produced limited SKUs within the coffee and consumer food segments and allocated shipments across our customer base as demand began to outpace production for certain products, notably for Jif Peanut Butter and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. Consumer takeaway in measured channels increased 40% across our portfolio in March with growth of 72% for consumer foods, 37% for coffee and 20% for pet. 
In April, elevated demand continued in the coffee and consumer food segment. For pet food, consumer takeaway reversed in April as pet parents began depleting the initial March stock-up purchases. Consumption for pets generally did not increase with the exception of some additional treating as pet parents spent more time at home. 
While stay-at-home orders drove significant growth for all our retail businesses, these orders severely reduced demand for the Away From Home business as restaurants, lodging, schools and many offices closed. The Away From Home experienced a sales decline of 15% for the quarter and nearly 50% in April. Our ability to deliver a fourth quarter sales increase of 10% for the total company reinforces the strength of our execution capabilities in a challenging environment. More broadly, the work we have done to transform the company over the last few years, and our commitment to our strategic growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere supported these exceptional results. 
I'll share a few examples of the accomplishments that highlight our strong execution in the fourth quarter. Let me begin with lead in the best categories. Our portfolio is tailored toward growing in attractive categories where our brands have leadership positions. Over 90% of the growth for consumer products in March and April was driven by established or leading brands, those not only recognizable by consumers, but also with the ability to quickly scale production to support the surge in demand. 
In the pet food category, our market-leading dog snacks and cat food businesses continue to deliver strong net sales growth. Sales for dog snacks, led by the Milk-Bone brand, grew 12%; and cat food, led by the Meow Mix brand, grew 19% with our cat food market share improving over a 0.5 point in the 13-week period and 2.5 points in April. In dog food, strong growth for our mainstream and value brands was more than offset by the anticipated declines for the Natural Balance and Rachael Ray Nutrish brands. The declines for Natural Balance were primarily attributable to the pet specialty channel, which experienced declines in foot traffic, as consumers made fewer stops during their shopping trips and shifted purchases to the grocery and e-commerce channels. 
For Nutrish dog food, volume mix, consumer takeaway and household penetration all grew during the quarter. As anticipated, net sales declined following over 20% growth in the prior year fourth quarter, primarily related to sell-in from distribution expansion and higher pricing. 
Despite an uncertain economic recovery, our pet portfolio is uniquely positioned to perform well with a breadth of options to meet consumer needs across the full spectrum of value, mainstream, premium and super premium offerings. 
Turning to our coffee business. As the market leader in the at-home coffee category, we benefited from increased at-home consumption. We gained dollar and volume share during the quarter for all brands across the mainstream, one cup and instant formats. Over 1 million new households tried the Folgers, Dunkin' or Café Bustelo brands in the quarter with 75% of those households purchasing Folgers for the first time during the last 12 months. We have tailored our marketing strategies to engage these new users and increase loyalty to our brands. 
In snacking, our Smucker's Uncrustables business continued to deliver exceptional growth. Full year sales for the brand increased 26% and accelerated to a 50% increase in the fourth quarter. The brand benefited from increased capacity provided by the new Longmont, Colorado manufacturing facility. We anticipate being able to further increase capacity in early calendar year 2021. 
Demand for the #1 lunch sandwich in the U.S., peanut butter and jelly extended beyond Uncrustables as total net sales in retail channels increased double digits for both the category-leading Jif Peanut Butter and Smucker's Fruit Spreads core products. As consumer takeaway for peanut butter continues to outpace our available production, we have temporarily suspended all promotions. Further, we project higher peanut costs in fiscal year 2021, driven by reduced peanut crop yields and increased consumer demand. 
Shifting to our growth imperative to build brands consumers love. Last year, we reinvigorated our largest brands with breakthrough advertising across multiple media and social platforms to support long-term growth. Stepped-up investments in marketing included projected spend of approximately 6.5% to 7% of net sales. For the quarter, marketing was 5.7% of net sales and 6.4% of net sales for the full year, just below prior estimates due to the higher-than-projected sales in the fourth quarter and reduced spend due to COVID-19. 
In fiscal 2020, we launched new advertising campaigns for 10 of our largest brands. We are continuing this momentum with prioritized marketing investments for our key growth platforms of premium pet food and pet snacks and coffee and are planning to run the first national marketing campaign for Smucker's Uncrustables in the second half of the fiscal year. 
Increased data provided by shifts in consumer behavior during the quarter allows us to further refine our marketing efforts with a focus on developing strategies to retain consumers, who are new to our brands. 
Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere, ensuring our brands are available whenever and wherever consumers shop, and that our interactions with consumers and products are available on demand and across more channels than ever before. Research has indicated that during these turbulent times, 1 out of 5 shoppers switched their primary grocery store, choosing retailers with availability of their preferred products and enhanced online capabilities, which further underscores the importance of this imperative. 
In the quarter, our pure-play e-commerce sales grew 66%, led by pet food with over 60% growth and coffee with more than 90% growth. Pure-play sales accounted for nearly 7% of total U.S. retail and beat our goal of 5% for the full year. Further, when accounting for total online sales, inclusive of omnichannel retailers, over 10% of our U.S. retail sales were through e-commerce in the quarter with the largest driver of growth coming from click-and-collect purchases. We anticipate continued strong e-commerce growth as 65% of consumers expect to use digital shopping channels more frequently in the future. 
I want to highlight one final accomplishment before shifting focus to fiscal year 2021 priorities. We completed the evolution of our senior leadership team. John Brase joined the company as Chief Operating Officer; and Cory Onell joined us as the Head of U.S. Retail Sales. Tucker Marshall transitioned into the role of CFO as of May 1, and Rob Ferguson was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President and General Manager, U.S. Retail Pet Food and Snacks this week. All of these individuals bring tremendous experience in CPG to our team. And I am confident that with the strength of our leadership team, we are well positioned to execute our strategy and deliver through this dynamic period. 
I would now like to shift attention to fiscal year 2021. The unprecedented environment caused by COVID-19 has drastically shifted assumptions across the industry, including the preliminary direction we provided for fiscal year 2021. The increased contribution from the initial stock-up purchasing in the fourth quarter, a significant headwind throughout 2021 for the Away From Home business and incremental costs related to COVID-19 will be only partially offset by at home consumption growth for our coffee and consumer foods businesses. This will result in year-over-year declines for both sales and adjusted earnings per share. Excluding the COVID-19-related benefits in fiscal 2020 and the anticipated impact in fiscal 2021, we expect both top and bottom line growth driven by the positive momentum for our key categories and brands, along with incremental benefits from ongoing cost savings initiatives. 
We will continue to focus on executing our long-term consumer-centric growth strategy while strengthening financial discipline. In the near term, this means focusing on executing 4 key priorities this fiscal year that are critical to ensuring we continue the underlying momentum and we achieve our financial goals for this year and beyond. These include, first, continued progress toward driving consistent net sales growth. This means capitalizing on increased demand within our consumer foods, coffee and international retail businesses, improving the growth trajectory of our pet business and adapting our brand-building activities to win in a period of economic contraction. Second, an increased focus on financial discipline to maintain or improve our strong profit margins and cash flow generation. This includes a total company commitment to productivity, a new margin management program and collaboration and transparency with our retail partners to provide value to consumers consistent with pricing that reflects cost changes where appropriate. 
Third is to harness our full suite of capabilities to improve our commercial execution and build competitive advantage. We have invested in new capabilities and implemented several changes to our organization structure aimed at increasing agility and enhancing our category leadership abilities. We must market our brands effectively, deliver on balanced innovation and win across all channels. 
Fourth and finally is the continued commitment to our purpose by feeding and fortifying connections. Now more than ever, it is important to strengthen connections with all our stakeholders, including our consumers, customers, suppliers, employees, communities and our shareholders. I look forward to our team providing detailed insights into these priorities and our long-term strategy when we hold an Investor Day on October 13. More details on the logistics will be shared in the coming months. 
In closing, I want to reiterate my appreciation and admiration of our employees for their efforts this past year and their continued commitment as we move ahead. We recognize there is still more work to do, but we will continue to adapt as the company has successfully done for more than 120 years. I would like to also, once again, acknowledge Mark Belgya, who has been instrumental in the transformation of our company over the last 35 years, including 15 years as the CFO. Also, I would like to welcome Tucker Marshall, who assumed the CFO role on May 1, and I look forward to working with him in the years to come. 
I will now turn the call over to him.

Andrew, it's Mark. I'll start, and Tucker will add on here. But first of all, I think what we've seen through the COVID situation is, obviously, first and foremost, we had to make sure that we're doing the right things for our customers and consumers. Because, clearly, in a crisis of this magnitude, we have an obligation to consumers, the citizens of North America, where we do business, to make sure that we supply safe and consistent food supply. And what we have seen through that is a -- first of all, we are in resilient categories. And strategically, our 3 growth imperatives are right. In other words, we've demonstrated that we were able to lead in these categories to continue to support the health and building of the brands, and then, of course, making sure that our products could -- and brands could be everywhere. So given that and given that consumers have -- we have seen a return to a number of trusted brands, that and a host of other things, gives us confidence that we can maintain some of this momentum going into this next fiscal year despite the headwinds that we are facing.

Yes. There are 2 separate things, to be honest. But to answer your question specifically, Andrew, on margin management, we have been -- every year, we have a continuous improvement mindset. So we continue to look at cost discipline across all of our businesses and functions every year. This is basically an evolution of those efforts, making sure that as we continue to challenge our cost structure, that we are making decisions that essentially would be permanent decisions. These are not temporary exercises, but ensuring that our cost structure is right for the company that we are and wish to become. Pricing, we -- it was in the script. We are seeing increased costs on peanuts and on coffee. There is a number of components, particularly in the coffee, in terms of how we get to a total delivered cost. So to the extent, obviously, we're very cautious in monitoring all of the various price gouging laws that are out there, but we do expect to be able to recover in a prudent and very well-justified way those cost increases throughout the year.

Ken, thank you for the question. I would start by just highlighting that -- a couple of things. The team itself in terms of the people is one of the strongest teams or maybe the strongest team we've ever had with incredible CPG experience. I would highlight as well, particularly not only the new members of the team, but even those who have been promoted within, have a strong track record of delivering results. And so I couldn't be happier with the team itself. 
The structure, as you know, hiring a COO and John coming in, had been contemplated for some time. So I think I may have said this before, is that when I became CEO, I wanted to stay closer to the businesses, but had a pretty clear sense that a COO would be required down the road. And I'm very pleased in terms of the way that this leadership team has been structured. It's a little more streamlined. It's going to help drive accountability. 
And then more specifically, to answer your questions, I will tell you, the dialogue in the room is as rich as it's ever been. There have been a number of -- there's always differing opinions. I will say the conversations always take place with a tremendous amount of mutual respect, and we always get to a place of alignment. Ultimately, though, strategy is my responsibility. And so this structure will allow me to more consistently focus on the strategy of the company. The fundamentals of that strategy, which you already know, we believe, still are the right fundamentals. And this particular structure will allow for a greater degree of agility and execution of that strategy.

David, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. I think if I could just make one broad generalization and then maybe give you a little bit of color on the Away From Home business to provide a bit of confidence there, the generalization is that if you think about some of the assumptions that we've made around COVID, basically, we are assuming a prolonged and gradual return to normal. I would just leave it at that. Obviously, we know things can change and so forth, but that is -- the numbers that we have given and the breadth of the range are really intended to provide you guys with some degree of transparency given that it is down from where we finished this year, and we felt that it was important to provide that to you all. 
The second piece, just on the Away From Home business, just to give you a sense because we really don't talk a lot about the Away From Home business, it's -- it had been projected to be just shy of about a $600 million business. It essentially consists of coffee, branded tabletop products that you would see in restaurants and hotels, like the little portion controls of jams and peanut butters, and Uncrustables. In coffee, it consists of a roasting ground business, much of which is in offices, and then a liquid coffee business that is dispensed through equipment that we distribute with the product is basically concentrated coffee that is dispensed in customized drinks or high volumes. 
So what I would like to leave you with is that the underlying trends of that business are very strong. Pre COVID, we had been gaining share across all of those segments. And even during COVID, even though the sales are down significantly, we have also continued to see some share growth in those segments. Uncrustables as a segment is still -- we anticipate, is going to do okay. And the health care channel, of course, is going to continue to do okay, but it's the coffee and sort of those tabletop businesses that we would anticipate to be down. So I know that we don't talk about the Away From Home business a lot, and I think it -- I just wanted to give you guys a little bit of sense of what's in there, and, obviously, just acknowledging our Away From Home team has been fantastic and the gentlemen's work in terms of what they've been doing these last several months. So I just wanted to acknowledge them.

So first of all, we have 2 plants on Jif. We anticipated this question might come up. So first of all, I just want to say we are not apologizing for the performance on Jif. It has been fantastic. We're lapping a huge Q4 of last year that we did not think that we could beat. And I will tell you that the Jif performance is one of the things that I'm most proud of during this time. The latest 12 takeaway is about 26%, and we have been gaining share in the prior 3 quarters. The second, third and fourth quarters, we're clearly the leader. We're on a much larger base. None of the other players in the category have sold as much peanut butter as we have in the last few months, and we tended to be the brand that would first sell out in stores. So we quickly pivoted to full capacity at both of our plants. We streamlined the product offerings to the most productive SKUs. And so some of those flanker items have not been on shelves for months. But I will tell you that we are working to get a close to full assortment back on shelf in the next few months, and we will be launching some innovation as well. So we are very confident. I will tell you, we're selling everything that we can make, and that has been the discipline around making sure that we get peanut butter to the various customers in a fair and equitable way has really been our focus, and just really proud of the work there. And we will -- you will see, we believe, have confidence that our share numbers will return to growth as we get the assortment and the innovation up -- back up and running.

Thank you for the question. This is Mark. So just a couple of foundational things about the pet category. Yes, we saw a spike in March. That was really related to just stock-up, a little bit of panic buying, and then the subsequent de-load. I think the fundamental thing to remember is that pets always eat at home, right? So pets are not eating at home more than they used to. They always eat at home. And so the pet category, particularly the pet food segment of the category, is relatively immune to the effects of the pandemic and the stock-up buying. That's why our projections for the pet business have been relatively consistent even through the dynamic of the pandemic. We have seen some additional good performance on snacks, pet snacks because humans are at home more and they are giving their pets more treats. So we have seen some increase there. And we have seen, as you've pointed out, very strong performance in mainstream brands. As consumers are watching their wallets a little more, there's probably a little bit less money in their pockets across the board. We have seen very strong performance in our cat portfolio as well as Kibbles 'n Bits we commented in the prepared remarks. And so those mainstream, both cat and dog food brands, are doing very well.

Chris, it's Mark. Second part of your question, I'll answer first. We did delay the launches of a few new products, but it's pretty much minimal. So we have actually gotten those launches back in the pipeline. And we are scheduled to launch them with -- in most cases, probably a few months delay. So we have gotten those things back on track. 
And the first part of your question -- oh, marketing. So we will continue to spend against our brands. We have been very successful in becoming more efficient from a marketing perspective in terms of finding ways to strip out nonworking marketing dollars. So that the dollars that we are spending are very effective and efficient. We will continue to prioritize those marketing investments against those brands that we think have the most upside, so, for example, Nutrish and Uncrustables being 2 notable ones. So again, just making sure that we are as effective as we can with our marketing dollars.

Rob (sic) [ Matt ], thanks. So this is Mark again. That was a lot, but I will do my best to answer it. First of all, on marketing, a couple of things. Our brands are performing. You mentioned promotions in there, and we have pulled back on promotions on things like peanut butter and coffee, in part because the customers have asked us to do that, and also because there isn't a need to promote as much because consumers -- those products are in very high demand. And similarly, the marketing dollars that we have out there, some of those brands don't need as much marketing support in this current environment because the brands are selling themselves. In some cases, we have actually pulled certain advertising campaigns off-air because we felt that the themes in those advertising campaigns were not appropriate for the current environment. So for example, Jif and Dunkin' both had advertising that sort of had an apocalypse theme. We've pulled those. So that's just one example. 
Moving forward, as we have obviously engaged with consumers a lot over these past few months, there is a lot more data available. And so it affords us the opportunity to tailor our marketing efforts, more specifically to different tribes of consumers or what have you. So I would not say, in any way, that we are taking our foot off the gas. We still launched 10 new campaigns this past year, and we're going to keep pushing against almost every one of those. We're just going to be laser-focused on which brands, as I said earlier, are going to get the most resources and really make sure that we're tailoring those efforts. 
As to your question about allocations, I would say the worst of it is over, at least given the spike. We mentioned in the script, the peanut butter and Uncrustables both experienced some allocations. And as I already said, we are getting our fuller assortment back on shelves. So from an allocation standpoint, I would tell you, we believe that we are past the biggest constrained period.

Alexia, the short answer is yes. We, in -- almost everywhere, we really do have the requisite capacity, the highest demand products. Again, peanut butter and Uncrustables have been very high, obviously, coffee as well, but we do have enough capacity to service what we are viewing the demand will be over the next several quarters.

Yes. Alexia, I think I understand your question. Our sales team is incented to obviously sell profitably. And so we are focused on making sure that we are really getting the products to where they need to be. If you think about e-commerce, what was interesting about this quarter was that we did see a large increase in click-and-collect sales, which tend to have profitability more in line with brick-and-mortar. I will also say that even our e-commerce, our pure-play e-commerce sales, which are up significantly, notably on smaller brands like 1850, we are making progress to ensuring that our profitability across all channels is relatively in line.

You there, Jason?

Yes.

Jason, it's Mark. Just the easy answer to your first question about the destock, it is just timing, and it's just the way that -- as what we're seeing from consumer takeaway would indicate to us that folks, as they stocked up in March, is just taking a little bit of time through this quarter for them to get through the product that's in their pantries.

John, thank you for asking that question. If you rewind the clock, we did put a lot of focus on just a couple of brands in our portfolio, notably Jif and our Jif Power Ups and 1850. As you know, we've made a difficult but correct decision on Power Ups, given the profit trajectory of that brand. We don't view it as a failed launch, but I think it required a bit more discipline on the profitability side. As it relates to 1850, and then I will answer your question more broadly, we are not giving up on 1850. It does have upside. In fact, it is doing exceptionally well online, and we're able to just recently secure some additional brick-and-mortar distribution for that brand. So we still feel that 1850 has runway. It's never going to be a $0.5 billion brand, but it does play a role in our portfolio. 
But I would point out to you that in the fiscal year that we just finished, as we look at all new products in aggregate and the way we measure that, as many companies do, is products launched in the last 3 years in a -- or in a rolling fashion are those that we consider new products. Those new products in totality contribute about $360 million to our top line during the year. So I would submit to you that although we were shining the spotlight on a few brands, when you look across our portfolio more broadly, innovation is still incredibly important, and we will continue to drive innovation. Notable innovations that we'll be seeing this year would be on Jif and Nutrish, among others. So it still plays a key role in our portfolio.

That's a difficult one to answer. I would say that a couple of things that are important to highlight is what has come to light is that our brands do matter to consumers. And many -- our stated strategic vision is to inspire and delight consumers. And I will tell you that if you look at Folgers, how many new households that we penetrated with Folgers that many consumers have sort of rediscovered their delight for our brands. And that is the key thing that we really must leverage as we move forward with our marketing efforts to make sure that those feelings, those sensations about our brands truly do stick. 
As it relates to customers, it's a little early to really give a sense there, but I -- and I do think customers will think -- this will cause customers to think differently about how they merchandise in their store. But I am hopeful and cautiously optimistic that we will see a return to or a greater support of some of these leading brands, which maybe heretofore were considered slightly lackluster. So even with a brand like Folgers, which we saw tremendous growth and tremendous improvement in household penetration, we will continue to reinvigorate, to think about how we market those brands in a new and more contemporary way.

Well, traditionally, our brands and categories tend to perform reasonably well during times which are economically challenged, and, I guess, I would just leave it at that.

Yes. I just -- first of all, I wanted to thank each and every one for tuning in today. I know it was a bit of a longer call, but we felt that it was important to try to get as much information out there as we could. And just thank you for your patience and your attention. 
Most importantly, though, I would like to thank our employees, who have truly risen to the occasion to serve our nations. And I could not be prouder of the work that we've done considering that we have been working virtually now for several months. And the pivot to agility and focus has been noticeable and phenomenal. So I just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our employees. And thank you all for listening.