Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we get into our detailed results, I will begin with the changes to our leadership structure that we announced last week. First, after nearly 35 years at Smucker and 15 years as our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Belgya announced he will retire on September 1, 2020. Mark will be succeeded by Tucker Marshall, our current Vice President of Finance. The transition will begin on Monday, as Tucker will become Senior Vice President and Deputy CFO. He will succeed Mark as CFO on May 1, 2020, following completion of our current fiscal year. Mark has agreed to stay on as Vice Chair until his retirement, ensuring a seamless transition. 
Since joining Smucker 7 years ago, Tucker has become an integral part of the Smucker organization. He brings significant financial management experience and a deep understanding of the company. He has the respect and confidence of his colleagues and the Board, and I am looking forward to partnering with him in the years to come. 
The second announcement was the evolution of our executive leadership structure. This new structure is designed to improve the execution of our strategy, enhance accountability and streamline decision-making to ensure we move with speed and agility to deliver on our strategic and financial priorities. 
The change in structure includes the creation of a Chief Operating Officer role. We have initiated a search for an executive who will provide strategic and operational oversight of our business units as well as our operations and supply chain. 
We also started the process to identify a new leader of our U.S. sales organization. 
In addition, we have initiated a search for new pet leaders -- for new leadership of our pet food business which, in the interim, will be led by Rob Ferguson, an officer of the company who has 14 years of management experience in the pet category. Prior to joining Smucker, Rob served as a member of the executive leadership team of Big Heart Pet Brands. Rob has demonstrated a strong track record of leading change and driving results for our company, including being instrumental to the integration of both pet business acquisitions and the delivery of over $250 million of synergies. 
Further supporting the pet business, Jeff Watters, former President and CEO of Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, will serve as a strategic adviser. 
I am confident these changes ensure the alignment of a team that has deep knowledge of the Smucker businesses and our industry. The new executive leadership team will continue to refine our strategy and evaluate our portfolio of brands, ensuring we remain focused on delivering growth and creating value for our shareholders. 
Let me now discuss our second quarter results. We were able to offset softness in sales of certain brands to generate adjusted earnings per share above our projection, reflecting benefits of the targeted actions we are taking to prioritize financial discipline across the business. At a high level, these actions include: increasing focus on investments in consumer-facing marketing; reprioritizing company-wide resources and initiatives to increase focus on key growth platforms such as Uncrustables and premium pet food; and reducing discretionary spending. 
Through these diligent actions, we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.26 compared to $2.17 in the prior year, representing growth of 4%. While pleased with our earnings results, our aggregate net sales performance does not reflect the potential of our brands or the progress we are making toward our strategic growth imperatives. We are committed to improving top line performance and taking decisive corrective actions where necessary. 
Net sales declined 1% compared to the prior year excluding prior year sales related to the divested U.S. baking business and foreign exchange. While total sales were slightly below our projection, there were many highlights during the quarter including strong performance for key brands within snacking, coffee and pet food. 
Beginning with snacking, sales grew 18% including double-digit growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables, Sahale Snacks and Jif Power Ups brand. We expect further acceleration for snacking in the third and fourth quarters with the increased production capacity for Uncrustables and expanded distribution for Jif Power Ups. 
In coffee, we continued to increase household penetration in the quarter as sales for the Dunkin', Café Bustelo and 1850 brands all grew. Also, we grew volume in all formats including mainstream, premium, K-Cup and instant, while net sales were comparable to the prior year due to increased trade spend as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. 
In pet food, we delivered growth for our largest brands in the portfolio including Nutrish, Meow Mix and Milk-Bone despite total segment growth being impacted by planned declines for private label products. 
In addition to declines for the Natural Balance brand -- excuse me -- in our pet snacks and cat food businesses we achieved mid-single-digit growth, which marked the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth for our cat portfolio. Meow Mix, 9Lives and Nutrish cat food each grew household penetration. In the latest 52-week period, Meow Mix now has the highest household penetration of any brand in the dry cat food segment. 
We remain excited about the prospects for both short- and long-term growth for our portfolio of pet food and pet mix brands. Recent softness for the portfolio is isolated to premium dog food. There has been an increase in competitive activity from a proliferation of brands entering the category, which are investing significantly to generate consumer trial. 
While the Nutrish brand sales increased 3% in the quarter, this was less than we had projected, and we anticipate the competitive headwinds in premium dog food to continue. We expect the brand to decline in the back half of the year due to competitive activity and a reduction in forecasted performance for both new distribution and innovation launches. 
Also, the targeted actions we are taking to improve Nutrish performance have begun to be reflected on shelf, and we expect further reflection throughout the third quarter. These actions include incremental investments aimed at improving the consumer value proposition to drive increased trial and loyalty and launching new advertising later this fiscal year. 
For Natural Balance, sales in the quarter decreased over 25%. The brand has been impacted by increased competitive offerings, continued growth of premium dog food in the grocery, mass and e-commerce channels, and continued weakness in the pet specialty channel. Given the recent performance, we are reevaluating our plans which may go beyond the previously communicated actions to restage the brand late this fiscal year. 
We remain confident in growth opportunities for the total pet business. And with new leadership in place, we expect further refinements to our overall pet strategy, which we will share over the coming quarters. 
I'll turn now to the progress made against our consumer-centric growth imperatives: to lead in the best categories; build brands consumers love; and be everywhere. I'll share a couple of examples from the quarter of how we are leading in the best categories. 
Snacking remains a key focus area, driven by Smucker's Uncrustables Sandwiches. We expect continued acceleration for Uncrustables and forecast growth to exceed 25% in the second half of the fiscal year. We expect the momentum to continue and we remain on track to grow this business to over $500 million in net sales within the next few years. 
In coffee, sales trends improved throughout the quarter led by double-digit growth for all K-Cup brands including Folgers. Consumer takeaway for our portfolio of K-Cups continues to perform well, ahead of total segment growth. Further, the Dunkin' brand continues its momentum and now owns the #3 market share position across the total coffee category in the latest scan data for 4-, 13- and 52-week periods. This, combined with the leading market share position in the mainstream segment for the Folgers brand, positions our coffee portfolio to firmly maintain the #1 dollar and volume market share across the total coffee category by a wide margin. 
Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. We are excited about the recently launched creative for the Jif, Smucker's and Café Bustelo brands during the second quarter, and additional brand refreshes are underway. Our new advertising for the Jif and Smucker's brands has been on air since September and we are pleased with the initial feedback on the campaigns, which align with recent share gains for Smucker's Fruit Spreads and improved volume trends for Jif. We also saw strong sales momentum for Café Bustelo, up 14% in the quarter, supported by its first national advertising campaign, which highlights its heritage and authenticity. 
The new campaigns strengthen our brand's positioning in today's culture with breakthrough advertising across multiple media and social platforms to support long-term growth. We remain on track to deploy new campaigns for 10 brands this fiscal year. 
Our latest brand refreshes are underway as the Meow Mix remix campaign launched in early November and new Folgers advertising will begin airing next week, and new support for the 1850 and Dunkin' brands are debuting in December. 
Marketing spend for the quarter was 6.3% of net sales and 6.9% of net sales through the first half of the fiscal year. We are realizing the benefits of our new marketing operating model as expenses in the quarter declined compared to the prior year while increasing the effectiveness and reach of our media spend. We remain committed to our investments in consumer-facing marketing and project marketing spend of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the full year. 
Our third quarter -- our third growth imperative is to be everywhere. We know that consumers shop and interact with brands on demand and multichannel. Therefore, we need to be wherever consumers shop and available anytime. 
Within the e-commerce channel, we continue to deliver solid growth, particularly in the pet food and coffee categories. In the second quarter, our sales to pure-play e-commerce retailers continued to grow double digits accounting for nearly 5% of total U.S. retail sales. 
Factoring in the fast-growing online sales for brick-and-mortar retailers, approximately 8% of our U.S. retail sales are through e-commerce. 
We will continue to prioritize investments and initiatives to capitalize on the momentum in both pure-play and omnichannel e-commerce, as the channel still has significant runway and is expected to be a catalyst for growth over the next several years. 
The focus of our Away From Home business has always been on our branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. With increased production capacity for Uncrustables, we are excited about the growth potential of the platform in additional Away From Home outlets as capacity constraints previously limited meaningful expansion beyond K-12 schools. 
Also, within our Away From Home business, we are very pleased with our expansion into premium coffee through our 1850 brand and have plans to further expand this platform next fiscal year. 
Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. First, we are committed to taking decisive corrective actions to improve top line performance. 
Second, the recent leadership changes are designed to improve the execution of our strategy, enhance accountability and streamline decision-making to ensure that we move with speed and agility to deliver on our strategic and financial priorities. 
And third, our entire organization has embraced a financial discipline mindset further focusing our resources, supporting earnings growth and generating cash flow. 
And finally, key parts of our portfolio are responding to the investments we are making against our strategic growth imperatives, which, over time, will deliver long-term financial growth and increase shareholder value. 
Finally, I want to acknowledge our dedicated employees. Thank you for all you have done and all you will do to drive our business forward. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

Thanks, Andrew. Well, first of all, let me just start by saying delivering on guidance is a foundational priority that I have as CEO, and it's extremely important. So given the fact that we have missed guidance a couple of times this year, we -- this round, we took a very hard look with a very critical eye and really made sure that as we look forward, we were judging both the opportunities and risks that really exist in the business, and we are giving ourselves the appropriate flexibility, as you put it. 
So we do believe that the top line guidance is prudent and does reflect adequately both opportunities and risks. And so while there are some challenges to sales growth and isolated really to premium pet, that's more or less what drove our revision. We still look at -- the majority of our business is actually still performing at expected levels or above.

Okay, Ken. This is Mark Smucker. I'll start. So I guess what I would say, first of all, is I would go back to the prior quarter where we acknowledged that we did not adequately anticipate the level of competitive pressure that we would experience from new entrants, not just one entrant, but there are multiple brands in the competitive space, nor did we react fast enough. So I would really point the finger at just the fact that there were a multiple competitive dynamics that were going on that we should have reacted faster to. 
In terms of the broader leadership challenges -- or changes rather, obviously, Mark's transition has been planned for a long time and we took a very thoughtful approach to the holistic leadership structure. And so this was not a knee-jerk reaction. These were changes that we had got through thoroughly and had decided to sync up some of the broader leadership changes along with the CFO announcement. 
And then ultimately, at the end of the day, I just go back to my prepared comments, that the intent of the structure outside of any individual change is really intended again to increase agility, make sure that we have the right level of accountability and the right sets of eyes on the business that are going to really drive strategy.

Yes. We still have seen that 1850, it continues to perform at expectations. As I mentioned again in the prepared comments, we are launching new advertising, which isn't on air yet, but we actually got some nice publicity pre on that in some of the advertising, the industry rags, so that we've had some good feedback there. But ultimately, we continue to remain very focused on 1850, and we do expect to see continued growth in the brand.

Bryan, this is Mark Smucker. I don't see a meaningful or significant shift in our total strategy. We continue to view that our 3 growth imperatives are still the right ones. We still believe in the categories in which we play and we still believe in the brands within those. 
What -- if there are subtle shifts across categories, that could be possible. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks Natural Balance and that we may take a broader look at that brand to make sure that we are doing the right things for it. 
And so we will continue to potentially think about all of our categories and how we refine them. But I think the fundamental priorities against the business remains sound, and the existing leadership team is very committed to those as well.

That's fair.

There really is no elaboration from what we've previously communicated. I would just characterize it as -- this is Mark Smucker, by the way -- just characterize it as a continued, pretty consistent level of intensity. If I can just -- I can give you some specific color on our actions in terms of what we communicated previously. 
As you know, we have taken very specific actions as it relates to customer support, both in-store, some of that is pricing as we've discussed previously. Obviously, we actually ramped up our on-air presence for Nutrish. We actually are shooting new advertising for Nutrish in the coming weeks, which won't show up in market probably until sometime in the third quarter. And so all of those things remain -- we remain very committed to. 
I think the only change from prior quarter is that the implementation of those has taken a little bit longer, particularly at the customer level, than we would expect. And so although we have now, just as of even this week, starting to reflect at the customer level, it isn't across the entire market. But through this Q3, we would expect to see all of those actions really come to fruition.

In general, I would say broadly, in aggregate, we feel that our innovation is actually meeting expectations. There are obviously puts and takes in that. I think our Milk-Bone, for example, innovation is going well, and you think about snacking, and I've already spoken to 1850. Those are broadly meeting expectations.

Yes. So if you look across some of the FDA comments that came out, I don't know, a couple of months ago, there has been a modest impact to all brands that were named in that, and that does not include -- that includes our brands but it also includes all of the competitive brands as well. It is difficult, very difficult to quantify what that is. And we continue to make sure that we are offering a wide variety of products to our consumers, that they have the ability to choose between grain-free or limited ingredient or what have you. And so we continue to believe a broad portfolio is the right thing to do. And we will continue to support those brands and across the entire portfolio.

Rob, this is Mark Smucker. I might just elaborate on -- give some clarity on stuff that might not come through in the scan data that's positive. So broadly across the coffee portfolio, we were -- we had a very good quarter and we were pleased across every brand. And so if you look at growing Dunkin', growing all of our K-Cups, Bustelo did very well, Dunkin', for example, not only is it the #3, but it is the fastest-growing premium brand. And the reason that that's not showing up in the scan data is because canister, the Dunkin' canister, which is doing very well, falls in the mainstream segment. And so if you take Dunkin' in aggregate, it is growing faster than Starbucks in both -- in all of the 4-, 12- and 52-week periods. 
And then Folgers specifically, as you know, both in peanut butter and coffee, we have -- we've experienced significant deflation. But that said, Folgers is playing the role that we want it to. The volume was up in the quarter. And so despite the fact that we have that deflation, we've seen both volume growth and we've been able to actually maintain our profitability on the business. So coffee overall is a very nice success story for us in the quarter.

No.

Thank you.

Yes, I guess, I would just add one comment on forecasting, which is although we're not pleased with the guide-down, I would comment that this is a reflection of better visibility into our forecasting and making sure that we're taking the prudent steps in terms of derisking, as Mark spoke to earlier, but making sure that we're reconciling operational and financial forecasts in the appropriate manner and providing not only us, the senior leaders, but also the individual businesses with the appropriate level of visibility.

Sure Laurent, thank you for the question. So I did answer this in the prepared remarks, but my focus needs to remain on, obviously, delivering results and really making the right strategic decisions for the business. A Chief Operating Officer will help in terms of making choices across all of the businesses and will really help to operate the businesses on a day-to-day basis, which I do today. But I also feel that I need to spend a little more time just on strategic matters as well and, obviously, building the organization for success, obviously, for the long term. 
I feel very good about the team that we have in place today. I think that everybody is very much aligned on the strategic priorities. And I think a COO, will, quite frankly, just help specific decision-making and execution at the business level.

Well, we're in a search. We've begun the search for those roles, and those are underway. It's hard to say when we will actually fill them. Those things can take time. We are moving as fast as we can, but we want to make sure that we find the right individual that has both the right level of operating experience, but also the appropriate level of leadership experience in terms of developing people and culture. So I won't commit to a time frame, but suffice it to say, we're on it, and we're moving as quickly as we can.

So generally, as a company, philosophically, we only engage in private label businesses where it makes strategic sense or where we know we can generate growth and profitability. And so where we have exited, those were -- in most cases, those were conscious decisions to exit parts of the business that were not generating the appropriate return. So we do remain engaged in some of our private label pet businesses. It is specific to those areas where there's a strategic benefit, partnership with customers. And so we will not abandon it, but we will be prudent in terms of how we -- how and where we engage strategically on private label.

Yes. Sure. We did look at best practices across the industry to be sure. We have an ongoing relationship with the search firm that we are using. Even for the CFO search, I would tell you, we did do a thorough search externally. And Tucker actually went through a very rigorous process, external evaluation process with a couple outside partners, one being a search firm. And so even -- in every case, we are taking a prudent approach in terms of how we are looking at filling those roles and just wanting to make sure that we're looking both at best practices but also making sure that we're taking the appropriate time and necessary steps to put the right talent in each role.

Sure. I can't give you much more color, so I'm not sure you'll be that pleased with the answer, but I do -- what I would say is we previously talked about a restage. We continue to move forward with the restage. That includes a whole host of things including packaging alignment, consumer communication, I mean it really is -- it is very broad and it does take time because it is a relatively deep exercise. I think what we have said previously is that restage would be toward the end of the -- the very end of the fiscal year. But beyond that, we will consider a more -- a broader strategic review of the brand that could include things like you're suggesting. But we want to hold off on communicating anything until we really have gone through our own internal process.

Thank you all for listening. We appreciate the questions. I guess I would hope that everyone takes away that there are many areas of our business that are performing very well because where we focus, we are winning. The softness is isolated to premium dog. And obviously, we've seen some deflation in a couple of our categories. But hopefully, you all take away that we have taken very specific and decisive actions, whether it be in the marketplace, financial discipline, investing in our business, the leadership changes that ultimately are really starting to yield results. 
And so we do have a commitment to you all that we will continue to work. And the goal, of course, is to grow our business in aggregate. And just want to thank our fantastic employees for their commitment to the company and wish everybody on the call a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.