Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will highlight how we've transformed into a stronger company over the past year despite industry-wide challenges and disruptions and then summarize our performance in the fourth quarter. I'll also touch on the operating environment and the growth factors that give us confidence we can achieve our fiscal 2023 guidance. Tucker will then discuss financial results for the quarter and our outlook in more detail. 
Before discussing our results, let me address the recent Jif peanut butter recall. Once we learned of the issue, we voluntarily initiated the recall with a sense of urgency and in full cooperation with regulators. We have an unwavering commitment to doing the right thing, and our consumers' health and safety has always been our #1 priority.
Fiscal 2022 was yet another unprecedented year. The operating environment remained dynamic as the pandemic, along with factors such as inflation, labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, presented challenges. Our business and dedicated employees continue to manage through these circumstances with agility and focus. We delivered strong results, grew market share for our brands and continued to make progress on our strategy to drive balanced long-term growth. 
This past year, we continue to deliver on our 4 executional priorities: driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio and unleashing our organization to win. I'm proud of what our teams have accomplished. Notably, we maintained business continuity through the pandemic, demonstrated supply chain resilience and agility, fully implemented our commercial transformation, improved in-store execution through leveraging proprietary data and analytics capabilities, reduced complexity through continued portfolio reshaping with 2 divestitures and SKU optimization and achieved meaningful market share growth. 
Our fiscal 2022 full year net sales increased 5% on a comparable basis. This performance demonstrates how we are winning in the marketplace and the strength of our brands with momentum that has continued as we delivered a strong finish to our fiscal year. In the fourth quarter, we delivered results ahead of our expectations as comparable net sales increased 9% with growth across all 3 of our U.S. Retail segments and our International and Away From Home business. 
Strong demand for our brands supported overall market share gains in the quarter. Brands that are growing or maintaining dollar share accounted for 86% of our U.S. Retail business in the fourth quarter, up from 68% in the third quarter and 57% during the same period a year ago. This was supported by underlying brand momentum and consumer loyalty combined with our improved commercial capabilities and innovative marketing. Our company was recently recognized as one of the most innovative companies in branding by Fast Company, and our share results speak to the best-in-class marketing capabilities of our team and partners. While we did not seek this, we are proud of this award, which recognizes our focus on reenergizing our approach for how we build brands and go to market. 
Gross profit declined in the fourth quarter largely due to the impact of the estimated customer returns and inventory write-off related to the Jif peanut butter recall. However, adjusted earnings per share increased 18% driven by favorable SG&A, primarily due to lapping significant marketing investments a year ago. Adjusted earnings also reflects the anticipated insurance recovery, which mostly offsets the unfavorable gross profit impact of the recall. 
In the fourth quarter, price elasticity trends were favorable compared to our expectations and historical levels across our businesses. We also successfully partnered with retailers to implement additional net pricing actions in April and May in response to higher costs. As inflation persists, we will continue to partner with retailers to implement incremental pricing actions to recover costs as necessary. We remain focused on limiting the impact of inflation on consumers while protecting profitability for our partners and our company by working together to reduce costs and complexity, enhance data sharing, optimize shelf sets and inventory and improve logistical efficiency. 
Turning to our segment results. In pet foods, growth across all categories drove a 10% increase in comparable net sales versus the prior year. Our strong finish in pet foods was driven by growth of 22% for cat food, 8% for dog snacks and 7% for dog food. Our growth in cat food and dog snacks reflects our increased focus on prioritizing and accelerating growth in these segments. 
In cat food, Meow Mix sales grew 29%, benefiting from higher pricing and volume. Meow Mix gained nearly 3 points of share in the quarter, growing over 2x the category rate. Meow Mix is now the #1 dry cat food brand in America in the latest 52-week period. The journey for this brand continues to be incredible as it finished off a phenomenal year as the fastest-growing brand in our portfolio in the fourth quarter. 
In pet snacks, Milk-Bone sales grew 15%. This growth reflects the benefits of net pricing to recover increased costs, volume growth, improved marketing and sales execution and contributions from premium positioned innovation. The Milk-Bone brand continues to drive growth for our market-leading dog snacks business. The brand gained a full point of dollar share in the quarter and grew over 2.5x the category rate. 
And in dog food, net sales for Nutrish grew 14%. We are expanding the brand into faster-growing segments, such as wet dog food and dog snacks, and continue to refine our assortment consistent with consumer preferences. We plan to upgrade Nutrish dog food formulations with improved nutrition credentials in the back half of fiscal 2023. The launch will be supported by a new advertising campaign that showcases the brand's purpose to provide all dogs the highest quality of life. 
In coffee, net sales growth of 11% was driven by all brands in our market-leading at-home coffee portfolio. The momentum for our coffee portfolio is tremendous. For the fourth consecutive quarter, we grew dollar share more than any other top manufacturer, gaining nearly 0.5 points of share. For the quarter, our brands were 3 of the top 4 fastest-growing at-home coffee brands, and we outpaced the category in all segments, including mainstream, premium, one cup and instant. 
Café Bustelo was the fastest-growing brand in mainstream, one cup and instant, with consumer takeaway up 19% in the quarter. It was also the only top 10 brand that grew share in both dollars and volume. Dunkin' brand net sales grew 9% in the quarter as it continued on its path to becoming a $1 billion brand within the next 5 years. Dunkin' grew over 5x the total at-home coffee category rate in measured channels over the last 52 weeks. 
Folgers continued its momentum, growing net sales for the third consecutive quarter. Folgers K-Cups grew volume share more than any other brand in the category over the last 52 weeks. In late January, we launched our bold new marketing campaign for the brand and are extremely pleased with the initial results. We will continue to build on this momentum with initiatives to reinvigorate the iconic brand, including new packaging rolling out toward the end of calendar 2022. 
Coffee habits formed during the pandemic continue, and at-home consumption remains elevated. At-home consumption now represents over 70% of all coffee drinking occasions compared to 2/3 prepandemic. We are well positioned to benefit from these trends with a portfolio that provides consumers options, ranging from value to premium offerings. 
In our consumer foods business, comparable net sales grew 3%. Growth was primarily driven by net sales gains for Smucker's fruit spreads, Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches and Sahale Snacks. Jif peanut butter net sales declined driven by estimated customer returns related to the recall. 
Smucker's Uncrustables continue to deliver growth as total net sales were approximately $130 million in the quarter for our combined U.S. Retail and Away From Home businesses. Total brand sales for the full fiscal year exceeded $500 million, a year ahead of our original target. We are confident Uncrustables can grow to a $1 billion brand in annual net sales over the next 5 years as we continue to make investments in production capacity. Smucker's Uncrustables' growth moderated in the fourth quarter due to capacity constraints primarily related to temporary labor and supply challenges. We expect the Uncrustables brand to return to double-digit growth in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and accelerate further in the back half of the year as additional capacity comes online with the completion of the Longmont facility expansion. Demand for the brand continues to significantly exceed supply, and we couldn't be more excited about the future of Uncrustables. 
In addition to the momentum for our U.S. Retail businesses, our Away From Home business experienced 13% comparable net sales growth. Our Away From Home business sales and volume have returned to prepandemic levels with growth in liquid coffee and portion control spreads as significant contributors to the recovery. Notably, Jif portion control spreads gained 10 share points over the past year, and Uncrustables volume over indexed compared to prepandemic levels. 
In addition to our financial and organizational successes this year, we continue to make meaningful progress on our Thriving Together agenda, which guides our approach to key environmental, social and governance issues relevant to our business. We introduced new environmental targets around climate action, agricultural sustainability and responsible packaging. Also, we continued our journey to advance our inclusion, diversity and equity efforts, including chartering our first set of employee resource groups during the fourth quarter. 
As we turn the page on fiscal 2022, we continue to delight and inspire consumers by building brands they love and lead in growing categories. With a strong portfolio and sustainable growth opportunities in the desirable categories of pet, coffee and snacking, we will continue to build on the momentum for our businesses and have conviction in our strategy. 
Looking ahead to fiscal 2023, we anticipate continued top line growth with comparable net sales up 6%, inclusive of a 2% impact related to estimated manufacturing downtime and customer returns for Jif peanut butter. Our confidence is grounded in the strength of our brands: from Uncrustables, where there remains unmet demand across the country; to our coffee business, where each of our brands has momentum; to our pet business, which is seeing accelerated demand for dog snacks and continued momentum in cat food. While the supply chain remains volatile and the cost environment can change rapidly, we will continue to mitigate inflation with continued focus on cost management and further inflation-driven pricing as necessary. 
Finally, our teams have shown their ability to navigate near-term uncertainty successfully without losing focus on our execution priorities, driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio and unleashing our organization to win. These priorities continue to power our financial results, positioning the business to deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. As we look to the upcoming year, we will continue to leverage our strong portfolio of brands and world-class commercial capabilities, all of which are powered by our unique culture and fantastic employees, whom I would like to thank again for their outstanding contributions. 
I'll now turn it over to Tucker to go over our quarterly financial results and fiscal 2023 outlook in more detail.