Welcome to Stryker's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on Mako. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A.
With organic growth of 8.5%, our Q2 results reflect excellent momentum in all 3 segments: MedSurg, Orthopaedics and Neurotechnology and Spine. MedSurg delivered a roughly 12% organic sales increase with strong performances across the board. Instruments had a particularly strong quarter with 17% organic sales growth. And we were pleased with the performances in Medical, Endoscopy and Sustainability. Looking ahead, we assume continued robust organic growth for all MedSurg divisions in the second half. 
Orthopaedics was up 6% in Q2 with Hips gaining 4% and Knees up roughly 6% as Mako robot sales and increased robot utilization across both joint applications are driving implant share gains. Neurotechnology and Spine delivered 7% growth, powered by another quarter of double-digit gains in Neurotechnology. We have also made considerable progress in the integration of K2M and are on track with our full year growth target for Spine. 
On a geographic base, the U.S. was up 9% and international was up 7%. We continue to see the benefits of our Transatlantic Operating Model with high single-digit growth in Europe. Given our lower market shares in this region, we are well positioned to continue to grow meaningfully above market in 2019 and beyond. 
Our international performance also included strong double-digit gains in emerging markets. 
With the strong top line and ongoing focus on our cost transformation initiatives, we achieved operating margin expansion of 20 basis points, which includes considerable deal-related dilution. Our adjusted per share earnings in Q2 came in at $1.98, topping the high end of our targeted range of $1.90 to $1.95, which was driven by our robust sales performance. 
We also continue to benefit from investments in R&D, acquisitions, sales and marketing, which translate into healthy product pipelines and strong commercial execution. That, combined with our talented employees and culture of performance, positions us well to sustain high growth going forward. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

So I wouldn't extrapolate Q2's Instruments results for the future quarters. We will have a very strong Instrument year overall, but it was particularly strong in Q2. Occasionally, we've seen this in the past where we've had, we'll call it, an extra pop in 1 quarter. But we do expect continued strong performance. And think about the 1688, it's a progressive ramp. Normally, the second year of a camera launch tends to be the larger year, but we do expect Endoscopy to also have a strong second half. And it's sort of progressive. It will progressively build related to 1688. So we're optimistic of a very strong MedSurg second half.

Yes, so we're really pleased with our Neurotech business, continues to roll with strong performances globally. It was a little bit softer in the U.S. in the second quarter, but nothing particular that I'd want to call out. I would say that aspiration will much be more meaningful next year than it is this year, and I think we've talked a lot about that on prior calls. No change to that.

Yes. Thanks for the question. First of all, we only closed in November of last year. So I would call it more like the half-year mark right now. Very pleased with the momentum and expecting acceleration in the second half of this year now that we've crossed sold the -- trained the reps on cross-selling and we continue to build the sets and the instruments needed for the K2M products for the legacy Spine reps. So we're excited about the outlook for the future. Certainly, we had that terrific 3D printing capability. And the CASCADIA line of products with K2M were also -- they had a very, very complete product line. So we're really excited about having leadership in 3D printing and Spine. And we do plan to sell the full range of portfolio of products. As related to product and tech transfers, that's going to happen very gradually, and it's not something I really want to get into on the call right now.

These launches just do take some time, so it's a -- there will be a gradual improvement in the availability of implants and instruments for the sales force. So it will progressively improve over the course of the year.

As we've said from the beginning of being the CEO, that acquisitions will be the #1 priority for cash. And you've seen over whatever period you want to look at, 3-year, 5-year, 10-year, more than 50% of our cash does get deployed on acquisitions. We still have a very robust pipeline across our divisions of active targets. Valuation is always a challenge. It's not a new challenge. It's been a challenge for the past few years, and that's why -- the #1 reason why we do walk away from deals. We'll continue to be a disciplined acquirer, but we, right now, don't see any change in our capital allocation philosophy given the robust pipeline that we currently have.

Yes. So we've shown a real sustainability of growth, if you go back 4 or 5 years, and it's been steadily building. And as our acquisitions roll in, they roll into organic growth, and that gives us the ability to continue to accelerate our growth. So right now, as we sit here today, I'm very optimistic thinking ahead to 2020.

Yes. So obviously, we're expecting that the Medical Device Tax, that will not be reinstated. It's due to be reinstated at the beginning of next year. In our strategic plan, we assume it won't be. That there'll be some -- there are a number of vehicles between now and the end of the year that it could be attached to. Full repeal, I think, is probably not likely. We're hopeful and we're lobbying through our trade associations for full repeal. But there's bipartisan support both in the Senate and in the House to not reinstate the Medical Device Tax. So I believe we'll get some type of extension, whether it's 2 years or more. There's always a risk that it comes back, but I would handicap it as a low risk right now.

Well, certainly, we're not below the market rate, and we haven't been below the market rate for 7 years. We outperformed the market very dramatically 4 or 5 years ago. We've moved a little bit closer to the market rate but I would tell you that the supply chain issues that we had in the first quarter are getting better. We're not fully healthy, and we have the short stem launch in Shoulder as well as T2 Alpha launches, which are gradually building. And so we do expect an improvement sequentially in Q3 and Q4. And so the result was a slight improvement for Q1, and I do expect us to continue to improve going forward.

Yes. It's a little early in the reporting cycle to comment on the full end markets. I would tell you that MedSurg has historically, if you look at growth rates, has historically been based on our own performance, the launching of our products, the debt -- splitting of our sales forces. I look at Sage's great performance has really been after the -- following the recalls a while back, we've really gained momentum. The PrimaFit launch is fantastic and going extremely well. And so a number of new product launches. That tends to be the reason for our success, and that's not any different in the second quarter. Of course, Instruments did really pour it on in the quarter, but they had a sales force split at the beginning of the year. And they're really performing extremely well.

So I think we mentioned on the prior quarter call that we split our sales force. So there was one sales force selling power tools and waste management. Part of the catalyst for the split was the acquisition of Invuity, and so that was put together with waste management and some other products, and we call that part surgical technologies. And then the other part is called orthopaedic Instruments, which has the power tools, bone cement, the protective device, the protective gowns for the surgeon, and so a number of other products that are in that category, 2 different call points. And that split of the sales force is going extremely well. And they have strong orders and converted those orders into strong sales in the second quarter. So we do expect a continued strong performance throughout the year. Again, I believe this was an outsized performance. I wouldn't expect another number like this in the third or fourth quarter. But certainly, a strong number expected for the full year.

I think you all know that we have a very low market share in Shoulder. We've progressively been launching new products over the past few years, so we have a primary shoulder or reverse shoulder fracture system, and now a shorter stem. We still don't have stemless, so stemless is still in our pipeline. That's coming fairly soon. We also don't have a lot of international approvals for shoulder. We had some regulatory challenges, so this is primarily a U.S. business right now. But just on the back of these launches, we've gained a lot of momentum in Shoulder. These are very good products, and it just takes time for our sales force to be able to get that in front of customers. And until you have a fairly full line -- we now have what I would call a full line. So even though we're missing stemless, it's -- that's not enough of an objection for our sales force not to be able to sell it. So we've been seeing very nice uptake in Shoulders over the past year or so, recognizing it's still a very small business within the overall Stryker picture. But this is something we're excited about. It's a good market with a lot of growth potential, and we're going to continue to focus on it.

Yes. We have some specialization, but I would call it modest. There's obviously a huge cost burn every time you go to specialization, and you have to be able to drive significant revenue. We've done that in the past, as I already mentioned on this call, with Instruments dedicating -- splitting the sales force and going to specialization. Shoulder procedures are really more fragmented. They're -- a lot of them are done by the same surgeons that do hips and knees. You do have some upper-extremity specialists, but the call point is a little more fragmented so it's not as obvious to go to a fully dedicated sales force. There's a huge SG&A burn to do that. So I think this is one that would be a little bit more gradual where it makes sense. In certain MSAs, we'll go to specialized sales reps, but I wouldn't call it a full -- we're not going to go to a fully specialized sales force for some time.

I think the disparity that you're seeing is really related to Mako because we've had Mako on the market for quite some time in the United States. And we are really just launching Mako in 2 very important markets, China and Japan. We now have approval for the total knee in Japan as well as hip. In China, we have the hip approval. We're still waiting for the total knee approval, which should be coming shortly. Those are going to be exciting markets for us. So we're just in the very, very early stages of that launch. So what you're seeing from a disparity from international to U.S.  is really the Mako effect, which is more pronounced in the U.S. but starting to grow, as you see, with our numbers. We are starting to place more and more robots outside the United States. But those 2 markets in particular, just getting started, and so we're excited about the future that Mako will be able to bring to those 2 markets.

Given our presence in emerging markets, we have opportunity across our portfolio. And I'm really pleased with the progress we've made. Last year, we grew double digits. This year, it's strong double digits. And really, the big change in the last, let's call it, 6 quarters is leadership. It's where we've really bolstered leadership in many of the countries in Brazil, in India, in China. We bought out our distributor in Turkey, and we're going a little bit more direct in Turkey. And in these markets, we're having really terrific growth. So it really has been a leadership story, starting with the managing director in those countries as well as the next level down. And so it took us a few years to kind of get the leadership team that we wanted in place in these countries. And now, we're really started to drive growth across the portfolio.

Well, you're right. I think you're being generous by saying we have a modest presence. We have a long way to go in China. It's really the most important of the emerging markets. And given our presence, we're really seeing Stryker being the rate-limiting factor, not the market. The market conditions are still, for health care, very good. And we just have to raise our game and -- which we've been doing over the last 2 years and really excited about the lever that we have there. But I don't see anything in the market that should cause us to slow down our momentum given where we are right now.

Well, thank you for joining our call. As you can see, we had a very strong Q2 results and strong momentum going into the back half of the year. We look forward to sharing our Q3 results with you in October. Thank you.