Welcome to Stryker's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter and our annual Mako update. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.  
As a reminder, as announced during our Analyst Day in November, we have reclassified our reporting segments into 2 groups: MedSurg and Neurotechnology, and Orthopaedics and Spine. This better aligns to how our businesses are managed internally. We have also pulled out Neurovascular on its own line and have the business units of neurosurgical instruments, CMF and ENT now grouped under Neurocranial. As we have done all year, we will comment on our performance versus 2019, which we believe is a better basis for comparison.  
For the quarter, organic sales growth exceeded 6% versus 2019, driven by double-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, but offset by softer sales of our Hips, Knees and Spine as COVID and hospital staffing challenges had a meaningful impact on elective procedures during the quarter. We posted double-digit organic growth in international compared to 2019 as our globalization efforts continue to bear fruit and where COVID impacts were generally less severe than in the U.S.
While our more deferrable businesses were challenged, we saw excellent results from our Mako robotic technology, capital products across our metric portfolio and continued double-digit organic growth in Neurovascular which reached approximately $1.2 billion in sales for the year. Despite the unanticipated Omicron variant, we were able to achieve full year sales growth and adjusted EPS within our latest guidance ranges. 
Our full year organic growth exceeded 7% and reflects strong demand for our Mako and MedSurg capital equipment and strong double-digit sales growth within Neurovascular and Neurocranial. In addition, we are very pleased with the Wright Medical integration, particularly in the U.S.  
Our full year adjusted EPS grew 10% versus 2019, and we delivered free cash flow conversion of 85%. The EPS growth was a strong result given the inflationary pressures that grew in the quarter and the COVID impact on our implant procedures. We continued to invest in R&D at a healthy rate of 6.6% of sales for the year and our new product pipelines are poised for continued success. Our strong cash flow performance provided us with additional flexibility to execute on M&A opportunities in the quarter, including Thermedx, a small tuck-in within endoscopy, and the recently announced agreement to acquire Vocera.  
Despite the impacts of the pandemic throughout the year, we were able to surpass $15 billion, $16 billion and $17 billion in revenue for the first time. And we remain confident in the outlook for our business as the pandemic recedes. We continue to execute on our key growth strategies, including the expansion of our ASC offense, continued product innovation and category leadership across our businesses.  
Turning to 2022. The volatility caused by COVID variants remains ongoing and is further impacted by hospital staffing challenges and supply chain disruptions. In spite of this, we expect to continue to deliver above-market sales growth. However, given the pressures on our supply chain within MedSurg, we do not expect to deliver our typical degree of earnings leverage. 
We continue to be disciplined with our spending. However, we will continue to fuel new products with healthy R&D spending and will maintain our focus on above-market growth while we work through these cost pressures. As noted in the press release, we are guiding to 6% to 8% full year organic sales growth and adjusted EPS of $9.60 to $10 per share.  
As I conclude my comments, I remain confident in our strategy, talent and culture. I would like to thank our teams for continuing to persevere in these challenging times. I will now turn the call over to Preston.

Yes, Joanne, this is Kevin. That's exactly the right way to think about it. We have terrific product pipelines. We have a lot of new products we're launching this year, including a new power cot, the Insignia Hip Stem, a number of foot and ankle launches, 3 launches in the upper extremities space. We have the in-space balloon. 
So a lot of new products, but we're also gearing up for 2023, where we're planning to have a next-gen camera, a next-generation power tool, next-generation life pack. And as you know, these new products are really the lifeblood of our top line growth. So we are not going to slow down on the R&D investments. 
Of course, we'll look at the rest of our SG&A and be cautious just like you've seen us be cautious over the last 2 years. But yes, we are going to power through. But we do have a lot of tailwinds. We have a very strong order book and capital equipment. We're having a little trouble securing all the components to be able to ship all the products, but we have a healthy order book. We have good momentum. And obviously, we need to ride out the COVID challenges. But yes, we are going to continue to invest for the future.

For us, Knees has been really the engine of growth within our joint replacement business, if you look over the last 2, 3 years. The combination of Mako and cementless is just so powerful that we've had a disproportionate growth in Knees relative to the market. 
In Hips, we have a gap with that hip stem, which really -- the new stem that we -- we're just in early launch right now, the full launch will be at Academy, a bit at the end of the first quarter. That's really going to solve a gap in the direct anterior procedure. So I do expect that our Hip business will pick up.  
You're right that technically it's a little less deferrable, but the mix, it's really the product portfolio that we have now which has favored Knees. It's not new in this quarter. It's been going on for the last couple of years. And we do expect our Knee business to continue to thrive. And we're excited about the new hip stem, especially when it becomes compatible with Mako at the end of the first quarter.

And I'd just like to add that outside of large joints, we also have our sports medicine business. That's within endoscopy. It grew 30% in the fourth quarter. So that's a great sign of the overall success that Stryker is having in ASCs, that really terrific growth in our sports medicine business.

Yes. This is really great to see, the growth in robotics. It's obviously creating a new standard of care. It's becoming expected. Residents are expecting this as they enter the workforce in orthopedics. And so we see the growth absolutely continuing. It's going to continue along the path that's been going on. I think we're going to see Hips potentially hit an inflection point with our -- with the launch of our new stem and start to really accelerate. 
So we're very excited about the future. We think robotics is here to stay as you've seen this happen in many other industries. And so we do expect that the growth will continue. 
In the fourth quarter, we had an unusually high level of installs and competitive accounts, higher than normal. And we think that the fact that there are other entrants on the market is actually bringing more trialing of our systems and creating even more interest in Mako than there had been previously. So it's a tailwind for the industry, and we're going to continue to ride that tailwind. 
And then as it relates to international, I would say we're still -- yes, thank you. I'll just continue on international. I would say we're still in the earlier phase of that as you've seen with other robotic technologies. It starts off here and then sort of expands around the world. 
We're still in early phases in Japan and in China and in Latin America, but the growth is really starting to pick up there. The interest level is very high. And so I'm very bullish, but it's going to take longer. It's a little slower the pathway there, but it's just as exciting in the international markets.

Yes. Just to put a fine point on the Foot & Ankle. So it's really the forefoot procedures that are a little bit more elective, and that's where a number of our launches will happen. The Total Ankle Replacement was actually terrific in 2021, really great growth, and we're going to continue to have very strong growth in Total Ankle Replacement. It's really getting the forefoot procedures to come back to the office. And as that grows, we will continue to grow. And a lot of our launches are MIS products, specifically for forefoot.

Yes, our flow diverting stent business has been really a strength for us, and it's not really so much related to competitive activities, just getting surgeons trained on the product. As you know, the Evolve stent is newer in many of the markets. It's a newer launch, and we still haven't launched it in all countries around the world, but we're pretty excited about the product, and it's been growing at a pretty healthy rate. And there was no -- I would say, no change or no inflection point related to competitive activity.

I don't really get into that level of detail. What I'd just say is the mix -- we used to report the mix as roughly 50% to 60% in competitive accounts. It was well north of that in the fourth quarter. Now I don't know if it's just a one quarter issue or whether that will continue. There were a lot of accounts that were kind of waiting for other offerings to appear on the market. 
And once those offerings appear, then they would have trials. And in most cases, it was -- in some cases, I know it was the first robot. In other cases, it may have been the second or the third robot in those accounts. 
I don't have exactly that level of information. But it was higher than we've seen in the past. I can't say I was expecting it. It was higher than I expected. But I am expecting Mako to continue to grow, and that's not new. It's just the mix was more competitive than we've seen previously. 
Now we'll see if that continues going forward. But the order book for Mako as well as for the MedSurg capital is strong at the end of the year. So that tells us that momentum will continue into 2022.

Actually, our capital order book is strong across the board. And in particular, beds had a terrific finish at the end of the year in terms of orders, a huge number of orders for our new ProCuity bed. So it's a new launch. It takes some time to go through the trialing process, but we're extremely excited about our bed business. 
I think Glenn highlighted that in his remarks, but the orders for our beds are very high, very strong. And we now have to build all the beds and make sure we have all the parts to be able to ship them all, but we're very excited about the momentum. So it's broad-based. It's in our emergency care area, it's in Mako, it's in beds, it's in the Instruments division, the Endoscopy division, capital across the board is strong.

Okay. Great. Well, thanks. We'd like to sort of wait until we have something proven before we kind of talk about it. We are looking at femurs, in particular, cobalt chrome at different manufacturing processes for those. And once we're ready to talk about that, we'll share that. We have automated the beating that's used for the cementless part of the femur. We are constantly looking at different surface materials. But not ready to announce anything yet. 
I would say that the actual design of Trauson, we're really delighted with. As you saw, we came out with 3D printing, tibial baseplate, 3D printed patella to enable the cementless solution, but not a fundamental change to the design. We came out with 1 millimeter inserts, and we made other changes in, I'll say, modifications to make it easier to have a more personalized knee solution, but not a fundamental redesign. 
So you shouldn't be expecting some kind of fundamental new design. But there will be things that we're working on that we'll be able to share with you on the knee side. Certainly, on the hip side, we have a new implant that we've talked about already earlier on that's fit for purpose for direct interior. We're very excited about that. We have a fabulous 3D-printed hip cup. But we do have instances where many surgeons are using our cup, but they're using a competitive stem. And with this stem, we'll be able to convert all of their business. So that's very exciting for us. 
But on the Knee side, I wouldn't expect anything major new. We are working on things when we're ready, we'll be able to share that. As it relates to future applications, as you know, robotics are challenging. We're -- our main focus is really shoulder and spine right now. There are some skunkworks projects, looking at some other areas. But again, I don't want to start talking about those yet because they need to get more proven before we're ready to talk about it. 
In the areas of spine and shoulder, it's a matter of time. We are going to have robotic applications. But again, we don't have a time line right now, but we have projects that are working on -- teams that are working on it and making very good progress.

But it does vary by market. So in Australia, we definitely saw a big pickup as soon as they resume electives, the pickup is pretty swift. I would say the U.K. is similar. But then in other markets, whether it's Japan or whether it's Southern Europe, it's a little bit more gradual, the increase. 
So there isn't one answer, but we do know is these patients are going to need their procedures. The pace of the recovery, honestly, is quite difficult to generalize because it does behave differently by country. We are expecting that there will be a pickup and we look forward to that.

Yes, it's -- the international market certainly lagged the U.S. We had distributor contracts and arrangements that we had to get out of. And so we always plan for that to be a little later. And so we didn't have any -- the kind of results internationally that we did in the U.S., but that wasn't a surprise to us. And you will see a gradual pickup in the international markets. 
We're quite excited because, obviously, Stryker has a larger footprint internationally and really a better home for the Wright Medical products, and that should be an engine of growth in the years ahead.

Yes. Actually, for this year, I'm more concerned really with just getting great uptake with the stem, whether it's with Mako or without Mako. We've already done a limited launch. Feedback has been incredibly positive from surgeons in terms of the broaching of the implant, the size options, the experience that they're having is really terrific. 
So in this first year, the Mako utilization is less important to me than really satisfying the surgeon's need for this product and really getting into DA. And I expect the Mako number will continue to rise. It could hit 30%, absolutely. But more importantly is really having success with the stem both manually as well as with Mako. And the full launch we expect will be in the second quarter. 
So we'll really start to see a bigger impact in the second half of the year. But there will be some impact in the first half, but much more towards the second half of the year.

So thank you all for joining our call and for all your questions. As you can see, we had a very strong finish to 2021. We are working through the challenging environment right now. And you can see that the company is well positioned to fight through it. 
We are going to continue to invest for the future and make sure that as things improve in the environment that we're poised to capitalize on that, and we look forward to sharing our first quarter results with you in April. Thank you.