Welcome to Stryker's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Preston with some perspectives on the recovery trends across our diverse businesses. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.
As we begin today's call, I would like to start by thanking all our employees for their continued commitment to ensuring the safety of their colleagues, their families and our customers. I am very pleased with the resiliency of our organization, which has maintained high employee engagement and customer connections through the pandemic: from our sales forces, who have remained present and essential to the doctors and caregivers they support; to our manufacturing teams that have worked around the clock to optimize supply with ever-changing demand; and across our workforce, most of whom continue to collaborate virtually. The Stryker spirit remains alive and well.
Our second quarter sales declined organically by 24%, reflecting the impacts of COVID-19 across all geographies and the majority of our product lines. The results reflect progressive improvement in overall sales through the quarter but do vary by region. The sequential improvement can be tied to the initial cancellation and subsequent gradual return of elective procedures during the quarter.
As mentioned in our first quarter call, we took aggressive steps early on to ensure the safety of our employees and customers while managing discretionary spending across our P&L in response to the slowdown in sales. Our cost containment measures included significant reductions in travel and meetings, a slowdown in hiring and salary reductions across senior leaders. In addition, we made other efforts to focus on cash conservation, including the idling of select product lines and facilities across our network starting in May. These actions, combined with our sales performance resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $0.64, a decline of nearly 68% versus the prior year. 
As we look at the quarter, the low point in sales occurred in April and then improved sequentially through the end of June. As a reminder, implants and disposables represent about 75% of our sales and small capital represents 16%. Small capital generally mirrors the performance and trends of implants and disposable. The largest improvements within the quarter were in hips, knees, spine, trauma, sports medicine and Neurotechnology, reflecting the resumption of elective procedures and the gradual opening of previously locked down communities and geographies.
With respect to our large capital businesses, medical capital and Mako were standouts, both posting strong growth for the quarter. Our Mako robotic technology remains in high demand with our customers despite any financial constraints resulting from the pandemic. By geography, Japan and Canada performed well, while Europe, China and Australia showed progressive improvement through the quarter. In contrast, Latin America and India continued to be weaker as the impacts of COVID-19 remain more widespread in those regions. In Q3, we expect the recovery to continue, but do not expect it to be linear while local governments deal with varying degrees of resurgences. 
Our R&D programs continue to proceed despite logistical challenges caused by the pandemic, and we spent at a healthy rate in the quarter. We are actively engaging with our customers while ensuring that our product supply is in a strong position to capitalize as procedures resume. However, given the fluid nature of the situation, we are not providing Q3 or full year guidance. We are proceeding with the integration efforts regarding the right medical transaction. We are working cooperatively with the regulators to obtain the necessary approvals for the transaction, including, as previously announced, proposing to divest our STAR total ankle replacement product. This process is well underway, and the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority recently announced that it will consider our proposed undertakings in lieu of a Phase II investigation. We continue to expect to close the transaction around the end of Q3 or beginning of Q4.
Please note, beyond this update, we will not be taking any questions regarding Wright Medical or the pending transaction on today's call. This has been the most unique situation that most of us have ever experienced. While we have been impacted financially as a result of the government shutdowns and deferrals of elective procedures, this time has also allowed us opportunities to reevaluate and develop new ways to work and collaborate across our diverse group of businesses. We are prepared to emerge from the pandemic as stronger, more efficient company. I remain confident in our people, our culture and our ability to partner with our customers to meet the needs of the many patients they serve.
And now over to Preston.

Yes. We can, Bob.

Bob, there's the reason we're not giving guidance, right, because we just don't know what's going to happen in the future. But there isn't any reason to think that there's something wildly different about our business. We performed slightly better than the market. 100 to 200 basis points on top line. We've done it for 8 years in a row. You should expect us to continue to have the same type of performance. And it really does depend on what the market does. And once we have a better visibility, we'll give guidance, but there's nothing unique about our business that would cause us to be widely out of line.

Okay. Great. Well, so first of all, starting off with the CARES Act. So $175 billion that's been authorized to go to hospitals, only $115 billion has actually been disbursed, so there's still another $60 billion to be disbursed. And that's prior to the next round of legislation, right? So the next stimulation package will add to that. And so money is flowing to the hospitals. We were really pleased with the performance of Medical obviously. Small capital tends not to be as much of a worry they need it to do the procedures, so that's why it tends to trend very, very closely with elective procedures. They need power tools to do the knee replacement. They need the cameras to do the general surgery products. So that tends never to be really hit too much. It's more of the large capital that tends to be the constraint. But because of the coronavirus, a lot of our large capital in terms of debts and structures weren't actually necessary, and we saw those being purchased.
Mako was really a pleasant surprise in the quarter, to see the amount of robots we're able to install. There was more financing than normal, I would say, in the second quarter as hospitals try to conserve as much short-term cash as they could. But it's hard to predict how this is going to play out over the course of the year. I would say for now, we're feeling very good about the state of our businesses. Internationally, we had a terrific performance out of Medical. And a lot of that is the governments around the world really saying this is really important to have LUCAS chest compression device, it's very important to have ICU beds, et cetera. And so we had just a terrific performance. 
We also don't have Sage, it's a much smaller business for Medical outside the United States. So that weighed heavily on our U.S. performance. We actually had strong medical capital in the United States as well. But we're feeling very good about the state of the capital business. It's not like the last time where you didn't have this kind of stimulation from the government going directly into hospitals and hospitals are very motivated to increase their procedures.

Yes. Thank you. So clearly, we'll be at a high leverage point. And we do have intentions to start paying down that debt, but we haven't stopped our business development teams. They're still out looking at targets I would expect that they would -- won't be much necessarily as large as some of the targets we've done more recently, but you should expect us to continue to be busy with bolt-on type of acquisitions. And as you saw, we had a really strong performance in cash flow in the second quarter as we generate cash. We'll be able to both pay down debt and stay busy in the M&A market.

Well, I think we were pretty clear in the opening comments that our businesses really recover with the recovery of surgery. And so as the surgeries come back, all of our businesses are sort of resuming at a very similar pace. We don't have huge variability. I would say early on in the pandemic ENT because it was aerosolizing procedures were clearly the hardest hit, and then the hips and knees were sort of next hardest hit. 
But I would say now -- as the economy is reopening, we're really getting a nice uptake across the full portfolio. There really isn't that much variability as it relates to the elective procedures. Capital is a little bit different. So in large capital areas that lens and lights and that type of capital wasn't as robust as beds and structures and may go. So there is some variability, but again, not too dramatic. And so I think you're going to see our business kind of come back as the economy comes back in a fairly synchronous manner.
And then I wasn't quite sure I got your question about next year's financial model, Joanne. Do you mind repeating that?

Glenn, I think you're muted.

Yes. Sure, Matt. We're not going to get into specific numbers as we stop providing that, as you know, a couple of quarters ago. But I would tell you that we had slightly higher competitive placements than we had typically before, and a bit more activity in the ASCs. And we've been selling to the ASCs before, so that's not new. But clearly, there is an accelerating trend towards the ASCs. It was already starting to ramp, and I think the pandemic is causing that to increase further. Keep in mind, there's still only about 5% to 10% of joint replacement procedures done in ASC. So even though the ramp is picking up, it's going to take time before it becomes a very meaningful portion of procedures. But I would say those are the 2 areas that were higher than normal, those ASCs in competitive accounts. 
And then what I'd tell you is overall, I was pleasantly surprised, not knowing how hospitals were going to react. Our team did an awesome job in the quarter of being able to place a lot of robots. And even though some more of them more financing than normal, we're totally fine with that. That's been part of our offense for a long time. And hospitals understandably are trying to preserve their options, but the demand and the pull for Mako is very strong. The order book is also very healthy. So this isn't just a one-quarter issue. And that all goes very well for us. Every time we place a Mako, the percent of procedures done on the robot is increasing and it tends, especially for the -- our knees, it tends to cause an increase in cementless as well. So those trends are continuing to rise. So it's lifting all boats within joint replacement.

Yes. It's such a messy quarter, honestly, with all of the closings that are happening and shutdowns. Scoliosis, obviously is seasonal every year, and that's one of the crown jewels of the K2M portfolio as there are complex deformity systems. But there's nothing unusual that I'd want to call out. And because there's so much noise, it's really hard for us to parse it out. It's -- there's just a lot of noise. And as it relates to ASCs, obviously, spinal procedures are done in ASCs. It's not giant today. I think that will increase in the same way that and it's increasing in large-run procedures.

Yes. Thanks for the question. We've been focused on price for a long time. And as you've seen over the past couple of years, pricing overall has moderated within our overall portfolio. So part of it is certainly our efforts. And part of it is just a stable environment. The pricing environment has been fairly stable for some period of time. And obviously, our portfolio also has evolved over time. And with our portfolio being a higher percentage of MedSurg relative to the total. And really some great discipline showing in some of our divisions. If I look at our CMF. Business, as an example, they've got terrific price discipline. And a lot of great innovations that we've been launching that continue to command good prices. And so we're going to continue to focus on that. And we continue to expect a pretty stable pricing environment going forward.

Okay. Sure. I'll take the Neurotech part, and then I'll -- maybe I'll ask Glenn to comment on Instruments. So within Neurotech, we have 4 businesses: so we have our neurovascular business; our craniomaxillofacial business; our neurosurgery business, which is think about the neuro-powered instruments and our portfolio of neurosurgical products; and ENT. So within those 4 businesses, a lot of neurovascular is the largest on a global basis, but it's very -- it's more heavily weighted to outside the United States. So we're roughly 60% plus of their sales are OUS. 
So in the U.S., you have a much higher weighting on ENT, CMF and neurosurgical. All 3 of which, obviously, were heavily impacted by the pandemic. Neurovascular was less impacted by the pandemic. Conversely, those 3 businesses don't have a very high percentage of their sales outside the United States. So when you look at the Neurotech basket, you can see that impact in international being much better -- having a much better performance than in the United States, just given the mixes of those businesses. But that's, I think, perhaps why a lot of times, when speaking to investors, sometimes they sort of simplify that neurovascular is the Neurotech business, but it's really just one of the 4 businesses. And ENT was the most heavily impacted business of all of the business of Stryker given the aerosolizing procedures.
And then, Glenn, do you want to talk about Instruments?

Yes. I wouldn't expect much in the way of delays. Some of the reason for the lower spending is just access to labs to do testing. And so the pandemic did crimp us a little bit, but very modestly. And keep in mind that you really only have 2 divisions that PMA products: our Neurovascular division and our Physiocontrol business. And PMA products are the ones that really do demand those clinical trials. And we just have launched a series of terrific products within Neurovascular. So we actually have an innovation pipeline that has -- is very, very healthy and refreshed within Neurovascular. 
We went on the cost of something brand new. In fact, we had some really great news in the last quarter on some new approvals. So our surpass evolved, which is our newer filter-bearing stent was approved in the United States. Our original filter-bearing stent streamlined was approved in China. And our Atlas and was also approved in China, so that was all good news. But don't expect much in the way of delays. Our product pipelines continue to march ahead. And I think the makeup of our business being much on 510(k) gives us the ability to continue to launch products at a very healthy pace.

Well, I think the pandemic caused slowdown clearly. A lot of activity that slowed down, we slowed down our own activities to some degree, continue to evaluate targets but put a pause because, obviously, quickly runs sort of cash conservation mode, not knowing how long is this going to go on for. But I would say our BD teams are just as busy as ever, engaging the targets. And I think this will come back, just as it always has in the past. 
There's still a lot of companies within med tech. A lot of smaller and innovative companies. And we're going to continue to be busy. The divestiture process relates to the regulatory process for the deal. And we're going to continue to stay active on the BD front. Obviously, as I mentioned before, we're taking on a lot of debt with this Wright Medical acquisition. And so part of our commitment with cash is going to be to pay down some of the debt, but it won't be exclusively, and we've told the rating agencies, we'll continue to stay active on M&A, but it will be obviously smaller tuck-in type of deals for the near term.

Yes. I'd say it's more of the same at this point. Hospitals are -- have been looking to consolidate vendors by service lines. We actually embraced that approach because we're very, very deep in each of our service lines and category leaders in the segments that we play in. We are seeing with our ASC offense that having everything that the ASC needs, whether it's booms and lights and operating tables, Mako robots as well as implants, it really does give us a terrific position in ASC. So that's an area of strength, but I would say, overall, not much change.

Well, certainly, if the current marketplace continues, it will be much better, obviously, because July is trending better than June as we mentioned. But as long as we don't have an outbreak and have to go back to shelter in place, as long as this trend line continues, we're feeling good about Q3.

Yes. It certainly includes the United States. And obviously, we -- our business is more heavily weighted to the U.S. And so as that U.S. recovery improves, that certainly is terrific for Stryker. Even in Florida today, we're seeing hospitals continuing to do surgeries. And so that -- it's not as if we've -- we're going through what we went through in April. Hospitals, for the most part, have been pretty well equipped. They're segregating their COVID patients from their -- from the areas where they can do surgery. I'm not saying that universally. Some hospitals in Arizona, they chose to close elective surgeries down for a week. We saw that, but then they resumed the week after. 
So I think this notion of complete shutdowns. I don't think we're going to see that unless we have some type of rampant change in the way the virus is mutating and spreading. So I don't expect that. I think we'll have flare-ups. And the reason we don't want to give guidance is it's hard to predict the nature of those flare-ups and how big those flare-ups will be. But even today, in the year in Texas and in Florida and there surgeries are going on, and that gives us cost for optimism certainly for Q3 and beyond.

Okay. Kristen, I will try to cover both of those in one fell swoop here. So you're right. In the non-GAAP table, you can see that we recorded charges of about $170 million, and they were related to in-process asset impairments, product lines and just sort of some other exit costs that really resulted from our decision to suspend certain investments due to pandemic-related constraints. I would tell you that the lion's share of those costs and those in-process costs were related to our 2020 ERP implementation, which we paused as a result of the pandemic. And really, just in accordance with kind of the accounting rules and due to all the uncertainties of the situation, we were unsure of what the restart date would be of our ERP project at this time. And so thus, we impaired some of those related in-process costs that had been previously capitalized.
And then on the other questions, yes, we continue to have costs that are related to EMDR, and we'll have those flowing into next year that are, just like everyone else of our peers, are recorded in our non-GAAP charges. And we expect that program will likely continue for about 3 years.
And then on the cash flow front, we -- I think if you look at our cash flow, we just -- for the quarter, it just really reflected good working capital performance. You combine strong collections with relatively flat inventories. We continue to work with our vendors on payment terms. And then all of that was just complemented by just the discretionary spending controls as well as measured CapEx spend. And I think all of that combined to produce a really positive cash flow result for the quarter.

Well, I know exactly what you're asking. And my CFO on my Zoom screen is waving and saying, please don't give guidance. And so Rick, what I would tell you, I'll give you some qualitative commentary. So qualitative commentary is what the pandemic has provided us is really shown us how effective we can be without having to be the high-cost, high-travel company we've been historically. We're a very high-touch culture. We're realizing that there's a lot that we can do virtually. That will be permanent. There's a lot of education that adds that sounds like you have to do in person, [indiscernible] type but there's others that don't -- maybe we can do very, very effectively and efficiently, virtually. The buildings and facilities that we have, a lot of -- we're going to embrace flexible work arrangements going forward. And we are not going to need to say real estate by any stretch that we have today. And a lot of our CapEx over the past few years has been on office buildings. And because of our growth and all the headcount we've been adding and all the companies we've been acquiring. And frankly, we're seeing a big change in what's going to be required in the future. 
So those are all areas on the efficiency front. And what I would tell you is this pandemic has shrunk our company. Our divisions are collaborating more than ever. And I think the nature of the pandemic has caused our divisions to work more together. And that's sort of one of the untapped assets of Stryker. As we collaborate, we're seeing it with our ASC offense, we're seeing it with the 3D printing, we're seeing it with sort of technology areas where different divisions can tap into enabling technologies as an example. And we're collaborating better than we ever have before. And I think that will continue once we go back to, let's say, a more normal environment. And it's really unleashing a different kind of potential. 
So I can't put a fine point on numbers related to this, Rick, but I am feeling tremendous momentum in the company. And the culture is very strong. And these changes are going to make us better as an organization going forward. How we use those efficiencies that we generate, it certainly gives us confidence, and we'll get back to the nice op margin expansion we saw over the past couple of years. That gives us a tremendous confidence as we can continue that. But I think there's some untapped potential in our divisions and through collaboration that we're going to start to see manifest itself in our results.

Yes, sure. So first of all, I would start with the developed countries international. I feel very strong about that. Strong about Japan, Australia, Canada, Europe. I mean, we are really in a great position in all the developed markets, even Korea, feel very, very strong about our position in developed markets. Emerging markets is the big area of opportunity for Stryker over the next 5, 10 years. I feel very good about the leaders we put in place. We put in terrific leaders in our major priority countries, whether it's China, India, Turkey, Latin America, for sure. Just fantastic leaders. And we had a terrific year in 2019. We grew roughly 20% in the emerging markets, and it was outstanding. 
And we were really heading into this year with the wind at our backs. Unfortunately, the pandemic has thrown a huge dent into that. When we talked about the problems in India and the problems in Latin America, they're really not Stryker problems. They're pandemic-related challenges that we have. I am expecting us to get back into the winning spirit that we had towards the end of last year. And I feel that because we have the right leadership in place, we have the right kind of models in place, we've done a little bit more direct in some countries. Turkey is a good example where we bought our distributor. So I do think we have the right infrastructure. It took us time, right? You remember 4 or 5 years ago, we were struggling in many of those countries. And -- but I do feel we're on a solid footing, and we will recover as those markets recover related to this pandemic.

Yes. Thanks. The surgeons that are operating the ASCs want to have the best technology. They want to be able to do the same kind of procedures they used to do in the hospital. And I would say the CT scanner, it's not been a barrier whatsoever. At least not recently. I would say when Mako was earlier on when we were initially launching our total knee, we had little flare-ups here and there across the country about getting the CT scan done. But if you want to do this most accurately, you need a very, very accurate scan to be able to do the procedure the best way possible. And right now, I would say it's just a whimper of a sound. We really don't hear much of anything. And frankly, there's a huge degree of interest for Mako in the ASC. And that -- we saw that in the actual numbers in this quarter.

Well, I can tell you right now, we're not seeing -- you saw the price numbers that we posted. And I would tell you, we're not seeing much of a difference in pricing in the ASC versus the hospital today. A lot of thing -- it really does -- and I think it's going to depend on the ownership structure of the ASC. Is it affiliated with the hospital? I can predict what's going to happen 5 years from now. ASCs run very, very profitable today. Their EBITDAs are very healthy, they're actually -- they are financially minded, and they're good business people. But -- so our hospitals have been pushing us on price for years. And so will there be pressure from the ASC? Sure. Is it going to be unique and different? I don't really see that. At least we're not seeing any signs of that right now, but we'll see how that evolves over time.

Yes. So the it's a great question, predicting S-curve adoption rates or new technology, it's always a challenge, right, because it's not something we do every day. It's not like launching a new power tool or launching a new camera. We can predict those curves pretty effectively. I would tell you that critical mass is really starting to happen. There's a momentum, there's a belief that this is the future. And so we're past the early adopter phase now. We have hospitals buying their second, third, fourth, fifth Mako large systems. And we have competitive pressures, of course, that occur related to that, but the evidence and the happy patients that are telling their stories and surgeons seeing great results. 
I think we still have a long way to go. It's still very early in the cycle. And we're pretty excited about the degree of interest, even through a pandemic, to be able to have that type of interest means we really are getting to the point where it's starting to become accepted, it's starting to -- people have seen the benefits. They wouldn't be buying their second or third or fourth if they really didn't see clear benefits to these procedures. So that gives us a lot of excitement about the future. But I would say we're still in the early innings given that there's 5,000 hospitals out there and a large number of them do orthopedic procedures, we're still in the very, very early days.

Yes. Thanks. No, it's not all the way back yet so the sort of the robust growth that it had before, but it made a big step forward as the quarter -- as we sort of moved towards the end of the quarter. And we were surprised that we really thought neurovascular was more like trauma -- core trauma that patients get a stroke are going to rush in or -- and they stayed away from hospitals. It was a bit of a surprise that it went down. And I don't think that was unique to us. 
We didn't see anything materially different from a competitive landscape. The impacts of the business were really market related. And as the market improves, we feel we're going to be in a very good position, especially with the new products. So the new larger catheters that we launched, they were just a limited launch and even the SURPASS stent, we weren't able to get all the proctoring and training that you have to do. So that's been sort of a limited launch. So if anything, we have a bit of a new product tailwind as we get out into the, let's say, latter parts of Q3 and into Q4. But not much on the competitive front. It really has been a market dynamic issue, where I guess hemorrhagic stroke, some of it is it's quasi or let's call it, semi-elective, I would have never thought. But those are coming back. And I expect that the market of neurovascular will really improve.

Yes. I think even in-capital constrained times, there's certain capital people really want, and they will find the money. If it means they're going to not spend money in other areas to be able to buy the technology they want. And what we're seeing with Mako is this is technology they want. And they're going to find a way to get it. And if that means using Flex Financial, great, they'll use Flex Financial. If that means scrubbing certain capital expenditure to funnel it into our business, that's what's going to happen. When surgeons are demanding it, and there are surgeons that make a lot of money, one of the silver linings of this whole pandemic and of course, there aren't many, but there are some, one of the silver linings is understanding just how profitable our procedures are to hospitals. Most hospitals know it, but when you watch your bottom line sort of evaporate because you're not doing these high-value procedures, and we play in a lot of spaces with high-value procedures: neurosurgery, spine, joint replacement. They really want to be able to get that going again. And doing that with great technology is very profitable for the hospital.
And so I think there's been some recognition. I've certainly heard that from certain hospitals about how important these procedures are. So our belief is we have just outstanding technology that improves outcomes and that the surgeons want. If the surgeons really want it, they're going to find a way to purchase it. And so that may not apply to all of our capital, but it certainly applies to make up.

So thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q3 results with you in October. Thank you.