Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Preston with an update on the Wright Medical Integration. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.
Despite the ongoing presence of the pandemic, we posted a strong quarter of organic sales growth of 4.7% versus Q1 2019. This was driven by outstanding international results, particularly in Asia Pacific and the benefits of our diversified business model. Across our franchises, Mako, Neurotech and Medical had excellent performances, each posting strong double-digit growth versus 2019, a trend that we expect to continue for the remainder of the year in these businesses.
Mako followed up a very strong Q4 with a banner Q1 performance, including an uptake in international installations. As expected, elective procedures were negatively impacted to start the year which had the largest impact on our hip and knee businesses. However, the trends improved progressively throughout the quarter, with U.S. hip and knee accelerating in March and into April, where we are seeing mid single-digit growth as compared to April 2019. We also saw improved growth in small capital within parts of Neurotech and instruments during the quarter. In addition, our order book has picked up across our capital businesses, which is a good sign of pending growth as procedure volumes return to more normal levels.
These trends give us confidence in achieving our guidance of 8% to 10% full year organic sales growth compared to 2019, which is equivalent to 12% to 14% organic versus 2020, despite 1 less selling day. While the press release shows our performance versus both 2020 and '19, we believe that 2019 is a better reference point for comparison. Our momentum has continued regarding cost management and cash flow. And while spending will increase to support future growth, it will be done in a disciplined manner. Glenn will elaborate on our raised EPS guidance shortly.
We also published our first annual comprehensive report during the quarter, which captures our environmental, social and governance strategy as well as commitments regarding our carbon footprint, diversity and equity inclusion and supply chain transparency. We are encouraged by the progress we are making in these areas. Overall, I am pleased with the strong start to the year and the momentum that is continuing to build. And while pandemic flashpoints are still occurring, we are well positioned to deliver growth at the high end of med tech, with leveraged adjusted earnings.
I will now turn the call over to Preston.

Robbie, first thing I would say is that we're not going to be providing quarterly guidance, but I can give you an indication of what's happening. We did indicate in my prepared remarks that U.S. hip and knees is currently growing in the mid-single digits, and that obviously was the business areas that were most impacted by the pandemic. So that recovery is pretty notable. If you look back in January and February, where we were declining. We -- at the end -- by the end of March, we started to pull ahead into positive territory. And you can see that that's on the upswing. Difficult to predict with the flash points around the pandemic. But you can see we feel very good about confirming the full year organic sales growth. So whether that occurs in April, May, June, and July, parsing it by month is obviously very difficult. The other thing that makes us very confident on the full year outlook is the order book for capital equipment, both large capital and small capital, which is both picking up. So overall, we're feeling bullish. Obviously, growth has to accelerate to get to 8% to 10% organic when you start at 4.7% in the first quarter. But the exact pacing between Q2, Q3 and Q4, is still a little uncertain.

Yes. Well, as you saw, we had a terrific fourth quarter with Mako, and that continued into the first quarter. So it was an absolute banner first quarter for Mako. And what we saw really was an acceleration in the international markets. The U.S. continued its tremendous positive momentum. But we saw a real pickup. As you know, we received total knee approval in some new markets towards the end of last year, and we started to see those Mako installations happening in the first quarter. So it's really Mako around the world that was booming in the first quarter, and that gives us a lot of optimism. Because that's an early indicator of future implant growth.

I just want to add -- can I just add one comment. I just think we have a really incredible leadership team at neurovascular. This is not just a 1 quarter wonder. I mean they've been putting up tremendous numbers quarter after quarter. And as Preston said, the product cycle is really hitting beautifully across all of our categories. So this will be a very strong year.

Larry, I would say that 15% to 20% might be a little high, but there's no doubt that the trend is increasing and increasing pretty rapidly. We are delighted with the ASC offerings that we've put together really over the last 2 years. We have a unique way that we go to the market for ASC, a new sales organization that we created. And we really bring the best of Stryker because we have everything that they need in the ASC. We have booms, we have lights, we have power tools, we have neck and waist management. We have operating tables, we have hips and knees in sports medicine and foot and ankle and shoulder, and ACDF procedures for spine. So we really are a one-stop shop that makes life very easy for the ASC customer. We're winning deals at a very, very large clip right now, which usually involve at least 5 of our business units in the last multiple years. And so we welcome this shift to the ASC. As of now, it's largely commercial pay that we're seeing. Those procedures are the ones moving to the ASC. So there really hasn't been much at all in the way of price pressure. Not to say that won't happen sometime in the future. But certainly for the next at least few years, we don't see much in the way of price pressure. And frankly, as a tailwind for us, just given our portfolio is really ideally suited and we've structured a very good offense to be able to sell to the ASC.

Larry, thanks for the question. As we think about the backlog, I think you're right. We will see that recovery happen. And certainly, if we go back a year now, that backlog has really been building over time. And while some surgeons have been able over the last several quarters to get back to doing procedures, it hasn't been at the rates that we would have expected pre-pandemic. And so as we get back to more normal periods, we expect that we'll see extra shifts being put in or even some shifts of site of care to get procedures done and work through the backlog. But I would say that we're not expecting that we're going to see a significant or outsized growth in any one particular month or quarter. But you'll see rather a steady flow of elevated levels that will happen over the course of several quarters.

Yes, in the month of April, Bob, that's what we're seeing.

Yes. Maybe I'll take the question on Wright Medical. I would say we're off to a very good start. So, so far, so very good with the right medical integration. It's proceeding much more quickly than K2M, which was our first overlap deal. And I would say I'm delighted with the products, the people and the pipeline that we've acquired with Wright Medical. And really, if I think back to all the deals we've done in recent history, maybe NOVADAQ is the only other deal, I would say that's kind of in the same ballpark as this one in terms of the speed of integration, the speed of decision-making. We have mixed management teams that are leading a lot of the Wright Medical leadership that's come over to key leadership roles, and the momentum is terrific. And we had baked in a certain level of synergies. And  even on the cost side, I think we're making progress a little bit more quickly than we had expected. So overall, delighted with where we are with Wright Medical and the future is very bright.

It's Kevin, I'd just like to add one comment. I think our medical business sometimes gets a little underestimated. And the reason is you have 3 different components of it. You have the acute care, the beds and stretchers. And we have a brand-new bed procured that was launched towards the end of last year, that will have 4 models. Two of those models will be launched a little later this year. That will drive very strong growth for that business. And then you have the emergency care, which is the defibrillators and the stretch and ambulance costs. And then you have the Sage business. And so you have 3 different businesses that, frankly, had -- last year, you had a little bit more contribution from acute care and emergency care, and not so much from Sage. I'm sure you're going to have a lot more Sage. Emergency care is going well. And acute care should pick up as we get into the latter course of this year. So overall, it really is a much more stable, high-growth business than it was a decade ago based on the acquisitions of both Physio Control and Sage.

The key thing to remember at the mid single-digit growth, that includes our existing trauma business. So that wasn't just for the Wright Medical portion, right? That's the combined trauma and extremities. And so Wright Medical will be a faster-growing component of the combined trauma and extremities business, but obviously, it wasn't in the first quarter just because of the pandemic.

Yes. So first of all, China had a terrific first quarter. As you know, the pandemic is not really affecting day-to-day life in China, and they had a very, obviously, in 2019, you've been going back to 2019, you got terrific growth. But obviously, last year was very badly affected in the first quarter if you compare to 2020. 
So China, as a whole, we're very small in China relative to other companies. But we grew incredibly fast, very, very high double-digit growth in Q1. The outlook for China for us is still very positive, given our lower relative market shares. It will be a very good Mako market. We're just getting started in China. 
I would say Japan, certainly, Australia is further ahead of where we are in China. So it's early days, but very promising, very encouraging. The one negative for China, of course, is this trend towards volume based procurement, which you've seen in the -- with the cardiac stents. And we know that, that's going to come down the pipe. And in fact, a couple of our businesses hasn't yet, but we're starting to and there'll be noise around that. 
But overall, China for us still remains a high priority market and will be a growth market for us, just given our relative position. But even as it relates to Mako, that -- that will be carved out of the tendering related to volume-based procurement. So we still have a significant runway for robotics, both in Japan and China. Those are going to be both big markets, and we're very excited about our progress in both of those.

Yes. So first of all, I don't want to get too carried away with 1 month of comp, right? It's a very positive sign. Both are in the mid single-digit range. I'm not going to sort of say, which is higher than the other one. They both are doing mid single-digit growth versus April of last year. 
But again, we're talking about 25 days of selling days roughly between 2 years apart. And so it's definitely a change from the trajectory we saw in the first 3 months of the year and a positive change. But I don't want to get too excited about that. It's just an indication, a data point for you that tells you things are improving, volumes are coming back, but it's not really providing you guidance with which hips and knees, which one is going to be performing better than the other one. They're both coming back, and that's a good sign overall.

Yes, sure. Those are actually recovering very well. Sports medicine, I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, grew double digits in the first quarter. It actually grew double digits in the fourth quarter last year. So we're delighted that those procedures are done in surgery centers where you frankly haven't seen the same degree of slowdown as you have in the inpatient hospital. 
ENT was the most negatively impacted when the dynamic started because of the aerosolizing procedures. We're seeing that have a nice rebound. And so both of those areas are going to be strong performers and strong contributors to growth in 2021.

But I would say, overall, it's a very small deal. So this is not something that's going to really get your radar screen for the overall size of Stryker. It's very meaningful to our CMF business, very meaningful to the oral maxillofacial surgeon. But not a big mover of the needle for overall Stryker. And so you'll see that as we report our results, we'll report that in the acquisition call, and you'll be able to see that. But it's very small, nothing that's going to be really meaningful to the overall strength.

Nothing -- I wouldn't say surprising, Kaila. What I would say is that the shift to the ASC, every hospital you speak to has programs underway. And so that was already happening prior to the pandemic. It is definitely accelerating. That's probably the most notable thing, I would say. 
The other thing is that they're actually in pretty good financial position. So unlike prior crisis that we've gone through, whether it's the financial meltdown or other issues, the hospital liquidity is actually very good. And so there was a pause for a little while on some of the capital, certainly the smaller capital. But as procedures are coming back, we're seeing that through our order book, that hospitals are an actually very good financial position. And better than, frankly, I would have expected when the pandemic first hit.

Yes, it's a great point. There is a very different buying that occurs at the ASC than it does in the hospital. The hospitals have very elaborate procurement divisions and departments, and they buy by service line, and it's very decentralized. The ASC is a very simple, sort of, customer that you have to interact with. There are not as many people. They can't receive 22 Stryker salespeople. They don't want to. That's not the way they want to do business. 
So we have a different offense for the ASC. And fortunately, we have a portfolio for the orthopedic ASC, which includes sports that is just perfect for what they're looking for. And so yes, we've adapted our offense. We have the portfolio, but it is a very different buying pattern. The hospital isn't as interested, frankly, in looking across our different divisions and hasn't historically been as interested, but the ASC customer certainly is. And the good news is we've adapted our offense. If we had continued with our -- the same way we used to sell, we wouldn't be having the success that we're having now. And really, I'm optimistic about this continuing in the future.

Yes, sure. So the Mako hip application, if you remember we launched it last year, but we really couldn't get it out to all of our customers because of the pandemic. We've got roughly 50%, maybe a little bit more than 50% of the accounts have the new software. So it's not as simple as just, sort of, doing an upload over the web of the software. We actually have to go to the account, put the software on and do it in-servicing with our customers, because there's new information, they have to learn so there's actually a training regimen that goes with it. 
So right now, we're excited about the procedure growth in hip is increasing as more and more accounts have the software installed and are in service by our Stryker team. This will continue through the second quarter, probably through a good part of the third quarter before all of the accounts have the new hip software. But the feedback from the surgeon customer is terrific. There's -- it takes less time to register. So that speeds up the overall procedure time. And there's some very valuable information such as public health which surgeons find very beneficial to make sure they're managing like length discrepancies. 
And so the feedback, again, very positive, but we're still in the throes of this implementation. And it does take time because it requires that high-touch in-servicing. And due to the pandemic, we haven't been able to move as quickly as we would like in all of our accounts, in all of our regions.

Okay. Great. There's a few questions in there, so I'll try to cover them all. So first of all, the ASC is an area that we welcome. We're having success with Mako, frankly, in ASC. More success than I would have imagined, honestly, 2 years ago when we initially signed the deal with Conformis. 
That deal was designed to really have a very simple solution for the ASC customer that is not using Mako. And there will be ASCs. The deal, some of the deals we've won don't involve a Mako, where they will use manual procedures. That's where this solution will be terrific because it requires much less sterilization. And there's really custom design for the ASC. 
So we're excited to get that FDA approval, and we look forward to being able to offer that to our ASC customers. I think you asked about market share. I don't know, Preston, do you have a feel for whether we're over-indexed in ASC? I think it's fairly representative.

Yes. And it's still early, but we like our chances of being able to do very well. And as it relates to the implants, I would tell you in the short term, no real need to change anything. We're going to continue to have high, high adoption of robotics. We have cementless that continues to grow. As we've talked about in the fourth quarter, over 40% of our knees are cementless, but that still has a long runway to go. 
Longer term, I do think of different types of implants that are more bone sparing, that don't use planar cuts. But those will require IDE trials. But I think the company that was able to keep the ACL in, in place is something -- is the area that we're exploring more from a science standpoint. So nothing that we launched imminently. 
But I do think that will be the future as new kind of implants that are thinner, that are curved, that only a robot will be to be able to implement into a patient. So that's kind of the longer-term future. But in the near term, let's say, call it, the next 2, 3 years, I think we're very pleased with the portfolio we have and a long runway for continued growth.

So thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q2 results with you in July. Thank you.