Welcome to Stryker's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations.
For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on MAKO and our recently completed acquisition of K2M. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A.
2018 was a stellar year for Stryker. Following tough comparisons from a successful 2017, we delivered impressive organic sales growth and leveraged adjusted earnings gains. Our talented team has launched new products, drove sales and marketing execution and benefited from prior acquisitions that have broadened our portfolios. We delivered organic sales growth of 8.6% in Q4 and grew full year organic sales by nearly 8%. Importantly, this performance reflected broad-based strength across divisions and regions. MedSurg had an excellent Q4, up 10% organically as our 3 large divisions, Endoscopy, Instruments and Medical, grew between 9% and 12% percent. MedSurg results reflect strong commercial excellence, ability to steadily launch new products and successfully integrate acquisitions. For example, the Physio-Control business within Medical grew double digits in 2018. In 2019, MedSurg will have a similar flow of new products and Endoscopy will launch its next-generation camera, a 1688, at the end of the first quarter. Neurotechnology and Spine increased over 8% organically as Neurovascular CMS and Interventional Spine all registered double-digit organic growth. We are excited about the acquisition of K2M, which meaningfully enhances our competitive position in the spine market. Orthopaedics posted solid Q4 organic growth of 7%, led by Trauma and Extremities, Knees, increasing momentum in Hips and excellent MAKO growth, which Kathy will detail shortly. U.S. Trauma and Extremities achieved a major milestone crossing $1 billion in sales for the first time in 2018, resulting from a multiyear period of terrific growth.
Geographically, our Q4 growth was balanced as the U.S. was up 8% organically, while international delivered double-digit gains powered by emerging markets and Europe. On a full year basis, emerging markets grew double digits and Europe, once again, grew high single digits. When combined with strong performances in South Pacific, Japan and Canada, full year international organic growth was higher than U.S. growth. Our focus on leveraging the strong top line was evident in Q4 as operating margin increased 30 basis points year-over-year despite significant deal dilution, including K2M. Meanwhile, we continue to make meaningful investments in our sales forces and R&D to help ensure we maintain our revenue growth going forward. Our teams remain highly focused on executing our cost transformation for growth program, which combined with our top line performance, allowed us to deliver EPS at the high end of our targeted range at $2.18 a share, up 11% year-over-year.
Turning to 2019, organic sales growth is expected in the range of 6.5% to 7.5%, representing the highest initial revenue growth guide for Stryker in a decade. Of note, we exited 2018 with a healthy order book for our capital businesses and have a similar mix of headwinds and tailwinds as we had entering last year. While 2019 will largely be an integration year, as it relates to K2M, the team is off to an impressive start with notable excitement across our combined selling organizations. And despite sizable deal-related dilution, we fully expect to achieve our target of 30 to 50 basis points of annual operating margin expansion. With sales growth once again expected to be at the high end of med tech, and ongoing margin expansion, we are targeting full year adjusted EPS of $8 to $8.20 a share, a year-over-year increase of 10% to 12%.
In closing, I want to thank our sales, marketing, R&D and support teams around the world for their efforts and results in 2018, enabling us to deliver on our commitment to stakeholders.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Yes, thanks, Bob. As you've seen over the past 6 years, we've consistently outperformed the market somewhere between 200, 250 basis points. And that's been an every year thing. This year we exited the year feeling very, very bullish about doing the same again next year. But markets in med tech have moved up a little bit over each of the last few years. So I would say the market outlook is healthy. Our order book is a good sign of that, the fact that our capital order book is very good, look at something like beds and stretchers with double-digit growth. And that -- and really without any significant new products, they had a couple of minor products but nothing major. That's really our great execution, and I would say, fairly healthy markets. What's really different about 2018 is the performance that we had outside the United States, which you saw we actually grew faster organically than we did inside the U.S., and we had very good U.S. performance. So this has been a multiyear effort to really improve our globalization. Europe as you know has been a star for us in the last few years, but in addition to that we really stepped it up in Japan and emerging markets, pretty much across the board, a terrific performance. Some I'm really excited about the ability to sustain this performance outside the U.S., which then complements what we already know, is our very, very strong offense inside the U.S.

Yes, I thought I'd just add that we expect that MAKO will continue to grow, and we're still in the early stages, not even 2 years since our full launch. And we also expect cementless to continue to grow. To exit the year over 30% is something that we feel very good about and frankly, when a competitive surgeon switches, they're changing their implant, they're learning MAKO, a lot of times they'll initially switch with cemented Knees. And once they gain confidence and comfort with MAKO they will then move to cementless. So cementless still has significant runway and surgeons are really, really pleased with the results they're seeing with their patients, and that's what's causing the extra uptick. So we believe 2019 will be another year of strong, above-market performances in Knees.

Thanks, David. I would tell you that we've got strong momentum across our businesses. I would expect similar performances out of Orthopaedics, similar performance out of Medical, Endoscopy should move up a little bit, given the 1688 launch. But then you've got some really tough comps in some of the Neurotechnology businesses, which I still think will grow very robustly, but perhaps moderate just a hair, but overall, there is strength everywhere. Really the one business that hasn't been performing as well for us in the past has been Spine. Now with K2M acquisition, I think that story changes dramatically, starting in 2020. In 2019, we won't report K2M within our organic sales, but what we will provide each quarter are pro forma results. So you can see what the combined business is doing. We expect mid-single-digit performance on a pro forma basis. And then obviously, in 2020, that'll then roll into organic. So we're very excited with the speed of that integration and being able to post these numbers with the Spine business that's been essentially flat for the past 5 years is pretty remarkable.

So on the Neurotechnology businesses, I'm very bullish on the prospects in 2019. As Katherine mentioned, Neurovascular is launching a number of exciting new products. We have the Neuro Powered drills, the CMF business, they're all very healthy businesses. We have Entellus now that's reported as part of the Neurotechnology business, that's doing very well and it's in integration. Bit comps from quarter to quarter you'll see a little bit of movement, but I would expect continued robust performance there.

Yes, so we've been working on this, as you know, for a number of years. And all 4 quarters were double-digit growth this year for Stryker, which really is encouraging as I think about the future. We made a lot of leadership changes in Latin America, Latin America had a terrific year in 2018. Same thing with the EMEA markets. Turkey, we bought out a distributor and they had a very strong performance. Russia is perform well. China, of course, is the most important of the emerging markets and I would say we have very strong performance in China, a lot of new leadership put in place, and even our Trauson business had a nice bounce back year within China. India, we had a tough sort of beginning part of the year, the first couple of quarters. Again, we've made some leadership changes with a new Managing Director and they had a very strong fourth quarter and the outlook is pretty bright. So for us it's been a story about really getting the talent offense focused in firing and that's been an effort that's taken us a couple of years. So I'm very optimistic that we'll be able to continue this trend in the emerging markets. And as you know, it represents a very small percentage of Stryker's overall sales at around 6%. And for us that's a huge opportunity for the future, and we're better positioned in emerging markets than we have been since I've been at Stryker.

Well, I mentioned in my opening remarks that Physio-Control had double-digit growth, which to me was really exciting. We have a new AED outside of the U.S. but it only got approval in the U.S. at the end of the year. So we haven't -- can't see any of that benefit. So this is really a terrific sales and marketing execution and we've put in some Stryker leaders there a couple of years ago, and they really are driving more of our Stryker's sales culture in   a business that already had terrific products, and so that's one highlight. Sage recovered somewhat, but frankly, I think we'll have a better year in '19 than it did in '18, had a strong fourth quarter, but really had to make up for the losses of the regulatory actions of remediation, and so they had mid-single-digit growth. It was really the other parts, our core Medical business in Physio that had very, very strong performances.

Just before you move to Spine. On that, I would just add that we only have small number of placements in China and Japan. I think they're going to be very big markets in the future, but given the regulatory time line, we still don't have approval for the Knees. We have approval for Hips, which of course are big markets, and we've just started to sell there. And we also built a training center in Hong Kong, that will be used to train surgeons in Asia-Pacific region on MAKO. So we're very bullish about the continued growth. I think '19 may not be a great year in those 2 markets, certainly the rest of the world, Latin America, Europe will continue to be good. But I think, starting in '20, you can expect to see a pretty significant uptake in MAKO in China and Japan.

Yes, it's really well balanced. So there is not one single product category that stands out. We've always had a pretty strong Endoscopy division in the emerging markets, and that continues to be the case. But I would say, picking up our implant business. That's an area that we've been particularly soft in the past. We're starting to really pick that up in the emerging markets, but it's really kind of across the board. Given our small presence, we have a long way to go to really -- across our businesses to grow, but it isn't just in one area. What I'm most excited about is if we get the implant business really rolling, that provides the stability and the scale to then be able to deal with the capital fluctuations that invariably occur in these markets. In the past, we've been a little bit overweight in the capital equipment area, and that's the part that we're really focused on. And I'm feeling very encouraged about our progress.

Well, as you know, the nature of M&A is inherently unpredictable. It is our #1 source and planned use of cash. That's not changed. In 6 years, I would expect us to continue to be acquisitive as it relates to dilution. Once we see an asset that we think will be really value creating for Stryker, we're going to want to do that deal. And then we'll look at the related dilution and figure out whether we can offset it or not. As you've seen, we are very committed to operating margin expansion. We've been able to offset NOVADAQ, Entellus, K2M deal after deal that our high-growth deals that have dilution, we've been able to offset. In the hypothetical sense, if we saw one that was really a fantastic asset and it caused to be lower in the range, well then we would then communicate that. I wouldn't say we'd be off the table, but that doesn't take away from the efforts we're going to make to continue to drive margin in our core underlying business.

Yes. So our U.S. Trauma and Extremities grew 7%, and keep in mind that we had a double-digit growth comparable in the prior year. So I would tell you that the supply problems are largely behind us. The issues that occurred in the third quarter are not completely resolved but largely behind us. And that really helped us be able to get back to the kind of growth we were more accustomed to in Trauma and Extremities. Our shoulder business really picked up quite nicely. It's the foot and ankle area that had been growing in the 30 kind of percent range for the first few years when we really built out that business. That's starting to come down to Earth a little bit more in line with the market. But I would tell you that extremities still continues to be one of the most attractive areas within orthopaedics, and we plan to launch a short-stem shoulder in 2019. That'll continue to drive momentum in an already good performing shoulder business, keeping in mind that we still have relatively low market share in shoulder. But very pleased with the performance overall with Trauma and Extremities and expect another strong year in 2019.

Yes. So I mean, the average in med tech is roughly 12%. And you have some companies like Becton, Dickinson that's higher than 12% given the product portfolio they have and companies like us that are sort of below that average. The challenge that we have is we continue to acquire companies that are largely U.S. based, whether it's a K2M, whether it's an Invuity, whether it's an Entellus. A lot of then the great new technology companies, the NOVADAQ, they tend to be in the United States, and so then that over weights our U.S. business. I would expect the emerging markets to continue to be, let's call it, strong double-digit growers every single year. And so as long as it does that over time, it'll tick on a higher percentage of our business as long as those acquisitions also start to grow in the emerging markets. So getting to double digits would be great, but the reality is as long as we're growing in strong double digits and those businesses are gaining scale and size, that's really more important to me than a magical number that we get to by having the U.S. lower its growth. We're growing close to 8% in the U.S. I don't want that to slow down. That's one way emerging markets percentage can rise, is if we slow down in the U.S., and that's obviously not in our plans. But if we continue to have robust double-digit growth in emerging markets, over time, that 6% will move up. And it should be for a company like ours more like in the 10% plus range over time.

Look, the replacement cycle is continuous, so there isn't sort of one massive replacement cycle. You have hospitals buying other hospitals. They're wanting to standardize on their equipment. We bring a lot of technology. So when we say no new -- meaningful new products, we mean an entire new frame and with all the features. We're constantly updating software. We have new surfaces that we launched. So there is always some form of innovation. There wasn't any major platform launch. We're not going to really get into the timing of those launches. Those are things we prefer to wait until those products are actually launched. But suffice to say that we have a really good pipeline within our Medical business, both for the beds, the stretchers as well as for the emergency cots.

Yes. And I think the addition of competition to the market is not necessarily a bad thing. If you believe you have a proven system that really delivers terrific value, we would welcome sort of a head-to-head comparison. In some accounts, that maybe haven't been opened to having that discussion. So I think that the entry of other products in the market actually will grow robotics. And robotics, as you saw in -- if you've been -- went to AAOS the last 2 years, it's dramatically changed. The whole dialogue about robotics is everywhere. They're here to stay. And I think more interest in robotics will, frankly, provide a tailwind in the market and a tailwind for our MAKO business.

Yes. I would tell you that there's been a noticeable change in the speed of our integrations versus even 3 or 4 years ago. And obviously, the -- you can -- you know the dilution because these are publicly traded companies. You can see how negative they are. Speed of getting those synergies has increased dramatically. And K2M is a good example, where obviously it'll be pretty heavily dilutive in the first half of the year, and that dilution will start to abate as we drive out those synergies. But speed of integration is a new mantra at Stryker, and that's really taken hold over the last 2 years.

No, that was for the full year, Kristen. It picked up in the fourth quarter. Yes, yes, so fourth quarter was double digit. Full year was mid-single digit.

Yes, it's great business. The pipeline continues to be really solid. I would expect '19 to be a better year than '18. We exited fourth quarter with a ton of momentum. We have a couple of really interesting new products that they'll be launching in 2019. So that business should continue to be sort of high single-digit, low double-digit growth for the foreseeable future. Obviously, the remediation efforts were very severe, very significant. In a couple of the product categories, it took us a little longer to get back the business that we had lost during that interruption. But they're now starting to hit their stride, and I would expect that to be a reliable and solid contributor to our growth.

Yes. I would tell you that Eric and the leadership team are evaluating, are preplanning. In our Navigation, they had their own preplanning system as well as looking at robotics. And given that the focus in the short term has been getting the organization sorted, getting the early synergies, having the sales force really mapped, that has been job 1. I would tell you, in the future quarters, we'll have a better idea on the enabling technologies, but right now the main focus has been getting the sales force really organized for success.

Yes, even Instruments had a -- has a very strong order book. In Instruments, if you notice, double-digit growth on top of a comparative year of double-digit growth and a strong order book. And part of the reason we're sharing a little bit more on the order book is we're starting off with a very significant guide, a really strong organic growth guide, and to let you know that we have the confidence behind that guide is a strong order book really across the board. So entering the year with very good momentum.

Yes, so for right now we've been very clear that our focus is hard tissue robotics, starting with, obviously, hips and knees. We certainly have the opportunity with shoulder and spine, and we have teams that are working on that. It's early stages and certainly too premature for us to talk about potential launch dates and what that's going to look like. But that's our focus. We're not really looking at soft tissue robotics right now. It's really a hard tissue robotic focus.

So I'll start with Invuity. And so within Instruments, it's a pretty broad portfolio of products. And what Invuity did was helped us to catalyze a split of that sales force. So the surgical unit within Instruments has the power tools. It has the gown that covered the surgeon. It also has Neptune Waste Management, surg account. And frankly, hard to focus on all of those different call points. And so Invuity, fits beautifully with Neptune Waste Management as well as the surg account procedures on -- in that call point. So we've created a new specialized sales force called surgical technologies. And then orthopaedic instruments, that includes all the power tools as well as the Steri-Shield products and that are really sold in the Ortho area. So if anything, it helped us drive extra focus and enabled us to specialize our sales force. And that's going to be a catalyst for Instruments to continue what you've seen as a kind of amazing performance over the last decade of very, very high single or low double-digit growth year after year after year. So it's really not something that's a new call point. It actually strengthens a basket of products that we've either invented or acquired in recent history. As to whether we'll get into other areas, that's just something Stryker continually looks at. And if we believe that our sales force can bring new technologies to call points, we'll do that. But our biggest asset at Stryker is that -- is our sales force. We know how to run a great offense. And if we can bring them new technologies and continue to specialize the sale forces, we're going to continue to drive high growth.

Thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the first quarter 2019 results will be held on April 23. Thank you.