Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Preston with some perspective on the recovery trends across our diverse businesses. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results, before opening the call to Q&A.  
I'm pleased to report that we returned to growth in Q3, posting organic sales growth of 3%. This represents a rapid improvement in our business, driven by a progressive return of elective procedures, ongoing demand for our Medical capital products and continued strong Mako performance. In the quarter, we saw uneven growth globally that correlates to the state of the pandemic. Preston will speak to this in his section.  
While we are pleased with the recovery of our business, the environment remains uncertain as flare-ups of positive COVID cases are continuing. We had many achievements in the quarter that exemplify our commitment to innovation and providing our customers with the technologies needed to serve their patients.  
Beginning with Mako, we celebrated the installation of our 1,000th robotic system in the quarter. We've seen tremendous success with Mako since the launch of the total knee application in 2016, and this quarter was no different. We continue to believe that we're well positioned for sustained future success with Mako.  
Our Spine and Trauma & Extremities businesses benefited from numerous recent product launches, and Medical launched an exciting new acute care bed. Our Neurovascular business also achieved some new product approvals in important markets, which helped contribute to their double-digit global growth in the quarter.
We maintained many of the policies put in place at the beginning of the pandemic, focused on maintaining the safety of our employees and customers and aggressively managing spending. While sales and manufacturing have approached more normal levels, our spending levels were unusually low, given the uncertainty regarding the pace of the recovery.  
Our R&D spending on an adjusted basis was 6.1% of sales, slightly below our expectations as a result of COVID-related execution challenges and some timing of spending. But none of this has caused any meaningful delays to new product time lines. The combination of sales growth and suppressed spending resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.14, up 12% versus the prior year. While some of our measures remain in place, our spending measures, we do expect some return to hiring and investments to support future growth in Q4. Due to the continued uncertainty and lack of stability in many markets, we are not providing Q4 guidance at this time.  
We saw good momentum across many of our businesses in Q3, although the recovery curve acceleration moderated meaningfully in August and September and has been on a similar trend so far in October. We are proceeding with the integration efforts related to the Wright Medical transaction and are working cooperatively with regulators to obtain the necessary approvals for this transaction.
This includes, as previously announced, the proposed divestiture of our STAR total ankle replacement product. We expect to close the transaction in November. Please note beyond this update, we will not be taking any questions regarding Wright Medical on today's call.  
Finally, I would like to thank our employees for continuing to serve our customers and finding ways to succeed during such challenging times, from our sales and service personnel in the field every day with our customers, to the marketing and R&D teams that are finding creative ways to connect globally, to advance new innovations, to our manufacturing teams and the office staff who ensured the continuity of our business. We are living our mission statement, which is, together with our customers, we are driven to make health care better.  
And now over to Preston.

Vijay, we can't hear you. Vijay, are you on mute?

Now we can.

Well, thanks, Vijay. We're pretty excited about the performance in our business. It's not a one quarter thing. I think you've seen our joint replacement division, which includes Hips, Knees and Mako have been performing well for some time. And that momentum is continuing.  
I mentioned in my opening remarks that we're pleased with October. It's going well so far in the month. But I really don't want to speculate on November, December, just given all the flare-ups that are recurring. Assuming that the market stays fairly stable, we're going to have a good fourth quarter. But that's a big assumption, given this is obviously a once-in-a-lifetime type of pandemic. 
So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but we're feeling good about the business through the month of October.

Yes. Look, we continue to feel very bullish about Mako. I think in Q4, we're going to have -- unless something bizarre happens in the marketplace, it will be a record quarter in Q4 because the order book is still very strong. With over 1,000 -- and we've kind of hit an inflection point. And robotics -- the interest in robotics is increasing every day. Teaching hospitals are adopting robotics, and they're feeling the pressure to have robotics as part of their programs. And in some cases, they have been holding off a little bit.  
So for us, the momentum is palpable. It's continuing. It's strong, and it's even starting to pick up in other markets such as Japan and countries in Europe. They did a little bit of a pause in that second quarter. We saw them coming back, frankly, in the third quarter.  
So the outlook for Mako continues to be very bullish, and it's really irrespective of competition. This is sort of a market trend that's changing. The market's shifting, and we really love the offering that we have in this category.

Yes, David, we're not going to really get into sort of guidance for '21. We do that in every January. And right now, we're planning to provide that in January.  
I think we've gotten good momentum across a lot of our businesses. You saw the Trauma number, we posted a really strong number. They've launched a number of new products and feeling very good about that. And that's frankly before Wright Medical kicks in.  
So we're really excited about the momentum we're going to see across Trauma & Extremities next year. Our Neurovascular would be one I'd point to that I'm really excited about. We have the Surpass Evolve next-gen flow diverting stent approved in the United States, and that had very good growth even though we're still having to go through the pains of proctoring in the midst of a pandemic.  
So admittedly from a small base, but that's going to pick up steam next year as well our aspiration offerings within Neurovascular. So Neurovascular, I feel very good as I look through into next year. And of course, Mako will continue its positive trajectory that affects not just the Mako business, but of course, hips and knees. And so those are all going well. Instruments continues to be a really strong business for us, and smoke evacuation, you see, is now becoming a standard in many areas.  
The whole safety push, I think, will continue beyond, frankly, the pandemic. And we've really established a really great stable of products related to safety. So a lot of tailwinds, I think, that will continue on a sort of underlying basis.  
The big unknown is sort of how does this pandemic evolve, and it's still going to be with us, obviously, through the first half of next year in some way, shape or form. And so that's the big unknown. But a lot of the businesses that we have, we're feeling good about the momentum, the product cadence and new products, which I've already touched on some of them, we think, will position us well for 2021.

Yes. We're really pleased with the performance in Spine. I think that K2M, which was obviously a tough integration. We knew it would be tough. It was tough. We feel that that's largely behind us. I think we actually got a little bit of a reprieve in the second quarter, honestly, to sort of get our inventory and get our position more stabilized.  
OUS has been strong, frankly, from the beginning, but getting that U.S. business on a better footing, we feel very good about that. They launched some new products, including Niagara, which is a lateral access product, our Corpectomy Cage. And so getting back to launching products, which as you know, is a big part of the K2M offense, excited that they're now back to launching new products versus sort of dealing with all of the integration challenges.  
As it relates to the sales force, very stable. In fact, and we're actually having sales reps wanting to come to join Stryker now in Spine. So we really do feel the tide is starting to shift in Spine, and it was definitely a very good quarter.

Yes. Thanks, Bob. We're actually very pleased with our hip performance. We had good growth in hips, and we had a very tough comp from the prior year quarter where we outperformed the market in hips. So overall, yes, competitors did well in hips. We also did well in hips as hips are a little less deferrable than these, which really speaks to the strength we had in knees.
But as it relates to hips, we're very excited about 2 aspects of the pipeline. The first is the -- on Mako, we have a new software upgrade for hips that we launched in the second quarter. Because of the pandemic, we haven't really been able to roll that out fully. It will get fully rolled out probably by the end of Q4. So it's a progressive rollout, but really will have more of an impact next year.
And then the second part of the pipeline is a new stem that we have planned sometime in the middle of next year. We'll get more specific around timing maybe in the January call, but that's kind of an exciting stem, which has some features that surgeons like and a little bit of a gap in our portfolio. But overall, still a pretty good quarter.

Yes. I'd just like to add one comment. The other part of the physio business is called Public Access. So that's outside of the emergency in the hospitals. And that business really got very, very quiet in the second quarter. It came to a halt almost, and so that will come back. That will probably be a little slower, maybe more in the first quarter, second quarter of next year. 
So Sage will come back a little bit sooner, maybe towards the end of the year. And then Public Access will come back maybe in the first or second quarter of next year. So there are parts of the business that are drags right now that will turn positive. And there are, of course, some pops that we got from the pandemic that will start to moderate.
But we love our Medical business. We love the leadership we have in that business, and it will continue to be a really good performer for us.

Yes. Look, I'm not going to get into too many of the details about how we're doing it, but we are very pleased with our performance in ASCs. The Mako number in the third quarter in ASCs were the highest number we've had so far in ASC. So Mako is part of the solution. 
We had double-digit growth in our Sports Medicine business. And of course, that plays in the ASC primarily. And so those are the proxies that you could use to figure out sort of how we're doing in the ASCs is look at our sports med business, look at the growth that we're having with Mako. There's a lot of other products that we have that play very well in the surgery center market. And we've just basically created an aligned offense that aligns our divisions. 
As you know, in the hospital, we tend to operate very separately, and we go in by product category. We're not doing that in the ASC, and this aligned offense is really working very well. And I want to give credit to Andy Pierce and the entire team that sort of established this offense. It's working ahead of what I was expecting and feel very bullish about it going forward.

Sure. Thanks, Matt. So let me start with Mako. So we only have the hip approved right now in China. We don't have -- yet have the total knee. We hope to get that in the first or second quarter of next year. It's taking longer than we had expected. But we're on track. So we'll get it eventually approved. But we are getting sales in Mako for hip.
But of course, once you get the knee on the robot, and of course, the sales will start to really accelerate. There's just been a general pickup in general. So the pandemic, they've done a good job controlling the pandemic in the country. We've seen a pickup both in our Trauson business, which is our lower-priced products, as well as in the premium segment. So it's kind of, I would say, an across the board pick up that's occurring and really related to the coronavirus.
We had a great year last year in China, our best year on record and a good year the year before. We have a strong management team, both on the Trauson side and in the premium segment. As you know, that's been a more recent thing for Stryker. So I would expect that we'll continue to see that kind of performance since the market conditions have improved markedly.

Yes. Thanks. We intentionally slowed down M&A in the second quarter just because we were not sure what was going to happen with the pandemic. We asked the teams to sort of put their pencils down, stay active in discussions. But we really wanted to be sure that we -- we didn't know the recovery would happen quite this quickly. So we're pleased with that. 
We do have our M&A teams back up and running because of the Wright Medical and the debt that we're taking on because of that, we don't expect to be doing very large deals in the next year or so. But look for more tuck-in deals. 
But we do want to stay busy with M&A. We've said that to the rating agencies. Our teams are actively looking at targets that they sort of never really stopped. They did just slow down a little bit while we saw sort of a pace of recovery. But you should expect us to get back to our normal kind of tuck-in offense, which will complement the Wright Medical acquisition.

Yes. Thanks. We're really not ready yet to publicly talk about what the robotic offering is. It will be important for our Spine business, no question. Mobius did come with a robotic pipeline product. Once we're ready, we'll share. We're actively working on an offering. We're just not quite ready to share what that will be and what the time line is, but stay tuned.

Yes. Look, I would tell you, first of all, we weren't surprised by the sales. It wasn't weaker than expected. It was certainly negative sales growth. In fact, it was -- everything we had was a little better than expected in terms of the pace of recovery. 
The nature of the sales cycle for Sage, you need to have a lot of activity in the hospital, where you have procedures being done, where the products are being used because they're consumed as you have people in the ICU that -- people that are getting procedures done. And so the census in the hospital was lower in the second quarter for sure and certainly even in the third quarter. And they -- these products are bought in bulk, and they're put on the shelf because they're consumed daily. So you have this sales cycle that it sort of has to be depleted -- the inventories have to be depleted before they're reordered. 
So that's not at all a surprise. But the fact that the sales were negative. It just sort of explains why that, that was a drag in the U.S. on our Medical business. We don't have a very big Sage business outside the U.S., it's more of a U.S. phenomenon. 
But we love the products. In fact, we launched a new product, a self oral care product, which is really exciting in the midst of the pandemic, which is getting great customer feedback. But of course, that's just going to take time for that to be ordered and then put on the shelf. 
So once the ordering -- once the usage starts to happen and the inventory start to bleed down, we're going to get sort of this bolus of reordering. And again, that may not occur fully in the fourth quarter, but towards the end of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we'll expect Sage to get back to its normal very strong growth.

Yes. Look, software upgrades are important. They just help with the ease of use and really productivity for the surgeon. We did a software upgrade on hips in the second quarter. We are working on one for knees as well. 
The hip one had some very important -- but it wasn't just a software upgrade that had ease of use to do with registration, which is one of the frustration point for hips, but it also provides new information to the surgeon on pelvic tilt, which they're finding really beneficial. So I do expect it will cause -- it was already increasing the use of Mako for hips, but that will probably accelerate into next year. 
But that software upgrade is still being deployed in the field, and we'll share more about the knee software upgrade when that happens as well. So this is not new. We constantly look to provide better usability and usage factors for our surgeons. And that's a common thing. 
But I wouldn't call that an inflection point. It's just a continued good customer experience, which we like to have with all our products. The real boon is just the adoption of Mako, the success surgeons are having, the hospitals purchasing their second and third and fourth Makos, the growth in teaching hospital, the growth in surgery centers. There's just -- it's just kind of an inflection point that we're seeing that I think will continue to last for many quarters ahead.

Okay. Thanks, Joanne. So look, the first question, it's really just about when you're in a new market adoption, it's not easy to predict, right, how far will it go? Could robotics become standard of care as we've seen happen in some other procedure areas? Maybe. And if it becomes standard of care, you can do the math of how many hospitals who do robotic procedures and surgery centers that are being added that do robotic procedures. There's a  huge number of robots still to be sold. And so that's the underlying question is will it become the standard of care that's expected in all procedures? And we're obviously striving for that. And the industry is moving in this direction. The pace of the curve is really hard to predict. 
But your point's right. And what we're seeing is we always like to have surgeon champions with every robot that we sell. So we don't do mass sales of robots. We don't to see C-suite sales of robots without surgeon champions. That's just not the way we operate. And so what happens is the robots that we do sell get used right away. And when they're used, the surgeon shares their experience in the surgeon lines with the other orthopedic surgeons. And then they want to watch this procedure, they get interested, and then they'd like to use it. And then what happens is the robot's fully booked, and that surgeon gets frustrated and then goes to the administrators and says, "I'd like a robot for my procedures."
That's a dynamic that we've seen happen over and over again, and that will continue. So at this point, you know how many hospitals there are that do the procedures. It's a large number. And we think that there's a long, long runway. We're still in the early stages of robotic adoption in orthopedic procedures. 
Sorry, I lost the -- what was the second question again? Joanne, do you mind repeating that?

Oh, yes. Seasonality. So -- yes, sorry. On the seasonality question, Q4 is normally our strongest seasonally quarter that we have. And so November, December, it's really hard to predict this year. Will we see the same type of seasonal impacts? The surgeons are saying they still want to be busy hospitals and realize the importance of elective procedures to their own profitability. 
And so will we see the normal push? I don't know. The surgeons we talked to seem to think that they're going to be busy, but it's a question I can't answer because we really -- we've never been through this with a pandemic. But right now, we're not seeing any signs of something changing. It seems like that there's a normal dynamic outside of the pandemic. So as long as surgeons can go to operate, they're going to operate. And they've become very creative in terms of figuring out how to do their cleaning protocols. They're actually very efficient. Some hospitals are opening longer hours or even opening up on a Friday or on the weekends to stay busy. 
So we'll have to watch it closely, but I really don't have any new insights to provide. I don't expect something different from what we've seen in the past.

We're not really going to get into the time line. We believe that the robotics for shoulder is going to be compelling. Shoulder is a very difficult procedure to do as sort of more akin to partial knee than it is to total knee or total hips. And we believe it's going to be very, very compelling. 
We're excited about the progress that our team has made on the application, and we're not going to talk yet about when implants are going to be married with the robot, but we will be sharing that at a later date.

Yes. Listen, we're thrilled with the Mobius acquisition. We bought a terrific technology. Our biggest challenge, honestly, has been scaling up the manufacturing. So we've had very, very high demand for Mobius. It was a small company based in Shirley, Massachusetts, and we're just -- large challenges really scale up. And it's the same challenge we've had, frankly, with TSO3, which is the sterilizing company that we've bought. 
And a lot of times when we buy smaller companies, the demand tends to overwhelm us. And we have to go back to the design robustness and be able to scale the manufacturing, build new production lines. And so that's a high-class problem, I would call it. 
We're really, really pleased with the Airo product. It performs extremely well. It, frankly, had an increase in demand. In some cases, they were using it to look to do imaging for COVID. And so we've been, frankly, struggling to keep pace, but it's, like I say, a high-class problem. We're really excited about it. They also have good products in their pipeline as well. So it's a deal that will very much help correspond business for the long term. But we're still in the scale-up phase.

Yes. No, the vision is for it to be standard of care everywhere where we have an application. Now I think it will take longer. You've seen the adoption of hips has trailed knees. The adoption in partial knee was very, very strong. I think the adoption in shoulder will be very, very strong. Knees will continue. And then I think hips eventually, it's just going to take a little longer because, frankly, the satisfaction level of patients with hips has been quite good relative to knees or relative to shoulder. 
And I think over time, total ankles, there's many other areas that robotics will play in. And that's -- our expectation is that it will become standard of care. Just a question of how long will that take, and then what iterations are required for us to get there.

Yes. Look, we're accustomed to seeing our Neurovascular business do double-digit growth. This is something they've been doing for -- since we acquired the business almost. Once the target launches got rolled out and the ischemic segment started to grow and now that we have the flow diverting stent in the U.S. market, the China market is continuing to grow very, very strongly. 
So we expect to continue double-digit growth for some time with the tailwinds in ischemic and now really addressing flow diverting stent and Aspiration, we've really got a -- we've had a terrific management team for a long time that continue to be humming, and we expect that business to continue to perform extremely well.

Yes. Look, first, let's start by keeping in mind that a small number of our procedures, let's call it, around 10% of our large joint spine procedures that are being done in ASC. So it's not a big, big part of our business yet, but the trend is no doubt headed for more of these procedures being done in the ASC. Part of that is the change in Medicare around knees, and we expect that to happen in hips, and so it's a trend that was already happening pre-pandemic. It's a trend that will accelerate going forward. 
There's all kinds of prognostications about how much it will be. Could it be 50% of our procedures? It's hard to predict how fast it will move. But we believe we're really, really well positioned for this trend. 
And we do intend to be a multiline player. That's what the ASC actually wants. It's unlike how the hospitals buy. They have a different buying pattern in the surgery center. And the breadth of our portfolio is a huge advantage, and we plan to really leverage that strength wherever we can. 
So we're feeling very good about it. It's a trend that -- and in terms of pricing, we're not seeing really any change so far in the pricing dynamics. There is a constraint around capital. ASCs are much more capital sensitive. So we do tend to have more financing involved in surgery centers, but we're well equipped to do that with our Flex Financial. 
We've been doing financing for a long, long time. So we're feeling very good about our position to be able to win in the ASC. We do think it's going to be more important, and the trend will accelerate.

So thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q4 results with you in January. And this concludes the call.