Welcome to Stryker's Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Katherine with an update on MAKO. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A. 
Our momentum continued in the second quarter with organic sales growth of roughly 8%, which included 1 extra selling day. Our results were well balanced across businesses and geographies, reflecting the strength of our diversified model. 
Neurotechnology and Spine led the way with global organic sales growth of 12%, driven by excellent Neurotechnology growth of 16%. We were also encouraged by Spine organic growth of over 5% despite the challenging market backdrop.
MedSurg grew 7% organically with strong Instruments performance behind its latest-generation power tool, while Endoscopy growth slowed owing to tough year-over-year comparisons. 
Orthopaedics organic growth of 7% was once again led by knees and Trauma and Extremities. MAKO momentum continues with over 550 robots installed globally, and with high demand, we are confident regarding the outlook for continued strong robot sales.
Internationally, emerging markets grew double digits, and we had strong performances in Canada, Europe and Japan. 
Our focus on cost transformation for growth, CTG, initiatives remain a key priority and is driving meaningful improvement in our operating margin, which increased roughly 50 basis points in the quarter despite acquisition-related dilution. 
We continue to make meaningful investments in our product portfolio across the businesses, with R&D coming in at 6.5% of sales. These investments, coupled with expanding our sales and marketing teams, are a key factor behind our top line growth, which remains at the high end of med tech.
With the strong organic sales growth and operating margin expansion, we delivered adjusted per-share earnings of $1.76, topping our targeted range of $1.70 to $1.75 for the quarter. Given our solid first half performance and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we now look for organic sales growth of 7% to 7.5% and adjusted per share earnings of $7.22 to $7.27 a share despite a less positive outlook on foreign currency.
Before I turn the call over to Katherine, I'd like to take a moment to thank David Floyd on his planned retirement from Stryker. David has had a long and successful career in Orthopaedics and has been a tremendous contributor to Stryker's success since joining us nearly 6 years ago. With the pending retirements of both David and Lonny Carpenter, we have adopted a new operating model and appointed Tim Scannell to President and Chief Operating Officer. We have also appointed Andy Pierce and Spencer Stiles to group president roles and named new presidents for Instruments and Endoscopy, Dylan Crotty and Brent Ladd.
As you know, we have many initiatives underway through our CTG program. With Tim as COO, we expect to drive greater efficiencies and speed of execution. Our new commercial structure will encourage greater collaboration and promote globalization across the company. We will remain highly decentralized with sales, marketing, R&D and business development, which is our proven offense. It's a credit to our focus on talent development to have so many leaders ready to take on greater responsibilities. For me personally, I'm committed to remaining as CEO of Stryker for many years to come. I believe this structure will allow us to drive exceptional results and continue to drive high growth despite becoming a progressively larger company. 
As you've seen over the past 5 years, we have consistently outpaced the market and have accelerated sales growth meaningfully. And we plan to continue this momentum through the remainder of this year and beyond.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Sure, David. As you've seen, we've had a very stable growth platform now for well over a year. And what I mean by stable is, across businesses and across geographies, we're really performing very well. From quarter-to-quarter, you see some variability between one division and another division, but it's really the balance across our portfolio that gives us the conviction that we can continue to sustain north of 7% organic growth. And that's why we moved our organic growth up. Now we moved it up at the end of the first quarter. We've moved it up again at the end of the second quarter, of course, based on year-to-date performance but as well as the outlook. And really, I don't want to single out any one business. It's really broad-based strength across our portfolio.

Bob, let me start by saying that our capital allocation philosophy has not changed, and it's been consistent for the entire time I've been the CEO. Our first priority is M&A. Our second is dividends, which grow roughly in line with earnings. And third is share buybacks. So there's been absolutely no change in that. As it relates to the management changes, we've become a much bigger company. And as you become bigger, you look for opportunities to refine the organization. We had 2 retirements, one, Lonny Carpenter, a long-standing executive; and then David Floyd, who had spent 6 years as the Head of Orthopaedics. So this gave me the opportunity to revisit our structure and really to provide greater growth potential for a lot of our leaders as we become larger. The CEO and COO model works very well. We did a lot of benchmarking, and I spoke to many other CEOs of other companies about how that model works. And in Tim Scannell, I think, I have an outstanding COO that really knows the Stryker culture and will be a terrific partner for me. But it also gives a lot of opportunities to other leaders who have really demonstrated great performance over time. So I wouldn't read anything more into that at this stage of our development as a company. And in my tenure as the CEO, this is sort of a nice, logical move really based -- triggered by the retirements.

And when we enter into a competitive account, Rick, just to add a little color, often times, it's with 1 surgeon champion. And it does take time for other surgeons within that facility to express an interest. And so it's one of those curves that's maybe kind of logarithmic, so it starts off quite slowly, and then it accelerates as you have more surgeons at the account expressing an interest and adopting. So I would still say we are in the early stages. Obviously, this is the third consecutive quarter where we feel very good about our growth versus the market. Obviously, not everyone has reported yet, but we feel very encouraged by the progress, not just in the sales of the robot but actually the adoption of procedures. But again, it's still early in our cycle.

So I'll start with Endoscopy. If you look back over the last 2 years, it's been a tremendous grower for Stryker. So it's not just 1 quarter or the last 2 quarters. If you go back quite a ways, it's been a really strong performer really since the launch of the 1588 camera. This quarter, obviously, it dipped a little bit, but it's nothing that concerns us. The sports medicine and the communications business units continue to grow very well in the double-digit range. And from quarter-to-quarter, you can have a little bit of volatility related to capital. We also had a very strong prior year quarter. NOVADAQ will start to roll into organic sales in the month of September. So just a little bit of an impact in the third quarter, and you'll see that going forward. So we feel very good about the leadership we have in our Endoscopy business and that we can continue to see very strong growth going forward, albeit 1 slightly slower quarter this quarter. But it's been a very, very positive business and will continue to be going forward.

Yes, I'd just add they did have negative growth in the second quarter. And obviously, we're going to have very strong growth for Sage in the third quarter and then a little less strong in the fourth quarter. And obviously, the fourth quarter is a big quarter for all of Stryker, so its impact -- the Sage impact on the fourth quarter will be fairly muted, but certainly a strong impact on the third quarter.

So the extremities as a whole, whether it's foot and ankle or shoulder, was again the engine of growth for our Trauma and Extremities business. Overall, as you've seen over the past 4 or 5 years, we've had terrific growth in absolute terms as well as versus the market. We had very strong comps from the prior year, but yet still posted a very strong number. So it's been a multifactorial story here, where we've filled out a Foot & Ankle portfolio that's been strong double-digit growth for multiple years. We now have a nice shoulder portfolio. That's -- even though a small business, it's contributing robust growth. And then, we've been converting hospitals, and we've had a pretty good track record over the past few years of being able to convert entire hospitals, which is really more in the Trauma area. So it's been a broad-based program across the Trauma and Extremities business and a multi-quarter, multiyear success story. So we're very pleased with where we are with that portfolio, and we look forward to continuing to grow.

Yes. So any softness that you see in Endoscopy is really more linked to the core camera business, not to NOVADAQ. We're actually very pleased with the second quarter performance and continue to be very bullish about this acquisition.

And there were no unusual one-timers in the quarter. It was really a terrific performance across the businesses.

And I would say we are very pleased with the robot sales, the actual number sold in the second quarter. And the level of interest is still extremely high. So I expect continued strong robot sales regardless of competitive activity.

Yes. Europe really had a terrific second quarter, and this year, once again, will be accretive to Stryker's overall growth rate, which it has been every year since we launched the Transatlantic Operating Model.

Thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the third quarter 2018 results will be held on October 25. Thank you.