Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Jason Beach, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Jason with the trends we saw during the quarter and updates on Vocera and capital equipment. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.
For the quarter, organic sales growth was 10%, with double digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, led by endoscopy, medical and neurocranial. Our hip and knee businesses also delivered double digit growth, reflecting the continued recovery of elective procedures and our worldwide Mako momentum. Lastly, we continued our strong international performance, with double digit organic growth, led by Europe, Canada and emerging markets, despite negative growth in China. 
For the quarter, we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.12 a share, driven by our strong sales performance, partially offsetting negative foreign currency and inflationary pressures. We expect these pressures to continue but at a more moderate level for the remainder of 2022. We are pleased with our strong sales growth, which would have been even higher if not for material shortages mostly affecting medical and instruments. Meanwhile, we are taking actions to deal with the cost headwinds, including inflationary challenges. 
First, as noted in Q2, given the higher input costs, we took a series of pricing actions across our portfolio. We have begun to see the impact of these initiatives, lessening the negative price impact on our business in Q3, but it will take time to see the full effect, given the timing of contract renewals and rebates from prior contracts expiring. 
Second, we have taken additional actions around cost, including the reduction of discretionary items, hiring actions, and are proceeding with target restructuring plans in parts of our business. We continue to invest in R&D, demonstrating our continued focus on new product pipelines. This includes investments in R&D for enabling technologies, robotics, imaging and navigation, including our recently launched Q Guidance navigation system in spine. 
Notably, we are making good progress with the development of our spine and shoulder applications for Mako. We have stopped the Cardan spine robotic project to focus all our energies on Mako and expect that the Mako spine and shoulder launches will occur in a similar time frame. 
Also during the quarter, we signed an agreement to purchase Cerus Endovascular, a technology leader in the hemorrhagic segment. This deal is pending customary closing conditions. We remain confident in the outlook of our business and expect to continue to deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech, which is reflected in our narrowing of full year organic sales growth to the higher end of our prior range, now 8.5% to 9%. However, worsening foreign currency and continued inflationary pressures have caused us to lower our full year adjusted EPS range to $9.15 to $9.25 per share. 
Overall, our team has shown good resiliency, and I'm pleased that employee engagement remains very high. We continue to be recognized across many countries, professions, gender and age groups as a great place to work, most recently as one of the world's best workplaces by Fortune. 
As we look ahead to 2023, we feel optimistic about growth with high customer demand and exciting new product launches. Though the inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges will continue to impact next year, the strong growth outlook, combined with our pricing and cost actions, will position us well to return to strong earnings growth. 
I will now turn the call over to Jason.

Yes. Thanks, Robbie. As you know, we're going to give specific guidance in January, as we always do. But I did make that comment in my opening remarks to signal that this year is an aberration. We will get back to strong earnings, which does absolutely imply margin expansion in 2023. But specifics, we'll get to you in January.

Yes. Larry, what I'd add is our problems are in the MedSurg side of our business. And on the MedSurg side of our business, we're not going to lose sales. So if we have problems in the implant side, those sales would be lost to competitors. In this case, customers are waiting. The products aren't urgent. We do have a plan to get these products to our customers. 
Medical's numbers, which were pretty impressive at 13-plus percent organic, would have been materially higher because of the emergency care demand, and the same with Instruments. Those are the 2 divisions that had the most impact. Frankly, we have a lot of niggling issues across our portfolio, but those 2 divisions were severely impacted in Q3. You'll see some recovery in Q4 and into next year. But I really don't expect to lose any of those sales, which gives me a lot of confidence going into next year that our positive sales trajectory will continue.

Yes. Just one last comment to add. What I'm really encouraged by is quarter after quarter after quarter, we're seeing the knee -- Mako as a percent of our total knees go up, hips as a percent of -- Mako Hips as a percent of total hips go up. Cementless percent of total knees go up, and cementless tends to correlate very well with Mako. So all of those metrics are heading the right direction. Yes, we've had some more delays in getting these robots installed and sold to our customers, but Q4 will be good and will continue our positive trajectory.

Okay. Sure. I'll stay in the land of qualitative, Vijay, at this time of the year. But first, we are seeing a tailwind in procedural demand. So procedures are recovering around the world, a little slower in the Asia Pac regions. But given what happened with COVID, we expect that tailwind, as you saw, with very good growth in our Hip and Knee business, that will continue into fourth quarter, and I think a pretty modest or moderate tailwind in throughout 2023 and maybe even into 2024. So that's one positive tailwind.
We have a number of new products we're launching: System 9 camera in the early part of the year -- sorry, System 9 power tool in the early part of the year; [ 1780 ] camera around the middle of the year; and then we've got a defibrillator, which is a little less certain on timing because it's a PMA product, but the LIFEPAK perhaps towards the latter part of the year. But those are big, massive and important products.
And you know what happens when we launch those products. I kind of call it a super cycle within MedSurg of new product launches. We have the Insignia Hip Stem, which is less than 50% of the way it launched. You know that these implant launches take multiple years to get all the sets out into the field, but tremendous momentum. You saw our Hip numbers have looked good the last couple of quarters relative to competition because of the Insignia stem, and that will just continue to gain steam going forward. So those are a number of the positives.
What I'd say on the order book side, that we know we have this big, big backlog of orders that customers are willing to wait for, in many cases, especially in emergency care. Orders are not being canceled. That gives us a lot of confidence that the demand is there. We just have to make sure we can get the supply to the customers. And we've been securing chips. We've been securing different products. But as Glenn mentioned, it's been hit and miss along -- sometimes it's just a resin, sometimes it's a small component. So there's been spottiness.
It's getting better, but it's kind of getting better slowly. So we'll fight our way through that probably in the first half of next year. But tremendous demand in the absence of new products, and those new products will just sort of give us extra momentum going into next year. I just picked a few. But -- sorry for some of my divisions. I didn't mention the hip, the shoulder, the foot & ankle. And so there's a lot of other ones, but those are sort of the -- some of the big ones.

And even Endoscopy, who had a very strong Q3, they grew their orders as well in the quarter. So they will also have another strong quarter in Q4. So it's really across our portfolio where the demand is very, very strong. And we're not seeing sort of a capital slowdown, which I know I've heard out that some other companies mentioned. We're just not seeing that in our orders. We're not having orders canceled.
It's kind of -- it's something I haven't seen in my tenures here of customers ordering things and then canceling it. So we feel very good about our position. Orders have not slowed down. They just continue to grow. Just one little example, which I really enjoy, is on Vocera, we've now integrated that with our ProCuity bed. So the alerts for falls from the bed actually goes straight to the badge, and we're already showing this to our customers and getting really wild, positive feedback from customers on this.
And again, it's early days, but the ProCuity momentum, which really powered our strong Medical growth this quarter, is just building. And it's kind of the second year of the launch. It's really just gaining steam. And now with its interoperability with Vocera, that provides an extra bit of energy to that business.

Yes. Thanks. We've seen a slow market this year in the U.S. in Neurovascular, not exactly sure why. There's a number of different theories out there as to why the market itself has been slow. I'd say that's probably most of it. But there are new competitors in both aspiration as well stent retrievers. The FDA has kind of reduced the requirements, the clinical requirements in those categories. So there are a number of new players, which affects part of it.
But the market has been soft. And maybe it's a COVID issue that some of these patients that would have had strokes are not having strokes because of the mortality effects of COVID. It's hard to know exactly why, but the market has slowed down definitely in the U.S. I think that's probably the bigger portion, but there are also some competitive pressures.
Keep in mind that for us, the U.S. is much smaller than our OUS business in Neurovascular, has always been that way. It's the one business that kind of has the reverse of the rest of our portfolio. So we continue to feel bullish about the long-term prospects on this business. We're only treating a small percentage of people that have strokes. And as I noted in my opening remarks, we've just completed -- signed an agreement for a tuck-in acquisition in the [ intraocular ] space.

Well, EPS growth, as I mentioned, there'll be a combination of price. And in fact, some businesses are taking on their second round of price increases. And having the timing of those start to really appear as contracts roll off. So price is one component. Cost reduction clearly is another component.
The restructuring, these actions are very targeted. So it's really around things we were going to do anyways to improve our processes. We're just accelerating those activities. We'll see some of that this year. We'll see some of that into early part of next year, and it will have an impact in our earnings per share, for sure, next year.

I was going to say one last comment before. We will get mix benefits from the new products that we launched. So that's one thing to -- and you won't see that in the price line, but we'll definitely get that benefit through the P&L, which helps our earnings.

Yes. You know what, we're not ready to give you a time line now. I wouldn't expect it next year. But in one of the next upcoming calls, perhaps January or the one after that, we will give you some expected time lines. The reason that they're coming out at the same time now, there's 2 things. One is Spine's kind of moved ahead in its pace, and Shoulder kind of moved back a little bit because we had to adapt to the Tornier implants and bring in the Blueprint software and marry that with Mako.
So we were on a certain time line with Stryker shoulder implants, but we wanted to switch to the Tornier implants. They're the market-leading implants. So we had to sort of delay that one. But Spine has been moved forward. So the team has done a terrific job. We had 2 projects that we're pursuing: the Cardan one as well as Mako. Mako is going to be the answer for us. We've already started to show some surgeons, and we've received very, very positive feedback on that.
So we're excited. And so again, the timing, hopefully, possibly as early as January, I'll give you more specifics on it. As you know, robots are complicated. That's why we're sort of hesitant to first give you time lines until we feel more confident. But I'd say that a lot of the challenges that we had before, we've overcome. And we've had good meetings with the FDA. We're on a very good trajectory on both of those projects. Hard for me actually to know which one will be first. They'll come out pretty -- in pretty close proximity to each other.

Okay. And related to your question on ASCs, we -- our offense continues to exceed our expectation. Just the bundle that we provide for the ASC to make life easy for them has been very well received. Close to half of the deals that we win includes a Mako in these orthopedic ASCs. We've now crossed sort of the 10% mark of large joints that are done in ASCs.
It keeps going up, not at a rapid rate, but it's a steady climb. And to your point, the gating factor is just construction and refurbishment of these ASCs to enable more procedures. But every hospital system I talked to is preparing themselves for another -- a new ASC. It's a trend that had started prior to COVID and has accelerated. And we expect that, that will continue.
But we love our position. The breadth of our portfolio, having capital, disposables and implants puts us in a really leading position. And Mako's, as I said, almost half the time are included, and that gives us a giant advantage.

Yes. Just last point on mix. I think Australia is one of the big, big markets for Stryker. And they've been hit by COVID and delays, and they do expect a stronger -- it's already started. We're seeing that start to build, and that's a highly profitable business as well. So those are -- that's another element of mix we're going to see improve in Q4 versus Q3.
And then your other question, I'm not sure I totally got it, but I think you were talking about different procedures and how we're seeing the recovery. And clearly, hip and knees, we're seeing robust recovery. There's big waiting lists, which in the U.K. and physicians who took -- maybe took some time off in summer a little bit more than they normally would given coming off the COVID are very busy now, and they're starting to operate more. As much staff is available for them, the more they're going to operate. And staffing is still a little bit challenged, but it's been gradually improving.
So there, we see robust kind of growth going into next year. Spine has been a little bit more choppy, to be honest. And I don't think it went down as much as hip and knees did. If you look at the Omicron variant and everything that -- spine procedures were still a little bit more resilient. And so we're not seeing that pop quite at the same extent as we are in our hip and knee.
And I mentioned already Neurovascular in the U.S. where the market is soft, and that's the one that -- I saw some comments related to TAVR that talked about the market being a little bit soft. And I wonder if that patient profile with all these comorbidities, there might be something similar that could be impacting the ischemic stroke portion of the market. So that, hopefully, answered that part of your question.

Sure. Sure. At a high level, COVID has had a delayed impact in a lot of Asia Pacific. And we certainly expect it to get better. We're already seeing it. Japan had a really nice quarter this quarter. Australia will pick up in Q4. Some of the ASEAN countries are improving. So I do expect the outlook to be better next year in Asia Pacific overall than this year.
Our emerging markets had really robust double-digit growth in spite of China being slightly negative. It was negative, really driven by volume-based procurement in the orthopedic side of our business, and pretty good performance on the MedSurg and Neurotechnology side of the business. But we, finally, after many years, started to build tremendous momentum in Latin America as well as emerging Europe, at least in Africa, where we're gaining really tremendous momentum with -- really driven by Mako as well as our 1688 camera. That's driving really strong growth this year. And I think that should continue going into next year.
Even India has really had a terrific year this year. And as you know, we've had our share of challenges in the past. So I would say the international story for Stryker is starting to click. As you saw since 2019, our international organic growth has outpaced the U.S., and that did not happen in my first 7 years as CEO. And I do expect that to continue. And frankly, the COVID tailwind should really cement that going forward.

Yes. Look, it's a great question. I would tell you, this year has been extremely frustrating, unlike any year I've had where, to be honest, we misestimated. We thought early on, we were going to have 100 to 200 basis points of pressure. And now Glenn is saying it's 250. So that's something we did not call. It's been difficult to predict.
I think one of the steps that we're taking, which is really kind of exciting, is as you move to new products, so as we move to System 9 and as we move to 1788, we're using new-generation chips. And the supply availability is actually quite high for new-generation chips. And so the faster we can migrate to new products, it actually helps secure our ability to have supply.
And so we are pushing our R&D teams really hard to be able to shift to these newer products. Because our challenge is, frankly, the older-generation chips. And that's why emergency care is so pressured, emergency care being defibrillators primarily, because their PMA products, we can't just swap the chip out. It goes through a whole regulatory regime, and those are older-generation chips. So the faster we can migrate to new products, the faster that secures our chip availability.
It's been kind of a moving target. As we secure chips with one supplier, we have a new problem with another supplier. And even things like resins. And so it's been a very unusual and tough year, but it's slowly getting better, Rick. And as we launch new products, that will get us really healthy because new chips aren't the problem. Our problem is really getting the old electronics.
And frankly, the camera business, I give our Endoscopy team a lot of credit that they were able to actually qualify some new products. And because it's not PMA, they were able to really drive good growth, but it's been a scramble. And we're hopeful that things get stable. Really, I think we're going to be in this soup for probably another couple of quarters by the middle of the year. And then I think skies will start to clear.
But you know what, that's -- I don't have a total crystal ball, and we haven't been right this year. But that's sort of how it looks right now, that they'll still be a little choppy, but it's just moderately getting better as we go through the year.

Yes. I'm very bullish on ProCuity. It's a fantastic product, and the cross-sell capability with Vocera, where we were strong, let's say, with ProCuity or beds and Vocera wasn't as strong for Vocera. Conversely, Vocera was strong, but we didn't have a strong bed position. That cross-sell opportunity is already presenting itself. We've been in front of some very big accounts, and we're showing them this integrated system. And we've already gotten some orders. And so I'm bullish. It had a terrific third quarter. We're trying to make them as fast as we can right now, which is a high-class problem. And so I think you're going to see very good results for ProCuity. It's a winning bed, and Vocera is just going to add gas to the fire.

Yes. So starting with Foot & Ankle, they had a really terrific Q3. The highest growth within Foot & Ankle is coming out of our total ankle where we have a clear market leadership. That had double-digit growth. But even though the midfoot, forefoot procedures are picking back up, as you know, the pandemic did kind of slowed them the most somewhat, but they had a very good Q3. We had a number of new launches in that category, forefoot launches. So we're feeling very good about that going forward.
But it was a strong Q3 that contributed to -- especially in the United States, that contributed to the double-digit growth that we had in Trauma Extremities in the U.S. in the second -- oh, Q Guidance, yes, we had really terrific feedback because it's an incredibly fast, internally developed camera. Much faster than what you see the competition using. It also actually provides suggestions about which screws to use. And so that's very novel as well.
And that will be the camera that will be ported to Mako for the future, and it really simplifies the workflow. Very, very positive feedback. That contributed to the strong enabling technology performance. So we had a number of very good sales of the Q Guidance System in Q3, and that's picking up into Q4. So, so far, so good on that launch.
Obviously, we still want it to get to Mako. And we also have another project called Copilot. That's the kind of an internal code name, which is really around drills and providing some haptic feedback, which we were able to show some of the surgeons at NASS to great feedback because that doesn't exist in the market today.
So we have a pretty comprehensive portfolio and enabling technology for Spine. It's going to take us some time to bring these additional products to the market, but Q Guidance was very well received, especially because of the speed and efficiency that we offer without requiring them to change their workflow.

We'll be more precise in January, but that's a pretty good starting point.

Yes. So let me first say that the Vocera disruption is very different than K2M disruption. K2M is an overlap deal, where you have the same sales reps selling the same kinds of products. That's the hardest kind of deal to integrate. Frankly, we learned a lot from K2M that we then put into our Wright Medical integration, which has gone extremely well. That's more analogous where the Foot & Ankle as an example, or upper extremities, you have overlapping reps.
Vocera is not an overlap deal. So that one is going to be a lot easier to get through. We did the same thing with Physio-Control. If you remember, we merged the emergency care, our powered costs for the ambulances with defibrillators, and we merged that sales force. And we had some disruption in the first year, but we got through it pretty fast. And then we got into a torrid double-digit kind of growth trajectory thereafter.
So Vocera will have a little bit of disruption. It's not just because of the sales force, but also because we'd like to move more of the business to the cloud, which will be better for us and better for our customers long term versus being on-premise. And so we don't mind taking a little bit of pain in the -- for the next quarter or 2. But thereafter, you should expect that to be able to sing. It's a lot easier from an integration standpoint. This is just running the Stryker offense without having to have reps competing.
As I think about spine, it's obviously the most competitive market we play in. It's a very tough market. K2M was not a very expensive acquisition compared to alternatives that we looked at, at the time. It's been an okay deal. It hasn't been one of our best deals, but it solved a problem for us where we would have frankly been growing below-market rates had we not done the deal. We were able to kind of hang on to be able to grow around market rates with some good innovation. And now that we've got our enabling technology road map, I'm actually pretty excited about spine in the future.
It's going to continue to be a bit of a dogfight through sort of the end of next year, but going into '24, already with Q Guidance, we have a bit of a spring in our step, a new expandable distribution deal with Life Spine. So we're starting to feel a little bit of momentum, our [ Monterey ] new launch as well.
So we're starting to feel a bit of momentum, but it -- not having a robot is a problem. We do have this project with Mako that will help solve that problem. And we are committed to spine long term. But clearly, it is the most challenging market of all. But certainly don't -- for me, Vocera will have probably roughly flat sales growth year-over-year for Q4, Q1, and then you should expect Vocera to start to zoom after that.

Yes. I think hip and knees are the areas where I think it's not just a Stryker thing. I think the market will be more robust. And certainly, you can talk to our competitors, and I think they would share that osteoarthritis doesn't improve itself. These patients are going to need these procedures. Aging population and demographics play in our favor. And I think you're going to see that tailwind.
It's just -- I just don't think it's going to be -- surgeons aren't going to be operating on weekends, and their staff's not available to have a big spike and then kind of a return to normal. That's why I think it will be a gradual tailwind for multiple quarters. But those are -- that's the business I think you're going to see that kind of sustained positive momentum on the surgery volumes.

For the full year.

Percentage.

Well, thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year-end 2022 results with you as well as our 2023 guidance in January. Thank you.