Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations.
For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on Mako and Mobius. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A.
As I start my eighth year as CEO of Stryker, I am feeling as good as ever about our performance and our outlook for the future. Our Q3 organic sales growth of 8.6% demonstrated balanced strength across business segments and regions. With over 8% organic sales growth year-to-date, we are well positioned to deliver toward the higher end of our most recent full year guidance of 7.5% to 8% growth.
Orthopaedics had an impressive quarter with organic growth of nearly 9%, reflecting excellent results across the portfolio of Mako, Hips and Knees. MedSurg continued its strong and steady growth, coming in at approximately 9% as Medical led the way with double-digit growth. Neurotechnology and Spine was up approximately 8% as strong double-digit growth in international helped offset soft legacy Stryker U.S. Spine performance.
On a geographic basis, total Stryker organic sales growth approached 8% in the U.S., with robust gains of nearly 12% outside the United States. As you know, international has been an area of focus and has become a sustainable and consistent above-market grower. This quarter, we had double-digit organic growth in Europe, Japan and Canada. And emerging markets once again grew strong double digits. Looking ahead, we expect international to be a source of high growth for many years to come. Our conviction stems from several factors, including our lower relative market shares, investments in our Transatlantic Operating Model and the benefits from strengthened leadership in emerging markets.
Turning to the P&L. We saw good results from our Cost Transformation for Growth initiatives, which translated into a 50 basis point year-over-year expansion after absorbing deal-related dilution and impacts from foreign currency. We also continue to invest in sales, marketing and R&D to support our long-term growth targets and have a healthy pipeline of new products across our divisions.
Overall, with our strong sales performance and margin expansion, we achieved adjusted per share earnings of $1.91, up 13%. With our outstanding management teams, ongoing investments in our sales forces, new product launches and contribution from M&A, we expect the strong momentum to continue through Q4 and into 2020.
I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Yes. Robbie, this is Kevin. Right now, as I sit here today, I feel very similar to how I felt at this time last year. So without getting into all the specifics, we just have terrific momentum across our business and across our geographies. And I sort of made that statement last year and you've seen the way 2019 has unfolded. So without getting specific about numbers and specific businesses, on an overall basis, we're feeling very, very good about the health of our business and kind of imagine 2020 turning out to be very similar.

In Hong Kong.

Okay. Well, thanks for squeezing in 2 extra questions here, David, but we'll answer them, no problem. So the first thing I'd tell you on Spine, we're really executing our program and our plan and do expect acceleration next year. I'm not going to get specific as to what degree of acceleration there will be. We took a lot of pain early with the sales force, getting them all restructured. But this is the first time we've done this type of an integration and really getting the inventory to scale for all of the Stryker salespeople that were dying to sell some of the K2M products has taken longer than we thought, just getting the sales forces all fired up and getting competitive hires back on track. These things, we're following the right path. We're very optimistic that we've made the right decisions. Our ability to forecast, obviously, was a little bit off, but we're still growing, which I think is different than most other spine integrations.
Overall, our combined businesses are growing year-over-year not mid-single, low single, but still growing. And we do believe we're on the right path, and it's really more of us executing our plan than any other market factors.

It's been 7, Rick. This is Mike. I'm starting my eighth. So it's been 7. It has been 7 wonderful years. Thank you.

Yes. Across our businesses, whether it's Mako or whether it's our MedSurg businesses, we see a very healthy capital environment. So our order book, you've seen the sustainability of our sales growth over the past couple of years. And capital equipment has been just as strong as our implants and our disposables. And we really aren't seeing any change. I would say it continues to be a healthy market for capital equipment.

Yes. Thanks. I'm currently in my first year of a 2-year term as the Chairman of our trade association, AdvaMed. We continue to believe that the med tech tax will not be reinstated at the beginning of next year and will be suspended. We are pursuing multiyear suspension at this point. Even repeal is something that we, obviously, is the ultimate goal, but we're not optimistic just based on the realities of what's going on in Washington that, that will happen. But remain, continue to remain optimistic on a multiyear suspension, and we continue to lobby for that. There are a number of vehicles that we are hopeful we can attach this to between now and the end of the year.

Yes. I think the bigger factor is this Trident II hip cup is really terrific. It is 3D-printed. It is very, very modern and we're getting phenomenal feedback. And it's being used with a variety of different stems. So we had a very good stem portfolio, but the cup really did need to be changed. And that is being used both with Mako and with standard instruments.

Yes, sure. The most challenging aspect has been the demand for the K2M products from the legacy Stryker sales force. So it's a pretty large sales force. The K2M offered some really terrific innovative products and we've just had challenges scaling the demand, both for the implants as well as the instruments that are needed to put in the implants. And so the demand was very high. We knew which products they would like, but it's been a real challenge to scale. They use OEM manufacturers. And to scale the manufacturing and be able to deploy all of that has been challenging and more challenging than we first anticipated.

Kristen, I'd just like to add before your follow-up. I'd just like to add that this Medical business has been really a consistent and terrific performer over multiple years and I think sometimes is not fully appreciated for its growth. I mean we had double-digit growth organic in the U.S. last year. And we, on top of that, posted another double-digit quarter of organic growth. So it's stable and strong performance, terrific leadership with a long-tenured president and terrific general managers. And the ability to sell, even if you look at physio, without a full bag of new products, driving very, very high growth. So it's really a terrific division of our company, and I expect continued very strong growth in the future.

Total addressable market.

Yes. Just to add, I would say that Japan and China are the 2, I would say, big market opportunities for Mako. There's opportunity across the world. As you can see, we have well over 100 robots placed outside the United States. And so there are many other countries. I think India will be interesting, but it's going to take longer in India for that to play out. But Japan and China are the 2 priorities in the near term.
On your question related to shoulder. So as you know, we launched a short-stem shoulder earlier this year. We still do not have very much of a dedicated sales force. We have a very sort of small business. We're very pleased with the growth, but it's a fragmented procedural base and we have a few dedicated salespeople in the large MSAs but don't really have the scale yet to have a fully dedicated sales force. So it is shared with our joint replacement sales force.

Yes. So what I'd tell you is the same thing I said 4 years ago. When we launched the Transatlantic Operating Model, we said we're very underpenetrated. Europe was roughly 10%, 11% of our total sales. And we have a long runway to go. And every year since then, Europe has outgrown Stryker's growth rate. And Europe had never done that prior to the change. So we're delighted with this operating model change the way our division presidents have embraced it, the continued specialization of sales forces. We are still not as specialized in Europe as we are in the United States. We still have sales bags that are larger just because of the scale that we have in certain countries, in certain geographies. I expect that specialization to continue in Europe and that we have multiple years ahead of us of continuing to grow well above the market. So we're growing higher than Stryker's growth rate, which is multiples higher than the market growth in Europe.
But again, we're making up for lost time because our market shares are lower. I would dream of being able to have the same level of market shares as we have in the United States. It's going to take us time to get there, but we still have significant runway ahead of us. And that's why I call Europe a growth engine for Stryker, both inside the company as well as outside the company.

Yes. We're in very good shape with our preparation. We've been working at this for multiple years. Obviously, as we started to prepare for this, there were a number of SKUs that we've decided not to register because we've discontinued them. So it enabled us to do a bit of cleanup on our SKUs in general. But we believe we're in very good shape. We've made the necessary investments. Don't perceive that being any reason to call out as a risk for our momentum in Europe.

Thank you for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q4 results with you in January, at which time we will provide our 2020 guidance. Thank you.