Welcome to Stryker's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the current environment and our most recent acquisitions. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.  
I would like to start my comments by expressing my appreciation for the perseverance shown by our employees as they work through the many challenges that we faced during 2020. Throughout the year, we maintained high employee engagement while continuing to support surgeons and caregivers around the world.  
Our fourth quarter organic sales declined roughly 1%, reflecting the impact of a resurgence of COVID-19 infections, offset by a continuation of emergent procedures and strong performance by our large capital products. We are also excited about closing the Wright Medical deal during the quarter and the category leadership that we gained in the fastest-growing segment within the orthopedics market. Preston will provide some additional updates on the integration shortly.  
Throughout the quarter, we maintained the financial discipline instituted at the beginning of the pandemic, which, combined with a favorable tax rate, led to an adjusted earnings per share of $2.81 in the quarter, up approximately 13% versus 2019. And we delivered impressive cash flow from operations, which exceeded $3 billion for the full year.  
In addition to closing the Wright Medical acquisition, we also made progress in many areas that will provide future growth opportunities. We have established a structure focused on digital, robotics and enabling technology, where we see a significant opportunity to create a company-wide unified digital ecosystem, including Mako. We maintained our commitment to drive innovation across our various business units, including Neurovascular, where we gained new product approvals across Aspiration, stent retrievers and flow diverting stents, and in our MedSurg segment where we continue product introductions with a focus on safety and prevention.  
Finally, we successfully launched our ASC sales model, which leverages the Stryker portfolio to provide end-to-end solutions to meet the growing demand and shift to the outpatient setting. Our continued support for our customers and our commitment to innovation will position us well for growth as the pandemic eventually subsides.  
Turning to 2021. Our people and culture of execution remains strong, which will allow us to deliver on our commitment to make health care better and to resume our customary strong organic sales growth and leveraged earnings. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Preston.

Yes. Thanks, Bob. I would say, certainly, at the end of the year, really did we got that second wave spiking. And certainly, you saw that in the discretionary procedures, a pretty big slowdown after a pretty good month of October. And it really started to tail off November, December. 
On the large capital front, we're actually very excited. So what we experienced through Q2, Q3 and Q4 from an order book standpoint is continuing to be very strong. So that is really good news. It's good news for Mako. It's good news for Medical. 
On the small capital side, we've always said that, that tends to lag a little bit, the recovery in discretionary procedures. And you certainly saw that within certainly the Endoscopy division and the Instruments division, where I would say that those orders are maybe going to take a little longer to really come back in the same way. But overall, I mean, we have enough confidence now with the hospitals being ready to do these procedures as soon as the pandemic starts to subside, as soon as vaccines start to become more prevalent that they'll turn it on pretty quickly, and they'll be pretty agile. And that's why we feel pretty confident of being able to give, I think, a healthy guide, certainly going back off of '19, 8% to 10% organic. 
So we -- so it will spike throughout the year, starting with, obviously, a slower Q1. And the good news is we have the whole year. So even if the discretionary procedures drag a little bit, we saw in Q3 a pretty big spike once things started getting healthy. So over the course of the year, we're hoping that and believe that the guidance we'll be able to sustain. Even if it's maybe a little softer in Q2 and a little stronger maybe in Q3.

Sure. Sure, David. I mean without getting into every single division, what I would just give you as a macro comment is we feel that we have the right offense to continue to win in the market and to continue the strong growth. You saw for 7 straight years, we accelerated our organic growth, and 2019 culminated with over 8% organic growth. And I think that muscle that we developed, the structure that we have with our business units, the new product pipeline that we have, has positioned us to be an above-market grower. And we expect -- fully expect that, that will continue into 2021. 
There are obviously differences by divisions, but we feel like we're in a very healthy position overall. And that's what gives us confidence in the guide. 
Clearly, Wright Medical is a big acquisition. There are dis-synergies that we've assumed there. It was highly dilutive to the normal operation of our business. We'll see how that unfolds over the course of the year. The early signs of the integration are very positive, but we have put in some prudence there just based on what we've experienced with our K2M acquisition and what, frankly, all other implant companies have experienced with their integration.

Yes. No, we remain very bullish about our general replacement business as well as Mako. You saw just the increase in Mako is pretty remarkable to have almost 1 out of 2 knees being done on Mako, and it's not been that many years since we launched the system. So unlike Navigation in the past, which obviously never had this type of an uptake, we continue to have strong, not only installations of robots but utilization. And even Hips, we're seeing that continue to increase as well. And the new Hips software was installed in about 400 accounts in Q4. So we had the approval, obviously, earlier in the year. But because of the pandemic, it's taken us time to actually be able to go in and do the upgrades, but that will pick up steam again into 2021. 
So again, looking at 1 quarter, whether it's a positive or negative in a pandemic world, is not something I'm too concerned about. It's just based on where your regional strength is. If you happen to be in a state or locality that is doing procedures, then you got benefit, and if you didn't, you got hurt. So it's a little bit random during the pandemic, but structurally, I think we're in great shape with that business.

Yes. Thanks, Robbie. First of all, Neurovascular had a really terrific year. They had double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. They were obviously, just like everybody else, affected in the second quarter and into the third quarter. But double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, extremely exciting portfolio of products, new product introductions that -- obviously, with Aspiration, we have the Vecta 074 catheter out. We have the pump. They're doing very well. They have this flow diverting stent, the second-generation flow diverting stent approved in the United States that surpass Evolve. We have the first-generation flow diverting stent approved in China. Our Atlas stent, which is used to -- in hemorrhagic segment, adjunctive stent is doing extremely well in China. So we really have a great portfolio. And we have the NXT, the next-generation stent retriever as well recently launched. 
So a lot of new launches. This management team is truly outstanding. They've been in place since, frankly, we acquired the business. They have a very healthy pipeline of other products coming as well. So I'm very, very bullish on the Neurovascular business. They ended the year with great momentum, and I expect they'll continue to be a very strong performer in the years to come.

Yes. Sure. This is Kevin. I'll take that. First thing I would tell you is the introduction of competitive systems has not slowed down or make a momentum whatsoever, and we don't expect that to change with one more system on the market. If anything, it just proves to further validate that robotics is here to stay in orthopedics. And we really believe we have the best solution on the market, as evidenced by the uptake in the procedures. And we disclosed the fourth quarter, almost 1 out of 2 is in United States being used with Mako. So surgeons absolutely love our system, and they're using it at very, very high rates. 
There also is a synergy with the way that our system ensures an absolutely perfect cut and with haptics, which we're the only ones that have. That is very complementary with cementless. And you see both of those adoption rates moving in the same direction. So we love our chances of competing side-by-side with anybody, and we think this provides a further tailwind in the adoption of robotics in orthopedics.

Yes. So I'm not going to get into too much detail, just for competitive reasons, but I would say that I'm delighted with the ASC offense that we put in place. It involves people from different parts of Stryker that basically quarterback the deal and bring in multiple divisions based on the unique needs of every ASC. 
Every ASC is unique. Every deal is a customized deal. But the way we've navigated this enables incredible collaboration across our divisions. We've put just absolutely fantastic people in charge. And really, we have the breadth of our portfolio with capital, equipment, disposables and implants. And really, for the first time as a company, we're really leveraging that in the United States. We have had success with such models, sometimes in other countries around the world, but in the U.S., this ASC model has been truly fantastic, exceeded my expectations. And I'm bullish that they'll be able to continue to have great success in the ASCs. 
And frankly, Mako is often part of that formula in the ASC. Not always. We obviously had a presence before with sports, but that business, fortunately, has really started to grow. As you even heard in the fourth quarter, in spite of the pandemic, it grew over 9%. And so having a strong sports business plus all of our other businesses and now with Wright having Extremities, category-leading position, we just have a fantastic portfolio to serve the needs of the ASC, and now a commercial offense, again, not getting too specific, but let's just say, we make it easy for the ASC, and we provide customized solutions.

Yes. Thanks. So certainly, I'm delighted with the progress, both with Mako adoption as well as cementless. I don't think cementless will ever get to where it is with hips just because of bone stability. It's a weight-bearing joint. But clearly, we now see it's going to be significantly higher than 50%, which I think 5 years ago, nobody would have believed if we had said that. So that's pretty remarkable. 
In terms of the actual use of Mako. As you saw, we had a lot of robots installed this year. So I would expect that looking at the percentage of  knees done with Mako will continue to increase, same with hips. 
Outside the United States, it's taking a little longer, obviously, because of the approvals. But we're really excited about getting the total knee approved in China, Brazil and Russia. And certainly, Japan and China are going to be very, very good markets for us. Japan, we've made some progress already. The approvals took a little longer there as well. But the new hip software, of course, is also very important. As you know, there's a lot more hip procedures done in that part of the world. It's almost about the same as knees, unlike the United States. 
So we love the fact that we have multiple applications all approved in those markets and would expect you're going to see a similar kind of growth that you saw in the United States. It may not be quite as quick, and you've seen that, frankly, with Intuit in soft tissue robotics. The uptake is a little slower outside the United States. But we expect the same kind of runway longer term and are very bullish about the prospects, especially in China, Japan, Brazil, for sure, are going to be terrific markets for Mako.

We're not really ready to give time line yet. We have to get a lot closer to launch before we're going to be specific about time lines. I would say that I'm extremely bullish about shoulder. I think I've said that in the past. It's a very difficult procedure to do. There are enabling technologies within Wright that we're -- our teams are working on with our Mako teams. And we'd be very excited to be able to bring that to the market with their market-leading implants. But not yet ready for time lines. And same with Spine, not yet ready for time lines. We have 2 options for Spine. One is the robotic program that was being developed by Mobius prior to the acquisition as well as Mako. We have work going on in both areas but just not ready to give time lines. Robotics is complicated, and we will keep you posted.

Yes. So booms and lights certainly haven't been as positive as Mako and the beds and stretchers and certainly, the defibrillators because the Medical capital really did sort of have to ride a bit of a pandemic tailwind, if you will. And booms and lights large construction sort of slowed down a little bit. That should pick up starting next year. And that's part of the drag that you see within the Endoscopy division is the booms and lights portion. But certainly, in ASCs, they're busy, but certainly the large capital spend projects were delayed a little bit. They're starting to pick back up again. So that's obviously a smaller business, but then the overall Stryker. 
But Medical, we continue to feel bullish. So it's -- so we did get a bit of pandemic benefit. But this new bed that we've launched is really a fantastic product, getting great customer feedback. Sage has also picked up. So that was really hit hard in the second quarter, third quarter. Had a nice pickup in Q4. And that business will resume its high growth as the pandemic subsides. 
So the diversity of our portfolio is really -- that gives us the optimism that we're going to continue to see strong growth in Medical. And it wasn't just sort of a pandemic bump and then will suddenly drop because of the innovation in our portfolio and, frankly, just really, really strong commercial execution.

Yes. Sure. No, I would just say that it's -- those products are used in discretionary or elective procedures. So they were directly hit in the same way that you saw our other deferrable procedures being hit. And so because of the nature of those products, as the pandemic subsides, that growth will pick up. So there's nothing more to read into it than that. Our hospital behaviors are -- didn't really change either positively or negatively. It's if you can do the procedures, they'd use the products. If those procedures were sort of shut down, then those products weren't being used and then they weren't being purchased. So I would expect it to follow a similar pattern just based on other elective procedures.

Yes. I think the trend to the ASC is -- it was already accelerating prior to the pandemic. It's going to continue, without a doubt, especially for hip and knee procedures, foot and ankle procedures, even some basic spine procedures. So I think this is a permanent trend. It will continue. And obviously, now we have reimbursement coverage for hips as well as knees through Medicare. So I think this is a trend for the future. 
And I actually think it's not going to stop in United States. There's already countries like the U.K. and even Canada looking at moving to lower cost sites of care. It's a good thing for health care overall. And these surgery centers make good money. They're very profitable. They don't have the burden of the cost of large inpatient hospitals. So you can debate the actual pace of the curve, but there's no doubt in my mind that this is a trend that's going to continue to accelerate.

Okay. Sure. So I'll start with the second part. The world is obviously going more and more digital. We have a Stryker health cloud. There's all types of data that we're collecting from Mako that we want to be able to mine that data with thousands and thousands of procedures already being done and really connect that with sensors. So we really see this as not just limited to general replacement. It's going to be across all of our businesses, whether it's trauma, whether it's craniomaxillofacial, sports. And so this is something we're really excited about. And we named Robert Cohen the head of that business on behalf of all of Stryker. 
And so we already had initiatives going on in different parts of the company. We're sort of bringing it all together to really create more leverage and really be able to have Centers of Excellence around different types of technology blocks. 
And so to us, it's extremely exciting. Robert knows the company very, very well. As I think many of you know, Robert, very well positioned to lead this function for the company. And sorry, can you repeat the first question again? I'm sorry about that. I didn't catch that.

Oh, sports. Yes. So sports has been just a fabulous story for Stryker that when I joined the company almost 10 years ago, our Sports Medicine implant business was really tiny. Most people didn't even know we had a Sports Medicine implant business. And we have grown it pretty dramatically since then, primarily through internal innovation, but we've also done a series of very small acquisitions. One of them was Pivot, you may recall, for hip arthroscopy. 
More recently, we launched a lateral row anchor for shoulder, which has been, we call it, Omega, the product name, which is a fantastic product. We picked up -- through [ IVR ], we picked up another product as well, which -- these are all key fundamental products, whether it's in knee, whether it's in hip or whether it's in shoulder. So now we have all 3 of the joints very well covered in sports. And we are just growing at a very, very robust rate. And the timing couldn't be better with the shift to the surgery center and being able to use sports combined with our other divisions. 
Again, we really ported on in the last few years in sports with a lot of investment internally that we've done. And we have a fabulous leader. That business is run out of Denver. And we're really excited about the progress we've made in sports.

Yes. Sure. So clearly, Wright Medical had a much bigger shoulder business than Stryker. And a lot of the Stryker business, frankly, were you the hip and knee surgeons that also did some volume of shoulder. And the teams are obviously working on that through the sales deployment, figuring out which surgeons are going to be allocated to which salespeople. They made great progress on that front. 
And cross-selling opportunities will exist. But as Preston mentioned before, this integration is not going to be as tricky as the integration on foot and ankle, just given that we tended to -- they tended to be strong with the, I'll call it, fully dedicated upper extremity surgeons. And we tended to be stronger with those surgeons that did a smaller number, just as a general statement. So I think this integration is going to be terrific. 
We were really thrilled to be able to have the leader from Wright Medical take over the combined business of upper extremities. And their Head of Sales is also running the combined sales organization, and they're both outstanding leaders. And we are delighted not only to bring the business and the products of Wright Medical but being able to bring over some of their key leadership. Even the leader of our combined foot and ankle business came from Wright Medical. So not only are we bringing over great technologies, we're also bringing over great talent with that acquisition.

So thank you all for joining our call. Thank you. I'm very, very pleased to have 2020 behind us and looking forward to a strong year in 2021. We have to get through, obviously, the remainder of this pandemic. But as you saw from our guide, we are feeling very confident about the future. And we look forward to sharing our Q1 results with you in April. Thank you.