Welcome to Stryker's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Katherine with an update on Mako. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A. 
We finished 2019 on a particularly strong note, with Q4 organic sales growth of 8% despite notably difficult year-over-year comparisons. This performance helped propel full year organic revenue growth to 8.1%, topping the high end of our most recently raised target of 7.5% to 8%. 
2019 marks the seventh consecutive year of delivering accelerating organic sales growth, which has consistently been at the high end of med tech. In 2013 and 2014, we grew in the 5s organically. '15 and '16, we grew in the 6s. And '17 and '18, it was in the 7s. Also, this past year marks our 40th consecutive year of sales growth since Stryker went public in 1979. 
The performance in 2019 was balanced across divisions and geographies, reflecting the durability of our business model. 
Turning to the results by our 3 segments. Q4 was led by over 12% organic sales growth for Neurotechnology and Spine, with our Neurotechnology businesses growing in the high teens. Orthopaedics posted a 7.3% organic sales increase in the quarter, powered by impressive double-digit growth in Knees. Our Orthopaedics performance continues to reflect meaningful share gains fueled by Mako and our 3D-printed implants. As Katherine will detail in her comments, Q4 delivered the strongest robot quarter since the launch of Mako. We finished the year with a healthy order book, demonstrating the commercial and clinical success of this highly differentiated technology. MedSurg was up roughly 7% organically in the quarter, as Endoscopy led the way, growing 10%. All other divisions achieved mid-single-digit gains despite challenging comparisons. MedSurg continues to be a strong and consistent grower year in and year out. 
International organic growth was 7.6% in Q4 and, for the full year, matched the U.S. growth rate of 8.1%. Emerging markets led the way with strong double-digit gains in Q4 and the full year. While it has taken some time, 2019 was an excellent year in emerging markets, and we are well positioned to continue this momentum into the future. Europe once again registered full year organic sales gains in high single digits as we make progress towards achieving similar market share levels as we have in other developed market regions. This performance was well above the market and has significant runway as we continue to drive sales force specialization. Australia and New Zealand also had a strong Q4 across its portfolio. 
In the past 7 years, we have strengthened our international businesses and have taken key steps to strengthen category leadership across our portfolio. The pending addition of Wright Medical later in 2020 will address our last meaningful category leadership gap: upper extremities. 
We continue to make investments in our sales, marketing and R&D teams around the globe in order to support our goal of consistently growing at the high end of med tech. But with our focus on our Cost Transformation for Growth initiatives, we are also delivering leverage. Op margin expanded roughly 40 basis points in the year, which included absorbing approximately 30 bps of dilution related to acquisitions. 
We exited 2019 with nearly $15 billion in global sales and have demonstrated the ability to continue to drive high growth despite our larger size. We have expanded our offering through internal investments and acquisitions and believe we are well positioned to achieve continued success for our customers, employees and shareholders. Looking at 2020, we are on track to continue to achieve strong organic sales growth and leveraged earnings. 
In closing, the tremendous efforts of our 40,000 employees around the globe enabled us to once again achieve strong results and deliver on our promise to our customers and patients to make health care better. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Yes. Thanks, Bob. I would say, as I sit here today, I feel very similar to how I felt at the beginning of last year: a really nice balance of headwinds and tailwinds, good operating performance across our businesses and our regions. But it's early in the year, and so we're giving a guidance that we feel very confident being able to hit. If things play out the way they did in 2019, obviously, there could be a scenario where things would improve, but we really had a great year across many areas in 2019 and not a lot of turbulence in the macroeconomic environment.

Okay, Bob, I'll take the first part, just talking about some of the positives that we see. The pipelines are very strong across from all of Stryker. Robotic surgery adoption, as you saw with the big fourth quarter, continues to be a tailwind for us both in Hips and Knees as well as Mako. We have year 2 of our camera launch in Endoscopy. Our Aspiration business in Neurovascular will be another tailwind. We have acquisitions that are going to be turning organic. So we have a whole list of those kind of tailwinds. And then across Medical, there's a number of new products that we'll be launching in acute, emergency care and Sage.

Yes. So starting with Mako. This is just a continuation of the great success we've been having. There was no new strategy. There's no change in the way we price Mako. We've always been flexible in terms of different approaches to financing, whether it's leasing, whether it's rentals. And so the mix didn't change dramatically, maybe a little bit more rentals but very, very similar to what we've had in the past. I think it's just -- there's a growing realization that technology is here to stay. And that adoption rate, we expect to continue to increase in the future.

Yes. Thanks, David. So 4 years ago, we gave 9% as a floor. And since then, we've delivered 12% and 13% each of the 4 years. So we saw it as a floor, and you can see we've clearly surpassed the floor by a wide margin. We really believe we have our Cost Transformation Growth -- for Growth firing, and we're going to continue to be able to deliver very strong earnings.
The point on op margin is obviously just a math issue. With the amount of growth that were coming in and the profile of their P&L, it will take us time to work through the synergies that we need to work through for -- to get back on to an op margin expansion. But as you heard from Glenn, we expect to still deliver positive op margin in 2020.

This is Kevin. So certainly, we had some challenges early with the integration, with the overlapping sales forces and didn't do a lot of hiring, new products got delayed. The fourth quarter showed some real signs of positive momentum on the sales force side, clear targets, clear accountabilities and then a number of new products being launched on our sales meeting. So very excited that we're sort of back on offense after going through the tricky parts of the integration. We were very aggressive on costs, and so those cost synergies were ahead. But now I'm looking forward to 2020 and in the future to seeing accelerated growth in our Spine business. We're well positioned now. It was tough, certainly, in the first 6 months, but very encouraged by what I saw in the fourth quarter and expect 2020 to accelerate.

But we do have continued dilution because of the Mobius deal that we did at the end of the year and some other deals, maybe not to the same extent that we have this year. But we still do need to offset that dilution, and we are committed to continuing to deliver 30 to 50 in spite of that. And obviously, if dilution decreases, we expect to be at the higher end of that limit.

Sure. I'll start off with Mako hip, really excited about the progress. So a lot of surgeons were initially interested in the knee. And then as they got the experience with Mako, they started to look at hip. And once you try the hip application, it tends to be pretty sticky. 
We're very excited. In the second quarter of this year, we're going to be launching new software upgrade to our hip program. And that's going to be much more user-friendly. The registration process and some of the software has been a little bit challenging from a change management standpoint. This is going to be much slicker and really exciting. Early feedback we've had some surgeons has been very positive. So I am bullish on continued expansion of Mako with Hips.

Well, it was a terrific year, as you saw, overall. I would say that the emerging markets, this has been the best year we've had since I've been the CEO, very strong double-digit growth. And to me, I would expect that, that will continue, hopefully, for the next decade. We are so underrepresented there relative to our overall portfolio and market shares around the world. But I would say, hopefully, this is the first year of many years of very strong double-digit growth in those markets. We've made leadership changes. We struggled with emerging markets for the first 4 years or so. 2018 was a good year. 2019 was a great year. And that's the area that I think has the biggest upside in addition to Mako in both China and Japan. 
Japan now has all the applications approved on the robot. We're still waiting for the knee application to be approved in China, hope to have that sometime this year. But those will be very, very good markets for Mako as well.

Sure. Starting off with Medical, I mean, they had very, very significant comparisons if you look at last year's growth. And so we're still very pleased with our Medical business. And that has been a consistent performer, if you go back 4 or 5 years, a consistent grower. The Sage and Physio acquisitions have been terrific acquisitions for that business. So I would say that's more of a comp issue and expect that to continue to be a strong performer, especially with a lot of new products coming in 2020. 
In Trauma and Extremities, again, we had a very strong year last year. So a little bit of that was comp related. And we still believe that we have the leading market performer in Trauma. It does vary sometimes from quarter to quarter. We've seen that over the past 2 or 3 years, but the T2 Alpha launch is starting to pick up steam. We also have a mini frag launch, which just occurred at the end of this year, which is pretty exciting. That's one of our sort of soft spots in our portfolio. 
So we believe we're well positioned, and we expect to continue to grow above the market. It was a slight reduction versus what we've experienced before but nothing that concerns me.

Yes, we continue to have a very strong pipeline. Obviously, with the size of the Wright Medical deal, we're not going to be looking at targets of scale for the next year or 2 while we start to pay down that debt, but we will still keep the lights on in our business development engine. We still have significant opportunities to add to our portfolio. So when I talked about closing the last major gap, it doesn't mean we don't have targets within all of our many businesses. Each business has business development people that are focused, and we continue to see attractive targets that can continue to add to our category leadership. 
But this was -- if you think about 5, 6, 7 years ago, Sports Medicine, Spine and shoulder were the areas where we had the largest gap to category leadership, and we've made huge progress in our Sports Medicine business, mostly organically but also with a series of tuck-in deals. With K2M, we've largely addressed our Spine business, and then Wright Medical addresses upper extremities. So those are the areas that we clearly were not in the top 1, 2 or 3 in the category, and that will propel us into that category. 
But we don't really feel the need at this point to start to branch widely outside of the 3 segments. These are big segments. If you think about MedSurg, if you think about Neurotech and Spine and Orthopaedics, where there are still very, very active hunting grounds for acquisitions. But again, the target sizes will be smaller, at least, for the next year or 2 while we digest this one.

Thanks, Kristen. Obviously, you've seen our focus has been on growth. We've been very acquisitive. We've focused on adding and splitting sales forces wherever possible, investing in R&D at a healthy rate, which fuels the growth. And so that's been our model, and that's continuing. And Wright Medical, this pending acquisition, is another example where they're a very high-growth business and a very large business. And so that -- our actual model isn't changing. We continue to have the same offense, and we're growing big numbers on top of big numbers. And so that's what's been impressive, is for 4 years I've been asked, "When is the growth going to start to slow down?" And it hasn't. 
Now can you take a line and draw a straight line forever? Probably not. We also have to look at the market. The market has been pretty healthy. We've maintained our gap and maybe accelerated our gap versus the market in growth. But we think we have an offense in our operating model that's structured for high growth. The way we -- the decentralized model, the dedicated sales, marketing, R&D and business development in each division, we become a more global company, and that still has significant runway in emerging markets in areas like Europe, where we didn't have high growth. Year after year, we're growing in high single digits in Europe, which I think is rare. And that's not going to end anytime soon. 
So I think we're structured to have high growth. Putting a fine point on the actual number is difficult because you don't know what's happening in the macro environment, but I feel just as positive starting this year as I did at the beginning of last year.

No, sure, sure. That's just purely a reflection of the leadership changes. It's really a recognition of terrific performance by both Spencer Stiles and Andy Pierce. These are 2 group presidents that are just shining, and so we've given them additional businesses to manage. There is no change at the divisional level. So the division presidents, who are also terrific, continue to run their business. But the change that we made was one level above that, how we aggregate the divisions. But the center of gravity of our company are the divisions. That's where the action happens in terms of R&D, marketing, sales. So don't read anything more into that other than it's a management structure change to give more businesses to Andy and Spence to manage directly, and it's a recognition of just how well they've performed over time.

Okay. There was a few questions in there. Let me start just with Mako and robotics in general. It's still early innings within Orthopaedics. And we see a huge runway ahead of us to continue to have a broad adoption of robotics. Cementless has been a steady grower, and we don't think that's going to slow down. It will continue. It probably won't have big step changes. It will be a steady gradual progression. 
And what we're seeing there are some new surgeons adopting cementless, but we're also seeing the surgeons that started with cementless, with, let's say, younger, healthier patients, now starting to realize that the benefits are so good that they're starting to put them in older patients and even patients, let's say, who the bone quality may not be pristine but still adequate bone quality. So you're seeing even surgeons that are using it who used to use it on a smaller percentage of the patients now seeing just how well it's performing using it on a larger percentage of their population. So I think cementless will continue to run, and we're pretty excited about the potential for the future. 
And again, getting back to the technology, this has many, many years ahead of us, and we're very excited about the potential.

Yes, but we still feel bullish about our own trauma business. We have new products that we're launching. We have a very strong brand. And what -- the feedback we've had from our sales force is, I would say, excitement, really, excitement that we -- that we're going to strengthen our position in Extremities and become the really most attractive company for Extremities. That's what our belief is. That's what we're telling our sales force. That's what we're hearing from them. So there's always risks of deal -- dislocation in every sales force that we have. But for the moment, it doesn't appear to be significant.

Frankly, the market seems very stable, and it's been pretty healthy for some time now. Not everybody has reported yet their fourth quarter. So until we see the total numbers, we're not going to have a clear idea. But I would say the market is maybe modestly better. I think we said that at the beginning of the year. We thought it would be just a little bit better, but it's not that it's had a step-change improvement. It's been a good, healthy market. We expect that it'll continue to be a good healthy market.

Sure. I would start off with the MedSurg segment, so Endoscopy, Instruments and Medical. Those are areas where we have the biggest opportunity for market share gains. We have terrific products, and as we specialize in MedSurg, we do expect to have a much more significant growth. The potential there is pretty significant. 
I also believe in Knees. We've sort of underperformed on a market share standpoint historically. Mako is a big help there as is specialization. So that's another area. And then I think Spine, now that we have K2M, Spine had a terrific year in Europe last year. And we believe that will continue going into the future. 
So those are the areas that I think -- we have a pretty good size hip business. We're pretty strong there. Our neuro businesses are very strong in Europe. So those are the areas that we still have growth potential but maybe not as much. But I would say MedSurg, Knees, Spine, significant runway.

So we -- I think Katherine in her prepared remarks mentioned that we exited the year at just over 36% of our U.S. Knees being cementless. We are seeing adoption around the world as well, not as fast as the adoption rate that we're seeing in the U.S. I don't believe it will get to Hips, which is virtually all cementless, just given the knee joint being a weight-bearing area. And with people's bone quality, there's always going to be some more conservatism. But there's no reason to believe why it won't continue to steadily rise, and I think it could exceed 50%. Hard to know and hard to predict, but I wouldn't be surprised at all if it exceeds 50%. 
Keep in mind that we have a very unique product for cementless, and that's why we're able to have this kind of spectacular growth rate and great clinical performance. And we'll see how that -- whether that applies to the rest of the market, but we certainly love our position in cementless.

We don't usually provide exactly what we're assuming in our guidance. This is something that is -- it occurs with the regular frequency. Whatever we've modeled, if the number is a little higher or a little lower, we just absorb that within our targets, and that's why we have a range.

Sure. I'll take the first one, and then I'll ask Katherine to comment on Japan. Enabling technologies to us, we're big believers that this is going to be important for the future. We're very excited about Mobius. That -- we launched that at our sales meeting, and we're very excited about the potential of that being part of the enabling solution portfolio. We're not ready yet to comment on robotics for Spine. So we obviously have 2 options: one with Cardan, which came with the Mobius acquisition, as well as Mako. We are working on those programs, but it's just too early to give you an idea of when that will launch. And once we have a more firm date, we will let you know. But we are believers that, that is an important part of the future.

No, about Japan.

Yes. In general, Japan, it will grow. It doesn't tend to spike as fast as the U.S., just if you look historically and look at Intuitive Surgical, look at other businesses. But it will grow, and we're pretty bullish about it and excited for the future.

Yes. And obviously, it took time to cross-train all of our salespeople. That was part of the integration challenges that we have. They are all cross-trained on the K2M products. And you're right that pull-through is a key part of why our growth will accelerate.

Yes. I think one of the things Stryker did, and started, frankly, before EU MDR, was what we call a focus on power brands. And so we've been rationalizing our portfolio pretty significantly, and that ended up being a real blessing when EU MDR came about because we had already decided to move out of a lot of, let's call them, peripheral SKUS. And so we're -- we feel very well prepared. There has slightly been -- recently been a slight reprieve on the dates for EU MDR, but we are all systems go ready for that. We don't really believe it's going to have any meaningful change to how we innovate given that we do have this kind of power brand-focused mentality around our innovations.

Yes. I think you saw we split our sales force in Surgical, which is one the biggest part of our Instruments division, had an incredible first half of the year, slowed a little bit in the second half of the year but still a double-digit growth for the full year. Instruments has consistently, for the last decade, been a high single-digit or low double-digit growth kind of business. And we expect continued high-growth out of our Instruments franchise, so we are not lowering our expectations and thinking that Instruments will suddenly become a slower grower. 
And frankly, if you look at a lot of the acquisitions we've done, including more recently TSO3 and Invuity, so there's a number of acquisitions. We keep feeding the instruments machine, and so you're going to expect to see continued high growth out of Instruments. 
I'm sorry, what was the other question? I think I missed the other one.

Oh, ENT. We have sufficient scale now in ENT with -- I mean, Entellus, we already had some products within Stryker, NasoPore and some smaller products. With the addition of Entellus, we have what we need. I would call Arrinex a tuck-in. Could we do other smaller additions? Sure. Just like any of our businesses, we can always do little tuck-ins. But I would say we don't need anything significant to be able to really win in ENT. And I was very pleased with the momentum that we have in that business as we exited the year.

Thank you for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q1 results with you in April. And as a reminder, we will be hosting a booth tour and investor meetings at AAOS on March 26. Thank you.