Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
On today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Katherine with some perspectives on our mix of deferrable and capital businesses. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results and liquidity position before we open the call to Q&A. 
As you know, Katherine will be shifting out of her role on June 1, so this will be her last Stryker earnings call. While this is not quite the finish she had in mind at the end of February, I did want to take a moment to express my gratitude for her outstanding work the past 13 years. She has been a great help to me and the management team of Stryker. Also, if you include her time covering Stryker as a sell-side analyst, this will be her 97th Stryker earnings call. She has seen a lot, but nothing quite like what we are going through right now. 
On today's call, we will review our first quarter results and provide additional details regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses in March and into the second quarter. I would also highlight many initiatives underway to ensure we maintain a strong cash position through stringent cost controls to manage through this unprecedented environment. 
For Q1, we achieved organic sales growth of 2.4%, reflecting strong momentum through the first 2 months of the quarter and into March, followed by a marked slowdown tied principally to a deferral in elective procedures. We took a number of steps in March to aggressively limit travel to ensure the safety of our employees and customers, while ensuring our essential personnel were available to support health care workers around the world. These efforts, along with other cost controls, helped to mitigate some of the impact on earnings from the slowdown in sales resulting in adjusted per share earnings of $1.84, a decline of 2% versus the prior year. The sales drop became more pronounced towards the end of March, and in the last week of the month, our company sales declined 30% versus the prior year. The biggest declines were in hips, knees, Spine and Endoscopy, offset by our other businesses. By geography, Japan, Canada, and smaller countries in Europe and emerging markets performed well, while China was clearly the weakest. 
In Q2, we expect a recovery in China, but most other geographies will get worse, given the spread of the virus. For the month of April, our company sales will decline by 35% to 40% versus 2019. Looking at the remainder of the quarter, we are encouraged by the planned gradual resumption of elective surgeries in the U.S. and abroad. Our portfolio of products are being impacted by COVID-19 in numerous ways. Clearly, we are seeing a deferral in elective procedures, particularly within our Orthopedics and spine businesses. We fully expect, given the chronic and progressive nature of the conditions impacting these patients, that the vast majority of them will be treated in the coming months, recognizing that the exact timing of a broad resumption of elective procedures is too fluid to predict. And as hospital needs to treat COVID-19 patients escalated sharply in March and into April, we saw a significant increase in the demand of products across our roughly $2 billion Medical portfolio, which Katherine will discuss in more detail. In response, our manufacturing teams have been aggressively ramping capacity of much needed products while also ensuring we scale back other plants where demand has been negatively impacted. 
Overall, given our mix of businesses and the cost control initiatives underway, coupled with our strong balance sheet, we believe we are well positioned to manage through this slowdown. Given the fluid nature of the current situation, we are not providing Q2 or full year guidance. However, we expect to maintain the cost control efforts for most of 2020. We are also setting ourselves up to respond quickly as customer demands return. We are providing financial assistance to hold our sales forces in place and continue to invest in our pipeline of new products. 
We are proceeding with integration efforts regarding Wright Medical. And given the impact of the virus on competitive hiring, we are expecting a minimal level of sales force attrition. As was publicly announced, Wright held its shareholder meeting on Friday, April 24, and the deal was approved. This reduced the tender threshold from 95% to 80%. The tender offer was extended until June 30, which is customary as we continue to work through the closing conditions. We expect to close around the end of Q3 2020. Please note, beyond this update, we have no new information to share with you regarding Wright Medical and we will not be taking any questions on this pending acquisition during today's call.  
Before I turn the call over to Katherine, I would like to take a moment to thank all of our employees around the globe for their commitment to ensuring the safety of their colleagues, their families and our customers. Our sales forces across our businesses, who are essential to supporting doctors and caregivers, have demonstrated unwavering commitment during this pandemic.  
Our manufacturing teams have worked tirelessly to optimize the plant network and to ramp capacity where needed. And we have created rapid innovations in response to the pandemic. We will continue to support our employees and our customers as they work to meet the needs of the many patients that will need treatment. While our many-year growth momentum has been temporarily derailed, the Stryker spirit is alive and well and we remain poised to capitalize as the situation improves. 
And now over to Katherine.

So Bob, I'll take that, the first part, and then I'll pass it to Katherine. As it relates to large capital, I think Katherine provided you the breakdown of our large capital in her prepared remarks. The beds and stretchers are the ones experiencing kind of a spike in demand. And at this point, it's really too difficult to ascertain whether that's pulled forward or whether that's just extra demand because there is this need to build stockpiles. There is this need to have beds -- a certain number of beds and expansion of beds, primarily related to coronavirus, but it may not be something that's just pulled forward. It may be additional demand.  
As it relates to the other large capital communications, Mako and those other components, those -- that's going to start to slow down, as you probably would imagine. We're not seeing orders being canceled, but there is a bit of deferral going on. And that I would expect would continue to pick up in the future. And maybe I'll turn it to Katherine to talk about small capital.

Well, thanks, Bob. As you can imagine, we've run a lot of scenarios, and I don't have a crystal ball, but certainly, that is a scenario that we think could very well happen. The pent-up demand is there. I think the recovery will probably come in waves. So you have a number of employees that are furloughed that would love to get their procedures done now while they have health care coverage, worried about what could happen in the future. That could be a first wave of resumption of procedures. And then you also have people who have taken time off and that may not be able to take time off later, so that could cause a slight dip and then a resumption again. But it really is going to relate to how the overall economy recovers and how the virus evolves in the future. But that certainly is a scenario that we believe could happen. But again, this is unchartered waters. So we'll see.

Well, David, I mean, obviously, this is uncharted waters, as I mentioned at the end of my answer to Bob's question. But what I would say is the hospitals are very motivated to do our procedures. If you think about orthopedics and spine procedures, they are moneymakers for hospitals. And the hospitals who are treating coronavirus patients now are bleeding in their P&Ls. So there's a financial motivation. Also, patients certainly that are suffering would like to get those procedures done. So I'm not in some of the other spaces of other elective procedures, so it's hard for me to do a compare and contrast. But the hospital CEOs and the surgeons that I've spoken to are all absolutely gearing up to start bringing back their patients. And the surveys they've done with patients have suggested that patients are very comfortable coming back. As soon as the hospitals say it's going to be safe for them, I think those patients will be coming back. So I don't believe that there's something unique about orthopedic surgery that would cause that to be pushed to the back of the line. On the contrary, given its economic impact to the hospitals, I think it could be moved earlier in the chain.

Yes. Thanks for the question. I would say that those surgeons that are believers in Mako or believers in robotics will resume their normal amount of work. We had terrific momentum. You can even see if you look at the line of other orthopaedics, it performed very well in the quarter. We did see a bit of a slowdown in some of the Mako orders being delayed a little bit. So liquidity of the hospitals is important when you're outlaying large amounts of money. But we see tremendous signs of continued interest. No order is being canceled, just being delayed a little bit until elective surgeries resumes. And yes, hospitals do see it as a differentiator, and we continue to be very bullish about the prospects of Mako. 
Underscoring what Katherine said earlier about Flex Financial, I think that's something that we're going to use even more probably as ASCs want to acquire Makos, and they don't typically have the same size of capital budgets, but we have a number of different vehicles to help them finance their capital. And so we do expect Mako to absolutely resume the kind of trajectory we're on once the elective surgery comes back in force.

Yes. Sure. I can take the first part of that. Okay. Sorry, Katherine. I'll start that. So spine procedures are done in the ASCs, but they tend to be the more basic procedures like ACDFs. So it's not an enormous part of the overall spine market, and we think we're well positioned there to be able to deliver the products needed for those procedures. Sorry, Katherine, go ahead.

Yes. The only thing I'd add to that comment is a lot of hospitals are actually gearing up to be able to work extra hours even on weekends. They won't do that day one. Obviously, they're going to gradually start to bring patients back, but that's something that they're planning for in the back half of the year. And so I do expect, as I mentioned before, seeing this recovery come back in waves is pretty likely.

Yes, Larry. Yes, that did include our Neurovascular business as well in that statistic.

No, thanks. That's a big question. I would tell you that I think we're very well positioned given the diversity -- diversification of our portfolio. Obviously, elective surgeries are very important to us, but we're not only an elective surgery company. And the fact that MedSurg is the largest of our 3 segments certainly helps protect us and insulate us from the full effect. I think that diversification will serve us well, but -- and we believe still in our strategy. And this is not going to cause a change in our strategy of category leadership and leading positions in all the segments we choose to play in. It's not going to take us off our approach to M&A. We will emerge from this, and we believe the fact that we've stayed and conserved a fairly conservative balance sheet has really helped us. And even with the upcoming Wright Medical acquisition, we have a very good, strong financial position. 
Things will change. There will be a lot less travel. I could tell you that we've learned a lot about technology. The way we're engaging with customers through this has been amazing for me to watch, surgeon engagement, hospital engagement. And even our employees, we tend to be a high-touch culture and we're learning that technologies, you can do a lot of really amazing education things with technology. So that, I think, will become a more permanent thing. And our R&D teams are learning how to work very, very effectively, including surgeon collaborations virtually. 
So those are the things that will be more, I think, more permanent. The trend to ASCs will only accelerate, but as Katherine mentioned, a long way to go still. But that pace will increase. Those are probably the 2 things I would point out to. But other than that, I think we're just going to be getting back to the regular offense that we had before.

Yes, sure. We had, as you probably heard, an earthquake in Salt Lake City, which is one of our manufacturing facilities for Neurovascular. That caused a slight disruption in that business. And then we also had a bit of supply challenges with the neuro powered instruments portfolio. And those, again, are temporary in nature. This happens to us from time to time over the years. You hear this. In 1 quarter, we might have a slight disruption in supply. And so those are the 2 things that hit the Neurotechnology business, both of which are largely resolved or will be resolved certainly by the time we get to Q3, Q4.

Yes. I think the demand -- we're -- in some of our categories, we're selling everything we can make right now. So I would say we're a long way from having filled up any stockpiles. So I think if this, the coronavirus, continues at an accelerated pace or if there's a second wave, I would expect a commensurate increase in the sales of those products, be it the Flyte protection system and instruments or the majority of the medical portfolio.

Yes. Thanks, Rick. What I would say is, certainly, China was the most negative in the first quarter. The 35% to 40% number I gave was a global number. So that's what April is finishing, but I don't have the exact number because, is it the last day? We haven't closed a month, but it will be in that 35% to 40% range. 
What we saw in the first quarter, certainly, China was very negative. That is recovering. I think they're back to roughly 60% to 70% of where they normally were prior to the virus. And it's sort of gradually improving. So China is getting healthier. Japan, we had a terrific first quarter in Japan, and I think that will get marginally worse in the second quarter. But they've done a very good job of managing it. Same thing with South Korea. We had a very good first quarter, and we're not seeing South Korea slow down. 
The big wildcard in the international market is Europe. And even Australia, to some degree, where Australia had initially said that they were going to cancel all elective surgeries for the entire quarter. And now 2 weeks later, 25% of the procedures are now back and being scheduled. So that's how fluid it is. Just in 2 weeks, they went from nothing for the whole quarter to back to 25%. 
So all this to say, it's going to be difficult to predict what happens in the U.K., what's going to happen in Germany. And so Europe is the wild card area. I think it's certainly going to be worse than it was in the first quarter. And how much worse, it's hard to say right now. I think for us, Europe was something in the 55% down range in April. And I think that's likely going to continue throughout this quarter. It should get better towards the end of the quarter. But again, it's hard to predict.

Okay. Thanks, Rick. I'll start. Maybe Katherine can add to it. What I would say is there's nothing magical about our first quarter knee. It's the continuation of the trend of the last 4 years or 5 years where we've been consistently taking market share. I'm very proud of the work that our team has done on Mako as well as cementless. Both of which, as you saw over the last 2 or 3 years, have had steep increases in their adoption rates. And that continued into the first quarter. 
I could tell you, at the end of February, we were feeling really, really good about our knee number. And then just like everybody else, there was a falloff that occurred about midway through March. The fact that it still ended the quarter in a positive territory for U.S. knees is pretty incredible. We're really pleased with that. And so again, it's just continued amazing momentum with Mako and with cementless, which are both huge portions of the knee sales that we have. And surgeons are very, very loyal to both Mako and to cementless based on the great outcomes they're getting with their patients.

Yes, I'm very pleased with how our Spine business is progressing. Certainly, in the international markets, you see very good numbers. We even posted pretty good numbers in the first quarter. That's a continuation of what we saw last year. In the U.S., we started to see the improvement really in the November, sort of December time frame. That was continuing into January and February, and a number of new products were launched in the first quarter. Unfortunately, that got derailed, just like everybody else's spine business, around the middle of March, and we're not immune from that. But I would say I feel as good as I felt about our Spine business since the acquisition of K2M. Every day, we sort of continue to build momentum. 
And even the Mobius business, which we acquired towards the end of last year, is seeing tremendous demand as some hospitals are actually using it to do X-rays of the chest for the coronavirus. So we're actually trying to ramp our capacity of Mobius, which is, as you know, a mobile CT scan and really the only one in the market that's mobile, and they're using it for coronavirus. So we're actually ramping that capacity. So overall, the outlook for the future for Spine is positive, as positive as we felt kind of entering the year.

Yes. We're actually pretty fortunate that we don't have any major launches upcoming that are contingent to clinical trials. It's always a timing issue. If you just look at where our neurovascular or our PMA products portfolios are in their life cycle, we really don't have anything major pending. I think 6 months is a good way to look at it. We do have some minor delays in approvals, so some products, just getting them approved. If you think about our aspiration products in Neurovascular, getting them approved in Europe. They are approved in the U.S. and we had a limited launch in the first quarter, which is proving very successful, but those aren't yet approved in Europe. So Europe is just overwhelmed with EMDR and other product approval site. That's more probably in the 3-month time frame than 6-month. But what's affecting us, at least in the short term, is more around getting products approved outside of clinical trials, and there really isn't anything major that's holding us back from a clinical trial standpoint.

Yes, thanks. Right now, the profit profile is very similar to what we see in the hospitals. Most ASCs are affiliated with hospitals. Hospitals have a partial ownership, of course, in the ASC. And they tend to buy the implants on the same price contract that we have for their hospitals. So for us, the profit profile is very similar to what we see in the hospital. 
Keep in mind that the biggest savings that they have, they make more money in procedures in the ASC. The surgeon usually has a part ownership, so they're very motivated. But the EBITDA of ASCs is higher than hospital, and the big reason for the -- is the savings in the facility costs. That's really why they make more money in the procedure. They don't need to drive down our implant prices to be able to drive that higher degree of profitability. 
Obviously, they're different kind of facilities. You have to make life easy for them in terms of buying. We've created an entire offense around the ASC that I'm really excited about. If you asked me 3 or 4, 5 years ago, I was kind of concerned about ASCs, not sure how it would be for Stryker's business. Now I'm actually believing that it's going to be a very good thing for us because we have the booms, the lights, the operating tables, the Makos, all the capital power tools, Neptune waste management, everything that they need for their surgery, we can help them, and we have the disposables and the implants. And wrapping that up in a financing solution gives us a really tremendous advantage as more and more procedures go to the ASCs. So really, as of this point, we haven't seen much in the way of severe price pressure.

Yes. So far, we haven't really seen any change. As you know, today, many of our reps are in the hospitals, our trauma reps, our neurovascular reps. So today, and even if you think about revision surgery or oncology surgeon within joint replacement, our reps are in the operating room today, arm and arm with the medical staff doing those procedures. And so we've heard some -- there could be some testing required for our sales reps in some places. That's -- it's very, very early, making sure they have the right PPE, that they're equipped correctly to make sure that they're not transmitting the coronavirus. But other than that, we haven't heard, really, any discussion about blocking access or limiting access. Again, it's pretty early. Hospitals are preparing their plans. But mostly what we've heard so far is PPE and are they trained. And do they know how to put the proper PPE on and potentially having some degree of testing, the same expectation that they would have for their own staff who would be attending those surgeries.

Yes. I think they're temporary delays. I don't think they're indefinite. Look, there's a lot of uncertainty right now. They don't know if they're going to get a bolus of new patients for coronavirus. And the hospitals that are, let's say, New Jersey, New York, those that are at the epicenter or even Detroit, they lose a lot of money while their hospitals are not having elective surgery and while they're treating coronavirus patients. So obviously, the first $30 billion has been doled out to the hospitals. The next $30 billion is coming. The general allocation method didn't provide extra money to those patients, those hospitals that were treating coronavirus patients. $10 billion of the next $30 billion is going to be disproportionately pushed to those hospitals. So waiting to receive the money and seeing how much each hospital get is very important to their overall liquidity profile. 
And then as they resume elective surgeries, as I mentioned earlier, that is really going to help shore up their financial situation. And so that's what they're waiting for. If the governors declare delays in the elective surgery ramp, their financial situation deteriorates, just like ours does. And so that's the -- that uncertainty has to be sort of lifted. And even if they're not back to 100%, if they're back doing elective procedures and they have some line of sight to financial stability, then they'll be inclined to start to make those purchases because they do want to differentiate themselves. They do want to deliver great service to their customers. And so it's just the uncertainty around their financial stability and their liquidity, which is -- which they're waiting to resolve.

I'm not sure I got the first part, Joanne, 0% to 15% of procedures would come back.

I think in our -- in the procedures that we operate in, virtually all of these procedures come back. I mean these are -- osteoarthritis is a degenerative condition. These people are going to need these procedures. And so I would expect that they would come back, at least in hips and knees and spine. 
What we're seeing a little bit in the stroke area, which is kind of sad, is a lot of patients are afraid of going to the ER. And so we thought that, that would be largely protected, just like trauma cases. That's actually not true. And so they're not -- they're actually suffering with strokes at home. And so part of that is actually elective, which I would never have guessed. As they get more comfort and as the incident rates and death rates start or continue to decline, which they're doing in many locations, they'll start to get more comfortable going to the ER, and you'll see that volume resume. But to me, 0% to 15% seems like a historically low number. We would expect a lot more to come back. What I can't predict is how fast will they come back.

Yes. Again, I believe, to me, that seems awfully low. I mean, with the surgeon surveys that are -- surgeons in hospitals that I've spoken to, the patients are on the waiting lists. They're not -- they don't want to leave the waiting list, they would like to get their procedures done. But the big wild card is just how deep is this recession and how -- if there are more layoffs, will those people get their procedures. Those are things I can't predict. But to me, that sounds low in my view. Again, I don't have a crystal ball. But that sounds awfully low to me. I don't know, Katherine, if you'd want to add anything?

Again, I can't really answer that because it really depends on the locations, the hospitals. Are they equipped? Can they have a separate facility that's separate from their coronavirus patients? If they can, they'll do whatever procedures they've got the equipment for in those ORs. 
So for us, I'm hearing a lot of pent-up demand certainly in the orthopedic side. Those -- a lot of those physicians are not employed by hospitals. They might have an affiliation with the hospital, but they're not employed and they are eager -- I would say, very eager to get back to work. And they are very lucrative procedures for hospitals. So I do believe those procedures will come back fairly quickly.

Sure. On the first front, I would tell you, if you looked at the R&D spend we had in the first quarter, it was very much in line with our normal spend. We are not taking our foot off the gas at all with respect to our R&D pipeline, and that includes Mako and future indications. We aren't going to get specific about time lines yet because we're not really ready to do so, and we'll keep you posted, but full speed ahead with all of our R&D. 
As it relates to AdvaMed, yes, it's been a very busy time. I happen to be Chairman. This is my -- going to my second year of my 2-year term. And so we're on weekly calls with all of our CEOs within the industry. I would say the first big focus was ventilators, as you could probably imagine. And now the major focus is on testing because the diagnostic companies are also members of AdvaMed. And really just working with the administration and FEMA, in particular, to make sure that they have a clear supply signal and trying to get them to get the demand signal, so we can kind of have some kind of matching. And obviously, it's not our job to define the protocols for when do you do live virus testing and when is antibody testing appropriate and serology testing and what companies should do. But we're in active discussions, and I would say testing is it's moved away from ventilators. 
And PPE is still a common topic that we're talking about, but much more of the focus right now has shifted to testing as governments around the world are trying to figure out and states are trying to figure out how to bring people back to work. So that's the big focus right now on testing. And it's really -- when you're part of that trade association, it really -- it makes you appreciate this industry. It's an amazing industry that does so much for people, especially in these kind of trying times. And I'm really proud of how the industry has stepped forward to really to help our customers.

So look, at this point in time, we're not really seeing any change to the way our reps provide service and support our customers. I think what we're learning about virtual tools is they can be additive to our offense. The idea of completely replacing our sales reps, you know companies have tried this in the past, and it has met with pretty big failure. But I do think there is a role for technology. We are seeing a little bit of this in Japan. And so I think technology can be an additional tool in our arsenal, certainly for training. And even in terms of support, that it could provide some benefits, potentially some benefits in SG&A. But I would say those are very modest at this time. It's very early. And I think as things resume, it's going to resume much more in the manner that we saw prior to coronavirus and then potentially you could see acceleration afterwards. 
I think rehab, for sure, the patients are very comfortable going home and trying to do their rehab at home and using virtual tools. I think you're going to see a lot more of that. There has been some movement. That's increasing. I think the surgeon consultations that used to occur in surgeon offices, that's going to be a lot more virtual, that's happening now. And certainly, the payers are a lot more comfortable paying for that, which they weren't before. But as it relates to the nuts and bolts of our procedures in the operating room, I don't see any dramatic change at this time.

We haven't seen any sort of step-change impetus for price change within implants. And this has been going on for some time. Certainly, our prices go down every year. They have moderated. There really isn't -- this is not a new impetus to drive significantly reduced pricing. And so I don't expect -- I think our price outlook will stay very similar moving forward.

As I said in my opening remarks, I would like to once again thank the frontline health care professionals and first responders for everything that they have done and continue to do. I'm also proud of the efforts of our employees who are showing great resiliency in continuing to serve our customers in this difficult time. Thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q2 results with you in July.