Thank you. Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter as well as recent acquisitions. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A. 
For the quarter, organic sales growth exceeded 9% with double-digit growth from our MedSurg & Neurotechnology businesses, led by Endoscopy, Instruments and Neuro Cranial. Our Orthopaedics and Spine businesses delivered high single-digit growth, highlighting procedural recovery throughout the quarter. Internationally, we posted mid-single-digit organic growth, highlighted by double-digit organic growth in Europe and emerging markets. 
During the quarter, we continue to have robust demand for our capital products. However, we had meaningful shipment delays as a result of ongoing product supply challenges, mostly affecting our large capital businesses. 
For the quarter, we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.97, reflecting growth compared to the first quarter of 2021 despite the ongoing impacts from inflationary pressures and significant premiums on inventory spot buys. We expect these supply chain pressures to persist throughout the year, although they will moderate with less reliance on spot buys in the second half of the year. In addition, we continue to invest in R&D at a healthy rate of 7.2% of sales, demonstrating our continued focus on our new product pipelines. 
Despite the ongoing supply chain pressures and the continued COVID volatility in certain regions of the world, we remain confident in the outlook of our business, and we expect to continue to deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech. However, as previously mentioned, despite continued discipline with our spending, the pressure on our supply chain will impact our ability to deliver earnings leverage in 2022. 
With 1 quarter behind us, a very strong order book and these macroeconomic dynamics, we now expect full year organic sales growth towards the high end of our guidance range of 6% to 8% and expect adjusted earnings per share at the lower end of our guidance range of $9.60 to $10 a share. 
During the quarter, we also closed the acquisition of Vocera, and I'm excited about the highly complementary and innovative portfolio that Vocera brings to our Medical division. We believe that this deal will drive strong value creation in the years ahead. 
Finally, I am pleased about our ongoing commitment to our talent and culture, which is reflected in the recognition of Stryker for the 12th year in a row as one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For. Over this time, our employee base has moved from 20,000 to 46,000, and I would like to thank our leaders for maintaining our positive culture as we have grown. 
In addition, we also published our second annual comprehensive report during the quarter, which captures our environmental, social and governance strategy and details our commitments and disclosures on our 3 pillars of corporate responsibility: stronger people, healthier planet and good business. 
Overall, I am pleased with our start to the year despite the challenging macroeconomic environment and believe we are well positioned for the future. 
I will now turn the call over to Preston.

Yes. Sure, Vijay. First, I'd tell you that hospital liquidity is still very strong. And as a result, our orders have actually grown in the quarter. We had a strong order book coming into the year, and we added to that very significantly with strong double-digit growth in orders in the first quarter. 
And as we mentioned in our opening remarks, large capital has been disrupted partially because of shortages of primarily electronics, but also hospital's ability to actually receive the capital either because of short staffing or because some of their construction projects were delayed. 
I'm not concerned about the shortage in other ortho for the first quarter. Our order book for Mako is very, very strong. We had a lot of delays in actually installations, and they're going to have a strong year overall. And certainly, we did have a big comp from the prior year. But the order book for Mako is very strong. The order book for all of our capital is very strong. You saw the actual sales results in Instruments, Endoscopy, Neuro Cranial. 
The small capital, in fact, is -- we're able to largely meet those orders that were growing. Our challenges is meeting the orders of larger capital, primarily in Medical, but also to a lesser degree to Mako. But overall, no concerns, strong demand for Mako and you saw the results in the Hip and Knee business that really benefits from the strong performance we had in Mako throughout the pandemic.

Well, we're not going to give guidance by quarter, Vijay. But what I would tell you is the second quarter, we have very difficult comps. If you remember, the second quarter of last year was extremely strong. And yes, you're right that Q3 and Q4, the comps do get a lot easier. 
I would say that we are still a little bit nervous about our ability to meet the demand for these orders and capital because of the supply chain pressure. So there is a little bit of conservatism based into that just because the environment is pretty uncertain. We do assume an improvement -- continued improvement in procedural volumes. If that continues to play out well, and certainly, there is the potential for us to do even better than what we've guided. 
But based on what we know today, that we feel pretty good about sales at the high end of the original range given the strong start to the year and the strong order book.

Yes. The only thing I'd add, Joanne, is so far so good in terms of retention. We were able to retain a lot of the employees that we had identified, frankly, all of the key employees have been retained. And the integration efforts, even though it's early, we had a very good month of March, no disruption whatsoever in the sales cycle. 
So while it is early, so far, so good, and we're very bullish on the prospects. So Vocera having a very good year this year and obviously continuing into the future.

It is incorporated in our updated guidance. As we said from the beginning, we expect them to continue. And you'll see it in the inorganic numbers. Every quarter, you'll see where Vocera shows up, you will see very strong double-digit growth on the top line. And what we said on the bottom line is that it certainly -- there's a modest impact on the bottom line. So really, nothing really more to add there. We're going to fuel the growth. It will be a good year this year, and it will be accretive starting next year.

Yes. That's a tough question. I mean I think I don't have a crystal ball. What I do have is I can see what we have prebought in our inventory. I do have the input from our suppliers and how they are looking at that sort of chip availability. 
And I also see the amount of activity that we have currently ongoing in terms of buying in that spot market. And I would tell you that Q2 is probably going to look pretty similar to Q1 in terms of that kind of pressure. But I am building up inventories and I'm building up component inventories. And so I expect it to ease a little bit as I look at Q3 and Q4. And I think right now, that's the best I can do in terms of sort of eyeballing in where I think the impact of that will be in the P&L and also in terms of where our guidance has come in. 
I think we didn't lower our guidance from Q -- from January because we still saw a pathway to get within this guidance based on the activity we're seeing now.

Yes. Look, I still think this is a fabulous market long term. There's just no question. It's a great market. We had a tough comp. There also was a bit of competitive activity in the U.S. in the ischemic side of the business. We see this from time to time from quarter-to-quarter. So we certainly weren't expecting double-digit growth in the U.S. It was a little lower than we expected because of the competitive activity, but nothing too alarming. 
And we will have a very strong year. We're going to have a double-digit growth year in Neurovascular globally, and the U.S. will pick up in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So it's still a great market. We're only treating a small fraction of the patients that have stroke today. And for that reason, with the pipeline and the great leadership team that we have over there in Neurovascular, I know that this is going to be a very good long-term business.

Well, I think the pressure that's being put on the health care system and particularly nurses was obviously very acute during the pandemic. And with the shortages that are out there right now, hospitals are looking for solutions that are going to help keep their nurses engaged, help ensure that their are errors aren't being made in the hospital, improved workflow, so I think our timing is perfect and that Vocera should be able -- this is a tailwind that's not over. 
I think this tailwind will continue to last for the next couple of years because it does provide really a reduced cognitive load for nurses. It makes their jobs easier. They're much happier when we have Vocera in their hospitals. So we're really excited. We think our timing is really ideal, and this is a multiyear tailwind.

Yes. So what I'd say is Insignia product is ideal for direct anterior, which, of course, is very popular in the ASCs. But not just in the ASCs, also in the hospital. And even though we only launched it very recently, the feedback has been incredibly positive. And so we have a great design for the product. Surgeons are finding it terrific approaching the offsets, the sizes, the fit that it's really delivering on what we thought. So we couldn't be happier with the launch at least this initial phase of the launch. And this will be a tailwind for our Hip business, and it will actually pick up as more and more sets are deployed in the field, you'll see it actually accelerate through Q3, Q4 and into next year.

Yes. On your second question around the Spine market versus Hip and Knee market, even if you go back to pre-pandemic, the Hip and Knee market was growing on a dollar basis was growing faster than the Spine market. And the Spine market did have some elements of the more acute procedures that were less deferrable. And so it didn't decline nearly as much as the Hip and Knee business did. So not as much of a decline. And then, therefore, not as much of a pickup in a market that, frankly, hasn't been historically growing quite as fast as Hips and Knees. 
So those are the dynamics, I think, that you're seeing play out here. We're delighted with our performance certainly in our -- if you look at our Knee business and Hips just this quarter, we were leading the market in Knees for a long time. Mako has been an enormous driver. Our cementless procedures are roughly 1 out of every 2 knees in the United States are going in cementless. So we have a real competitive advantage that you're seeing play out with our Knee number, but excited that our Hip number is now moving up as well. But I'm not surprised to see those growing faster than the Spine business. We'll have to see when everyone else reports how the markets played out. But to me, it's not that surprising.

Yes. Look, given the inflationary environment, as Preston mentioned earlier, we are obviously going to look at pricing actions across our portfolio. In some places, it's going to be easier than other places given the nature of our contracts. But for competitive reasons, we're really not going to disclose the tactics, the strategies, which products. Every quarter, you see we do report our price, you'll get to see the overall impact, but it's not something we're really -- I'm going to get into on this call.

So thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our second quarter results with you in July. Thank you.