Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Katherine, with an update on Mako. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A. 
Our Q1 performance exceeded our expectations and positions us well for another strong year in 2018. Organic sales growth was an impressive 7% despite 1 less selling day in the quarter versus 2017 and was well balanced across businesses and geographies. There were a number of standout performances in the quarter as we innovate through internal investments, effectively run our sales and marketing offense and execute on acquisitions. Neurotechnology and Spine led the way, delivering 10% increase in organic sales, powered by Neurovascular growth of 20%, reflecting strength in both hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke. MedSurg had strong organic growth of roughly 8% as Endoscopy continued to post strong double-digit growth in its core business and also had good performance from NOVADAQ. We're pleased with the speed of integration since we closed last November and our unified sales force is driving share gains across the portfolio. Entellus, which closed in March, is also off to a strong start and is reported within Neurotechnology. The early success of these deals underscores the benefits of prioritizing M&A, which has become a core strength for Stryker in both identifying attractive targets and executing post closing. 
Turning to Ortho. Sales were up nearly 5% organically, led once again by strong growth in trauma and knees. And Mako had another strong quarter with a significant increase in new robot installations year-over-year. Geographically, we had strong performances in Japan, South Pacific and Canada while Europe was a bit softer than recent trends owing to the bed blockages in the U.K. And emerging markets had a solid quarter, posting double-digit growth. 
The robust top line, coupled with the benefits tied to our cost transformation for growth, which we call CTG, drove a meaningful year-over-year increase in our adjusted operating margin to 25%. As Glenn will discuss in more detail, the previously announced adoption of certain accounting guidance changes had some benefit to our operating margin. But after adjusting for this impact, our adjusted operating margin expanded 50 basis points year-over-year despite acquisition dilution in 2018. 
I'd like to take a moment to thank Lonny Carpenter and his team for their efforts in driving CTG, which is now beginning to translate into improved operating margin performance. As many of you know, after 30 stellar years with Stryker, Lonny recently announced his plans to retire. Lonny has made too many contributions to Stryker over 3 decades to attempt to cover them here, but his commitment to driving CTG and its sustainable impact on our margins is certainly one of the thumbprints he will leave on our company. 
Turning back to the P&L. With the strong top line, we continue to support investments in sales, marketing and R&D that will help deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech. Our operating margin expansion, coupled with the benefits from core foreign currency and tax, resulted in adjusted per share earnings increase of 13.5% to $1.68, above the high end of our targeted range. Based on our Q1 outperformance and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we have raised our expectations for both full year organic sales growth and adjusted EPS. We're also well positioned to deliver a minimum of 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Sure. Thanks, Bob. I'll tell you first, on the pricing, there was really no change in the pricing on our hip and knee business. Very consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years, the same underlying trend. And as it relates to our sales growth, I think the durability is reflected, and this is our 20th consecutive quarter where we've grown organic sales over 5%. So we're growing sales on top of strong growth from the prior years, year after year after year. So that, I would say is something we've been demonstrating very consistently. The fact that we're raising our full year guidance to 6.5% to 7% after one quarter. Normally, we kind of wait for the second quarter before we raise guidance, but it came in so strong and really was so well balanced across our different businesses and regions that it gives me a lot of confidence that we can continue to perform at the high end of med tech.

So I'll tell -- Go and answer this. Go ahead, Glenn.

And as I said in the opening comments, I would expect a minimum of 30 to 50 basis points. So I think that's the first time we've used the word minimum. And that's really on the strength of a strong first quarter and strong underlying performance and expectations for the rest of the year.

The floor.

I'll go back to what Katherine said in one of the previous questions and just say, we see quarter-to-quarter variations. If you look at sort of the rolling 4 quarters, we don't see anything that's suggesting some fundamental shift in the market. So I think let's see how the second and third quarter play out, but this is not unusual. We have a pretty strong fourth quarter, a little bit softer first quarter. We've seen that movie multiple times over the past 5 years. So I still see the market as very stable from a procedural standpoint, and we're really much more focused on driving our growth through share gains.

We can, yes.

Sure. Obviously, we have a big head start, and what we want is all our robots to be very productive. So the idea of just going in and placing a bunch of robots is really not our strategy. We look for surgeons that are really champions, that are going to use the robot. They're going to have a robust program. So we're not doing bulk sales. Not doing C-suite sales. We're making sure that every robot is very productive. Our interest -- the interest level is extremely high. And we do plan to take advantage of our head start, but our focus is really making sure we get value for the robots. And Katherine talked about the kind of price points that we're getting for the sales of the robots. But we really want productive robots. And if you have a robot that's collecting dust, that's of no good to anybody. So right now, we're -- that's where our main focus is on. That's why we give you the procedure count every single quarter so you can see that we're ramping up procedures on the robot, but we do plan to take advantage of our head start. And we're really less concerned about what other competitive offerings there are and more concerned about making sure that we drive value with our offering.

Sure. They were very, very heavily U.S.-focused, and we've now started to go direct. Certainly, we see Europe as a good market for that. Australia will also be a very good market. It just takes a bit of time because we're choosing not to go the distribution route, which Sage had done outside the United States. So it's taking us a little bit of time to clean up the prior distributor arrangements, and we do have a plan to go direct. But certainly, the value proposition is compelling. And we do see significant runway. And that was one of the features of that acquisition was making sure that we take advantage of the OUS opportunities. Obviously, we were dealt quite a blow last year from a regulatory standpoint, and we had to get these products back on the market so the U.S. maintained our total attention as we got the products back on the market. But we certainly see significant runway outside the United States.

No. You know what, you probably should follow-up with IR after the call, and they'll help you with those numbers.

Yes. And as it relates to the second part of your question, for Neurotechnology, we have 3 businesses within there. So we have our craniomaxillofacial business; the Neurovascular, which is the biggest; and then we have the NSE business, which is the Powered Instruments as well as accessories from our Instruments division. All 3 of those have been strong double-digit performers. Neurovascular was a strong double-digit performer all of last year. 20% is a little bit of a high watermark. And whether that can continue to be at 20%, we'll see over the next few quarters, but it will continue to be strong double-digit growth, as it has been for the past few years.

So since the middle of last year, we've had very strong growth in Physio-Control. Part of that might be owing to the Philips issues, but we've also made some management changes, I'm thrilled with the leadership that we're displaying there. We had double-digit growth in the first quarter in Physio-Control. As you know, Sage had negative growth. So in spite of Sage's negative growth in the quarter, medical posted a very respectable growth performance, and Physio was one of the reasons delivering double-digit growth.

Yes, we've seen this before. This bed blockage issue in the U.K. happened a couple of years ago. That's the market where we have the highest share for Stryker within Europe is in the U.K. So we definitely saw a significant impact both in our hips and knees in the U.K. But we think it's more transitory and not reflective of an underlying trend.

That was sort of on our core pedicle screws, not the overall portfolio. So we do have some very innovative products within our spine portfolio such as our 3D printed Tritanium interbody. That's not experiencing that kind of price decreases. We're just talking about it on the core products. So we -- last year, we experienced high-single-digit declines. That accelerated a little bit in the first quarter. But it's a very similar spine market. Similar, challenging market that we've seen, frankly, over the last 5, 6 quarters.

It's not a fundamental shift, but...

Yes, add 1% for the selling day.

Yes. So just to clarify, you're asking, is it -- when will it become a bigger percentage of our margin performance?

Well, I mean, if you look at the overall size of our businesses, our MedSurg business is our largest basis. So even if Neurovascular is growing at 20% and you have Endoscopy and medical as Sage comes back on growing in the double-digit levels, it has some positive impact, but it's not dramatic. When you get down to our operating margin, we don't have a huge amount of variability on our different businesses. But the variability occurs more between gross margin and op margin. So our implant businesses, including Neurovascular, have much higher SG&A expenses because you have sales reps standing in the operating room for every single procedure. So yes, it does make a little bit more money at the op margin line but it's not material. And given that the smaller size relative to the $12.4 billion that we sold last year, it has some impact, but it's not dramatic in the big scheme of our overall results.

Great question. We've actually been asking ourselves that question for the past 5 years. If you look at our trauma performance, we've had double-digit growth literally for 5 years. Almost every single quarter. And they continue to perform extremely well. We have a great product portfolio. We have extremities that are doing very well for us, both foot and ankle, as well as upper extremities, which we're still a fairly small player, our shoulder and our reverse shoulder and our -- we have a fracture system we launched last year. They're all performing very well. So we expect to continue to outpace the market in trauma extremities.

I think we're well positioned. We have an ankle that has terrific clinical data. We are developing the patient-specific guides to be able to make the procedure easier to do. It is a complex procedure. I think the market will continue to grow. But it's still in its early stages if you compare it to other total joint replacement procedures, but there's plenty of room for market expansion. And so I think it's going to be a good market for all players, including Stryker.

Well, as you know, we're still fairly small in emerging markets overall. It was very broadly-based. So we had strength in Latin America. We had strength in Turkey, in Russia, in China. India was the one market that was a little bit soft still. So we're still having challenges related to the price cuts on knees, but there was pretty broad strength across the regions. And I'm really pleased with the progress we've made in really firming up our leadership teams in these regions. And I do expect emerging markets to continue to perform well with the one exception being India, which I think will remain challenged through the course of this year.

Yes, and even in the ambulatory surgery centers where right now commercial pay procedures are being done, there is an interest for Mako. The only challenge there is the capital equipment. They don't necessarily always have the same amount of capital equipment budget as a hospital, but we have very, very flexible financial solutions that we offer for that setting. So we believe we are going to be well positioned to win, not just in the hospital, but also in hospital outpatient as well as surgery centers as volume does migrate over time.

I just go back to what happened a few years ago when we saw this in the first quarter. We did see, after that temporary bed blockage, we did see volumes come back. I would expect this year to be no different. I'm not going to comment specifically on what we're seeing right now. It's very early in the second quarter, but we do -- we would expect a normal resumption of procedural volumes, just as we've seen in the past.

And it's specifically being tracking is roughly 4 to 5x more growth in accounts where we have a Mako robot installed, and that's regardless of whether it's in the United States or in Europe. So it is driving growth across the entire implant portfolio.

Yes, the other thing would be tax. The stock option comp, as we saw last year, we had much bigger benefit in the first quarter, pretty decent benefit in the second, then it really does start to peter out in the third and fourth quarter. So you should see tax will look quite different with the biggest benefit by far being in the first quarter.

I think so, yes.

So it's still early days. Obviously, Medicare has made a change, and so that you can get reimbursed in the hospital outpatient. They're not currently covering surgery centers. And it's only the commercial payers that are moving some very selected procedures. I think you've also read I'm sure in the U.S.A. Today, about other procedures that were moving to surgery centers. And I think there has been a significant backlash based on some bad outcomes. So it's really difficult to predict. I think it is a trend for the future. I think more and more procedures will move. But predicting the pace of that change is going to be tricky, especially if you have bad outcomes, that will certainly stall it. The Hospital Association for now is being very conservative about that. Within AdvaMed, we're not taking a strong stand in either direction. If the procedures migrate and they're done safely, that's fine with us. We really just want great patient outcomes. And if they end up moving to the surgery centers, we really don't see that changing the dynamic of the demand for the procedures. And we don't think that competitively it causes a problem. There has been migration already, and it has not affected our business in a negative way.

I think our biggest opportunity long term here is demonstrating great outcomes, right? We are collecting a lot of data. We are going to be doing a lot of publications. And if you demonstrate you can deliver a better balanced knee with less pain postoperatively and a series of other metrics, then the cost of the CAT scan is pretty de minimis in the overall value equation. So that's -- our answer is going to be demonstrating the value of the technology. And that's going to be the answer to increase and continue to grow our business as well as to address any other concerns, such as the price of the CAT scan.

Thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the second quarter 2018 results will be held on July 24. Thank you.