Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
For today's call, I'll provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on MAKO and K2M. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A.
With organic sales growth of approximately 8%, our strong top line momentum continued in Q3, reflecting the strength of our diversified revenue model. 
Neurotechnology and Spine was once again the standout, delivering 12% organic growth in the quarter as Neurotechnology grew 17%. 
MedSurg posted a 9% gain with Instruments leading the way. 
Orthopaedics increased approximately 5% powered by over 8% growth in knees as MAKO continues to gain traction. We are now approaching 600 robots globally and continue to feel bullish about the future of robotic-assisted surgery.
On a geographic basis, sales were well balanced in the developed markets, and we grew double digits in emerging markets. With cost transformation for growth initiatives continuing, operating margin increased roughly 50 basis points in the quarter despite significant acquisition-related dilution.
With R&D at 6.7% of sales in Q3, we continue to focus on internal innovation, which is driving a steady cadence of new product launches. With the strong organic sales growth and operating margin expansion, we delivered adjusted per share earnings of $1.69 towards the high end of our targeted range of $1.65 to $1.70 for the quarter. Given our solid performance through the first 3 quarters of the year and our conviction in our Q4 outlook, we are raising our full year guidance for organic sales growth and adjusted EPS.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

Yes, the only thing I'd like to add, Robbie, is if you look as to how we've done the whole year, our year-to-date sales growth organically is roughly in that 7.5%, 7.6%, 7.7% range. So we're basically expecting more of the same in the fourth quarter. We had a very good fourth quarter last year, but we're really firing on a lot of cylinders right now and feeling pretty healthy about our businesses. From quarter-to-quarter, of course, you will see a little bit more bounce. Maybe in Neurotech, we saw a really big bounce this quarter. Will it stay up in the 17% range, that might moderate just a hair. But overall, we're in a very stable position right now across our businesses and feeling very good about our growth outlook.

Sure. Thanks, Bob. And as you've noticed, it's been, I guess, 5 years now we've increased our organic growth year after year. It's been rising. Obviously, med tech market's also been pretty good, but we've been continuing to outpace the market pretty significantly. As I sit here today, I feel like going into '19 is going to be more of the same. And we have a healthy balance of headwinds and tailwinds, very similar to what we had going into this year. We have a good cadence of new products launched. Katherine mentioned a big launch coming within our MedSurg business. We also have a lot of Trauma products that we'll be launching. I look at MAKO and we're just continuing to ramp MAKO. I think that will continue and especially internationally where we're only just starting to receive approvals for -- we have the hip approved, but we don't yet have the knees approved in big markets like Japan and China. That will happen next year. So if you look at Physio-Control, we have a number of new launches coming. So I'm feeling very good about the cadence of new products. And of course, you'll have some other products that are later in the cycle. System 8 probably won't be as strong next year as it this year. But overall, feel very good balance and feel like we're in very good position to continue the strong organic sales growth momentum that we have for the last few years.

Yes, Bob, the one thing I'd like to add is what I found very encouraging with the early studies is that it's pointing to a specific benefit related to our haptic -- the haptic feature of our robot. And that you don't use jigs. And by not using jigs, you really protect the soft tissue envelop. And really so that less invasive nature of the procedure is a massive advantage. And many surgeons will pick up on that. They are anecdotally seeing that with their patients, and I know that the competitive offering will still have a jig and ours is a jigless offering. So I do believe our features are going to win out, at least in the short term. Will that have interest? Sure. Some surgeons will be interested and we'll have to obviously compete in the market, but we like our chances.

Sure. Thanks, David. We were, obviously, we're a little disappointed with Trauma performance this quarter. We've had about 5 years of phenomenal growth. If you look at the comps, we had a big quarter in the third quarter last year. Very strong double-digit growth. So comps has a little bit to do with it, but we did have some supply disruption. We expect to resolve that, and that really did affect our overall business. Our Extremities business grew a little less than 10%, which hasn't happened for a long time, but we expect that, that's going to pick up as we move forward. We also have a number of new products that we're launching. So we have a very strong Trauma team. There's -- it's still a very healthy business overall. The market did slow down a little bit. We saw that frankly since June. But that has happened in the past. It's been transitory, but we still feel very good about that business. And we are optimistic, especially behind new product launches. We have a number of new products that we'll be launching going into next year, that, that business will pick back up again. And even at this level, we are still outperforming the market leader.

I would say largely resolved in the fourth quarter. And so you'll see some pickup in the fourth quarter, but it will be even more noticeable in '19.

So thanks, Rick. We absolutely love the bladed retractors. They are very novel, very innovative, provide tremendous benefits to the clinician. In addition, they have entered the advanced energy space with a very novel product. Our Instruments business has, as you know, has been a very strong performer for a very long period of time. They are now actually focused on waste management as well as they have a [ surgi-cam ] procedure. And now this product fits very well with that call point. We call it Surgical Technologies. It's one of the business units. And then you have the focus on power tools and Steri-Shield, and so it really does fit very well with the existing call point of those Instruments salespeople. And so we believe it's a really novel technology that's in a high-growth space. And our call point, our reps are actually in that area. And so it really plugs really into that existing sales force. And most of the deals we do when we have existing products, existing sales forces that we can plug products into, those are the ones we tend to really grow very, very quickly. So we're excited about it. It's not wildly outside of our call point, but it will enable us to enter into even more surgical procedures than we do today.

Yes, the fourth quarter will be an easier comp. It won't be as easy as the third quarter, so the biggest impact was the third quarter last year. And then they -- there was some recovery in the fourth quarter, but yes, there will be a benefit to us of an easier comp in the fourth quarter. And then normalization would really occur sort of sometime in the middle of next year.

Yes, we're feeling very good. The interest's level is very high, and we expect to continue to be able to have very robust sales of our MAKO robot.

Sure. Thanks for the question. I think we've -- I've been for pretty consistent with the past 3 or 4 years in how important and committed Stryker was to the Spine market. It is very synergistic with both the Neurotechnology as well as orthopaedic, and we're seeing that with a terrific performance of our Tritanium product, which is 3D-printed technology that we also use in Orthopaedics. And so this has been a market we are very committed to. The timing just worked very well for us right now. We've got our Spine business starting to perform better. K2M has really developed stronger and stronger performance with their new product launches. So the timing just came together right now. Deals vary from when you start to get interested in the company, you get to know the company. We've obviously gotten to know Eric very well, and we're bringing him on to be the CEO of the combined organization based on sort of what he's built there, his culture, the way he runs his operations. So culturally, very similar to how Stryker operates. And when we're doing a large integration where you're bringing together 2 organizations of size where you're going to be using the same types of technologies. Culture really does matter a lot. And so it took us time to make sure that we have a cultural fit. And so I'm very optimistic about the 2 organizations merging very well and performing very well. But there really hasn't been a change strategically. It's always been important. I think I've said that over and over again. The market, it's nice to see that the market is stabilizing and hopefully will start to improve. But this is a deal that makes sense for us. It will really improve our growth trajectory in our Spine business. And it just felt like a good time to do it, and we're very excited about it.

Sure, Larry. So if you look at FX and sort of based on the current foreign currency exchange rates, we expect a slight negative impact on sales due to foreign currency translation, which will have a negligible impact on EPS in the fourth quarter. And what we're seeing really at the EPS line is we're seeing negative translational FX, but it's being offset by a positive transactional FX from our hedging program. And these impacts have all been included in the fourth quarter guidance that I referred to. Flipping to taxes. As we look at the full year guidance that we provided at the beginning of this year of 16.5% to 17.5% for our effective tax rate, we expect that our effective rate will end the year at the lower end of that range. And really, what we're seeing is compared to 2017, we're seeing sort of a slightly higher effective tax rate that's really just driven by the new tax legislation.

Yes, we launched our Trident II, our new hip cup, in the second quarter. It really started to ramp in the third quarter. When I say ramp, these launches do take time because you have to get the sets of instruments out. We now have about 1,000 sets in the field. You saw a slight tick up in our hip number in the third quarter, and I do expect that, that will continue to perform very well. The feedback that we're getting on the cup is terrific. We already have a very good [ stem ] portfolio, which, as you know, drove us to have outperformance in the market for a number of years. And then we sort of grew in line with the market for the last couple of years. But this cup is being very well received. We now are fully -- the field is fully stocked with their sets, and we started to see a little bit of impact in third quarter and I think you'll continue to see us tick up in our Hip business. Of course, the same sales force also focuses on Knees. And Knees is obviously where a lot of action is, but we do expect continued moderate sequential uptick within our Hip business.

Yes, and I would say with Invuity, it is a slightly different technology, but it is a call point. We already have a sales force calling in that area. And so it's not wildly different. We love to bring technologies into existing sales forces. That has been a real key formula for success for Stryker for a long time. So it's not really as adjacent as a Physio-Control or a Sage business. We're actually tucking this within our Instruments sales force.

So within Spine, innovation always wins. And if you look our Tritanium products, even the Serrato, new pedicle screw that we launched, innovation is rewarded in Spine. You have seen that across -- you can look across the Spine companies. If you provide a good cadence of innovation, you will win in the Spine business. There's still a huge amount of unmet needs. It's the biggest market within Orthopaedics, and that's why we like K2. It obviously gives us a bit more market share. They are stronger in certain parts of the country where we are weaker. And so that, obviously, you have a sales force that can sell a broader range of products, that is exciting and should increase our growth. But also they have a really good R&D engine that produces consistent flow of new products. And that's going to be the formula for success. It's not unique to Stryker. I think if you look across the Spine market, innovation is really what gets rewarded. And we're committed to continuing to drive innovation within the Spine business. But on a combined basis, we're going to have a lot more impact as a combined organization than we would have separately.

Yes, sure. So that fits within our CMF business, our Craniomaxillofacial business, which is a business that we report within our Neurotechnology segment. We've had fantastic growth within that business unit over the past 5 years, double-digit growth, pretty much every single year, and this was just a product gap. So we did not have a dural sealant product. There's only one other product on the market for dural sealant, so we're -- we've known this company HyperBranch for many years. We've been following them. And we're very excited to add that product. It's absolute tuck-in to our existing CMF business and our CMF sales force.

And as it relates to timing, we really would like to come to the market with something that's really meaningful and not so interested in having an offering that's similar to what's existing on the marketplace. So even if takes us a little bit longer, but to provide a much more meaningful benefit, that's what we're more concerned with.

So maybe I'll start with your last question. I would say if you look at our numbers and look at our performance, we really just are focused on our own offense. We are focused on driving MAKO. We're focused on 3D printing. And as long as we do that, we keep growing and we're growing very well. And so I would say that's -- we're going to continue to focus on our offense. And it's really irrespective of what's going on around us. We haven't seen anything, any material change as we approach our customers. There was a first question, I'm sorry?

Oh, inpatient. So no, we haven't seen any major dynamic change because it's really hospital inpatient only. Medicare still doesn't, as you know, cover procedures in the surgery centers. If that change were to occur, I think that would create a more meaningful shift. But we are already starting to place MAKOs in surgery centers, and that's the space we know fairly well from our sports medicine franchise. And so that would be the bigger change if that was to occur. We don't see that sort of in the short-term happening. Overall, the market is actually fairly healthy, fairly stable.

Sure. Within our Instruments business, we have a couple of terrific products. Our neuro power drills are doing extremely well. We have our SONOPET product for tumor ablation, which is also doing extremely well. We have the Malis product, which we had picked up through an acquisition a little while ago, which is called the Malis forceps. So really, a suite of products that we have for the neurosurgeon, which we've -- most of it has been through internal innovation, but we've also done some small tuck-ins. That's really driving explosive growth, very strong double-digit growth and I would say the neurosurgical tools, the power tools are growing roughly as fast as our Neurovascular business. And then you have our Craniomaxillofacial business growing in the 10%, 11% quarter after quarter, very steady double-digit growth. So it's really healthy across our portfolio. And our businesses are performing very well.

Yes, so we have a strategic alliance with them to really provide imaging. So there's -- we don't have, as you know, we don't have a C-Arm ourselves. And so that really allows us, if we're thinking about competing with the Medtronic that has their O-Arm and they try to bundle their offering with that type of imaging, this provides a very competitive counter to them. So it rounds on our portfolio and we use that -- we enjoy that partnership. They have a very, very good product and make sure that we have a complete and competitive offering for those accounts that are looking for a bundled offering.

Yes. So I mean, emerging markets for us, this is 3 quarters in a row where we had double-digit growth. But as you've seen in the past, it has varied for us. Our performance has been a little bit up and down over the past 4 or 5 years. I feel very good about our business in China. I feel good about our business in Latin America. We've really strengthened it in Turkey and Russia, so there's a number of markets where I think we've really improved our position, and that bodes well for the future. India, we just hired a new Managing Director recently. We still have some more work to do there to get back on a strong footing. They actually had a pretty decent quarter this quarter, first good quarter in about a year or so in India. But so the outlook is still positive. It's going to take us some time. We really haven't made the same degree of investments as other large med tech players, but the market conditions themselves are quite good. And we like our chances to continue to improve our performance in the emerging markets.

Thank you all for joining our call. As you can see, Stryker continues to deliver strong financial results. Our conference call for the fourth quarter 2018 results will be held on January 29, 2019. Additionally, we hope you can join us on November 8 for our 2018 Analyst Meeting and Product Fair. Thank you.