Welcome to Stryker's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the Wright Medical integration. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A. 
Please note that our press release contains our results versus both 2020 and 2019. For this call, our commentary will be based on our performance versus 2019, which we believe provides a more relevant point of comparison. 
For the quarter, we posted organic sales growth of 9.3%, reflecting growth versus 2019 for all our major businesses. This strong result was driven by standout performances from Neurovascular, Mako, emergency care, sports medicine and our U.S. shoulder and total ankle products. Each of these posted very strong double-digit growth. 
International organic growth outpaced the U.S. at 14.2% despite COVID challenges in some countries. We posted double-digit growth in most regions, including excellent results in South Pacific, China, Canada, South Korea and many countries in Western Europe. We were also pleased to see the continued rebound in elective procedures as both hips and knees saw quarter-over-quarter sequential improvement and both returned to growth. 
Also, now that we have a fuller appreciation of Wright Medical, we are delighted to have it within the Stryker family. With our first half organic growth of 7.1%, combined with continued recovery of electric procedures, a strong order book across our capital businesses and new product innovations, we have increased confidence in the full year outlook. This is reflected in our upward narrowing of organic sales guidance to 9% to 10% compared to 2019. 
Our sales performance carried through the rest of our results with strong margin performance and adjusted EPS growth and cash flow conversion of over 100% in the quarter. Through the remainder of the year, we do expect a disciplined increase in spending to support our future growth expectations. Our bullish sales outlook, combined with ongoing execution on margins and continued progress on Wright Medical integration has resulted in a raised full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $9.25 to $9.40 a share. 
I continue to be impressed with the resiliency of our people and culture, which positions us well for a successful 2021 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Preston.

Sure. Thank you, Bob. First, on the hip and knee, what we're seeing is really a gradual increase. We've seen it throughout the year of a return of elective procedures. These are deferrable procedures that need to be done at some point. And yes, with the Delta variant, you're starting to see pockets of disruption. But overall, the hospitals are very capable of being able to deal with this. And we're seeing in markets like Latin America and other markets, the situation is actually improving. 
So overall, we know there's going to be some disruption. That is baked into our guidance, but we believe, with the momentum that we have across not only our implant business, but as well as our capital businesses, we feel pretty confident enough to raise the bottom end of our full year sales guidance. 
As it relates to Neurovascular, if you look at that business, we had an outstanding first quarter, it was around 27%. So this is 30%. So it's not really a huge acceleration. I would say we really have a great product cycle going on right now across flow-diverting stents, ischemic stroke, our hemorrhagic coils, our aspiration catheters. So we really have the bases covered, and we're having fantastic growth really globally, including terrific performances in Asia Pacific. So I do expect that we'll continue to have very strong performance throughout the rest of this year.

Yes. Thank you, Robbie. So first of all -- sorry, Chris. 
Thank you, Chris. First of all, I would say that the total ankle business did very well in the second quarter. As you know, the rest of foot and ankle is much more discretionary. The podiatric volumes are coming back. So it was certainly a better quarter in Q2 than Q1, but it is lagging a little bit just like we're seeing with spine and with hips and knees. It is a bit more elective, those foot and ankle procedures. But I'm very pleased with the stability of our sales force, the leadership that we put in place. And as elective procedures comes back, we do expect that will continue to grow. 
It was a marked improvement. We're not seeing the kind of disruption we saw early on with K2M through that integration. So very bullish on Wright overall. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, delighted to have this company within our portfolio. I think I have a deeper appreciation. We knew it was a good company when we acquired it. And frankly, I think it's even better than we thought.

Yes. So I mean, as you mentioned, Mako continues to be very strong. And so we -- that was 1 of the businesses for sure over the last 12 months, really, we've seen continued strength. So that's why you won't see necessarily that same sequential improvement that we're seeing on some of the other businesses. 
With regards to bone cement, of course, that's an area that has been declining. It was certainly impacted by the pandemic and so will be a detractor as we think about that overall category. We don't really provide a breakout of those. But just thinking about it in terms of Mako continuing to grow and offset by some declines from a bone cement standpoint.

Yes. So first, with regards to your question on the deferred backlog, we don't have a specific number. I mean there's a lot of variables that are going into trying to figure out what that is. What we do know is certainly over the last year that we haven't had the same level of procedures that we would have expected to as a result of the pandemic. And so super hard to predict exactly which percentages of patients that are back are from that deferred backlog or that are new patients. 
What we do know is that surgeons are continuing to try to work through as many patients as possible, finding different opportunities to add capacity into the scheduling or into their opportunity to perform those procedures. And so we don't expect that we're going to see any sort of outsized growth figures that happen in any 1 particular quarter or month. But that's something that we expect that we're going to be working through this backlog over the next several quarters. So we expect it to be a tailwind for us really over the next several quarters and into 2022 for sure. 
When you think about -- thinking about your other question with regards to Wright Medical, the cross-selling component is something that as I mentioned, is -- we're pleased with the start of that. It's early in the process. We're expecting that, as you mentioned, to continue for the rest of this year and into next year. We haven't provided a specific size of that opportunity, but it's baked within the overall guidance that we've provided for the overall combined Trauma and Extremities business, which, as I mentioned, we expect to grow at least 6% compared to 2019. That also does include the dyssynergy component as well.

Thanks, Vijay. No, we have not seen really any change in utilization post pandemic. The gating factor really is being able to do the procedures and having the flow of the patients related to just the overall hospital operations. But so far, we haven't seen any change. We are seeing a lot more demand for Mako in the ambulatory surgery centers. 
As you know, a lot of volume is starting to shift towards surgery centers. And for us, it's been a real tailwind. Our ASC offense is performing extremely well. And so there are a larger percentage of our Makos that are going into surgery centers. But that's been the only dynamic we've seen change. No real change to the procedure utilization.

Yes, I'd just like to add 1 comment. I'd just like to add 1 comment. So as you probably are hearing across not just med tech industry, but broadly, there is pressure on raw material input costs. And I'm delighted with the way that our organization has been able to offset those with a lot of other savings initiatives, efficiency initiatives and purchasing initiatives, which has been kind of in the works for the last couple of years, but we've really built tremendous capabilities now, something I haven't been able to speak about, frankly, in prior years. 
But we really have the organization humming right now. And so we are able to offset some of the challenges that others are experiencing, and we're also experiencing in the electronics and some certain components and feel really good about our supply chain resiliency.

Thank you.

Yes, Matt, nothing specific to report in that area. I mean the 1 thing that we have seen throughout the pandemic is variability. And so certainly, by geography, by area, you're getting a lot of variability. So again, nothing that I would specifically point you to in terms of our mix.

Joanne, I mean, we've talked about this before. We certainly -- the pandemic did create an acceleration of a trend that was already starting with regard to the shift to the ASC. And we would expect that to continue. We feel very strong about our offense and very good about our offense that we have with regard to the ASC and really being able to bring and leverage the full power of our product portfolio in that setting. So we're very comfortable with that shift and certainly believe that we have the products to satisfy that shift and really be able to take advantage of that trend.

Yes, Joanne. The right way to think about it is we have virtually everything they need for an orthopedic surgery center, from building out the suites with the booms and the lights and the room design, to the operating table, to the beds and stretchers that are required, to the power tools and the flight helmets that they wear, all the implants, from foot and ankle procedures all the way to shoulder, including hips and knees, sports medicine procedures. Just think about our portfolio, it absolutely covers the gamut of what they need in those surgery centers. 
So that really makes life easy for an operator in ASC to be able to contract with 1 company to cover such a huge portion of the procedures that are being done. So our portfolio really lines up beautifully for that. We also -- you may have read recently that we have this deal with Conformis that we worked on a couple of years ago. We have started and launched our first few cases of a very, very simplified streamlined offering that provides less sterilization. We call it kind of a knee in a box. 
The official name of it is Triathlon AS-i with personalized cutting guides for the procedure. And so that was designed specifically for the ASC, and that's now launched. But frankly, a few years ago, we didn't realize that Mako would be this popular in the surgery center as it's proving to be. So we now have both that we can offer because some surgery centers won't have a robot. But yes, it involves a huge portion of our portfolio across some of our MedSurg products as well as our implant businesses.

Yes, Joanne, you're right. It is rounding the 2-year mark on Wright Medical. However, we're only 9 months into sort of the cash flow impact of buying Wright Medical. And so, as we announced at the time of the acquisition, we were going to focus on debt reduction and sort of tuck-in kind of M&A -- And so that really is what we've been doing, and you've seen it over the last 9 months, we've paid down just a little over $1 billion of debt this year. 
We'll continue to look for opportunities to do that as we move forward, but we're ahead of the schedule that we thought we'd be on for debt pay down. So that's good. And then honestly, our BD teams are working and looking at smaller tuck-in M&A deals which we think actually provide the most sort of shorter-term growth upside. And so we're excited as they bring us new deals to look at sort of in that kind of size and category.

Yes. Thanks, Larry. We -- our OUS business has picked up. As you saw in the pandemic, the U.S. business continued very strong on Mako, but our OUS business did slow down. That's ramping back up again. We are fully operational with both Japan and China on all 3 applications, same with Brazil as well as Russia. And so Japan is really starting to accelerate, which we're quite excited about. China has started. We still have -- it's a little bit behind Japan.
Brazil, we now have our first few sales in Brazil. So that's probably 1 of the later ones and Russia as well. So we're in the early stages in those 4 markets. The demand is very high from surgeons, which is exciting. Brazil was a delayed a little bit by COVID, but we are starting to build momentum there as well. So it's very exciting. The surgeons, it's kind of taking us back to when we launched Mako Total Knee here in the United States. There's high demand for it, and you should expect strong performances in the quarters ahead.

Okay. Thanks, Lawrence. I assume by that question, you're talking about general surgery robotics.

Yes, no problem. I just want to make sure that was clear. I would say there's really no need for us to be in general surgery robotics. As you can see, we're running a very good business at Stryker. It is a big market that has big growth potential. -- but it's something that, like other adjacencies that are attractive to us, be it areas I've spoken about in the past, like neuromodulation or peripheral vascular. This is an attractive adjacency. 
The pathway forward is not obvious and not clear at this time, but something we'll continue to look at. But it's not something we have to be in -- But if the right opportunity presents itself, and we think we can build a strong business, we'll certainly make a move, but not obvious at this point.

Sure. I won't speak specifically the guidance on gross margin and necessarily SG&A. I guess what I can tell you is that as we look at gross margin, we probably would plan on more orthopedic business, maybe impacting that gross margin, but that will be dependent on continued ramp in those businesses. On SG&A, we aren't fully ramped in terms of what I would call a normalized spend. And so as we look to continue sort of fueling the growth as we ramp back up, we'll probably see increases in SG&A over the course of this year.

Yes. No, we're not seeing any impact on implant choice. If they're moving to the hospital outpatient or even, frankly, to the surgery center, thus far, we're seeing surgeons continue to operate with the same implants -- so regardless of which facility they're operating in.

Yes. Thanks, Kaila. What I'd tell you is we're really excited about the upper extremities business. It was growing very, very fast before the acquisition, that's continuing to really sing especially in the United States, and we've just launched a new product, which will provide extra fuel to the fire. And then on the lower extremity side, we knew that the foot and ankle is going to be a tougher integration, but it's going well. 
They're a little bit more elective of those procedures, but the total ankle is doing extremely well. So overall, the product portfolio is performing well. Our sales forces are integrating well. The U.S. integration is ahead of schedule. OUS is going to take a little longer, and we knew that. These countries take a little longer with the distributor arrangements that we have in place before they fully hit their stride. 
But if you recall, when we started the year, we said low to mid-single-digit growth on a combined basis. And we sort of moved it up to mid-single, and now we're kind of thinking it's really going to be 6-plus percent for this year. And you should assume if this continues and the elective procedures on the lower extremities ramps up, that we should have a very good year next year. And also, our core Trauma business is actually having a very good year as well. 
So overall, feeling very good about it. We're not going to give guidance to next year, but I think you can tell by our tone that we're feeling very optimistic about the future of our Trauma and Extremities business.

Kaila, just as we think about spine in comparison to other ortho areas, we haven't seen a significant difference in that recovery. I think I mentioned before, variability really being the key word. And so again, there's just been different pockets of disruption and opportunity as well. And so nothing significant that I would say that we've seen in terms of the recovery for spine that's been different than what we've seen in our other elective areas.

Yes. So in terms of underlying growth, I mean, we don't break out guidance in terms of as we think about spine. But we do expect that market and that business to continue to accelerate as the recovery happens in the back half of the year. 
With regards to robotics, I mean we've talked about this before is -- of our key areas of focus for robotics and applications that are next, Spine is one of those. And so we continue to move down that path with a couple of different options, looking at Mako, but also through our Mobius acquisition and the Cardan robots, some opportunities there. We don't have a time line that we are sharing at this point. And so something that we'll continue to update you on as we make progress in that area.

Nothing new to report at this point. I mean, obviously, it's still fairly new in terms of the acquisition into the organization. We still do believe in smart implants and smart devices and that they will have a role to play in orthopedics. And so as we -- as similar as with robotics, as we get further down that pathway, it's something that we will certainly keep you updated on.

Yes. We have a very custom designed approach to selling to the ASCs. It's not something were to elaborate on this call. But I would say it has required a different approach, and we're really excited about the way our offense is working in the market.

Yes. Well, expectations for us, I would say we expect Mako to continue to do very, very well. As you've seen with other competitive entrants into the market, it only validates that robotics is here to stay in orthopedics. And so we like our chances. We know we have an outstanding solution that delivers great results, which is why hospitals are buying their second and third and fourth Makos. And so we welcome the comparison. It's early days for them. And we just like the fact that robotics is going to continue to grow within orthopedics.

Travis, thanks for the question. In terms of the VBP in China, it is something that's ongoing. We don't have any major updates at this point as we're waiting on feedback on the process. I think 1 thing to note and you mentioned this, certainly, China is a smaller part of our business. And then as we focus on the products that are actually potentially under the tenders, it's an even smaller component of our business.
So just something to keep in mind as we think about the overall impact that could be coming from VBP on our business. So we expect to hear back something later in the third quarter. And at that point in time, we'll take a look at it. The 1 thing that we know is just based on the timing, we don't expect it to have any significant impacts on our 2021 numbers. And so we'll continue to monitor and it will be something that we will contemplate as we go into 2022.

Yes. So certainly, OUS, it's a much smaller business. I would say, within the U.S., the tailwind of the shift to the ASC and our ASC offense is in addition to great cadence of new products has really fueled very strong growth, and we had a 20% growth in the first quarter in the U.S. in our Sports Medicine business.

Yes, I think the way things are playing out right now, the dislocation is less than spine, certainly. That's been our experience. It's been a pleasant surprise so far, especially on the foot and ankle side, where we had anticipated a bit more dislocation. And frankly, we have terrific products, and we've provided really quick stability for our salespeople to know who their boss is, to know what their territory is. And so we moved with more speed this time, learned some lessons from prior integrations. 
I would tell you that we think we're growing at least at the market if not above the market because you have to remember that at least 6% is for the full year, including a pretty depressed first quarter, right? So the first quarter of this year was not kind of a normal year as it relates to the Extremities business at all. So to have that over the full year, at least 6% on a combined basis, I think that's probably growing above the market. And we'll see as the year progresses, feeling very good about both our core Trauma business and our Extremities business.

Well, it's been growing at that kind of rate for the last few years. And this year, you are seeing an acceleration of growth. And what I would attribute it to is we already have fabulous coils, stent retrievers were already very, very good. but we've strengthened our portfolio with the flow diverting stent, with the Surpass Evolve stent and with the 0.074 Vecta catheter -- aspiration catheter. So that, for us, was a product gap. 
We didn't have an easy to deploy empty catheter approach for flow diverting stent, and we didn't have a large bore aspiration catheter. So we plugged those, let's call them, product gaps. And we've had fantastic expansion around the world. And really, the Atlas stent in China as an adjunctive stent for hemorrhagic is performing exceptionally well. And this global business is really, really well run. 
We have an exceptional leadership team over there that have been executing very well. But I would say the acceleration, let's call it, this year's acceleration versus prior years is really driven by this product cycle that really has us covering all of the bases with excellent products that are meeting the needs of our customers.

Yes. So listen, we knew they had a good business, and we knew that their culture was similar to Stryker's, but there's been some pleasant surprises along the way. Their talent,is really excellent. And a lot of times, when we buy companies, we buy them for their products, but then we have to infuse a lot of our management. They're a leader for upper extremities, they're leader for lower extremities, they're leading our businesses, our Head of Knees came from Wright Medical. 
And so we have an infusion of talent that for me has been a positive surprise. I mean, really outstanding leaders. Their sales leader for upper extremities is outstanding. And so that's been 1 positive. The second I would say is their key opinion leaders. They absolutely work with fabulous key opinion leaders on both upper and lower extremities. And I would say that they are better key opinion leaders than we had within Stryker. 
And so those are 2 really, to me, pleasant surprises. And just the pipelines, we thought they were good. They've turned out to be a little better than we thought, and that really applies across the board. So there are certain things that you know. When you do a public deal, you don't get to do the same amount of due diligence as you do with a private acquisition. And so those instincts -- we had instincts that things were going to be good. They're proving to be even better than we first thought.

Yes. Our primary focus was on the ASC, but there are a lot of hospitals that are concerned about sterilization and sterilization being sort of a constraint and they like less trays, they'd like less instrumentation. They like less space taken up in their stock rooms. So I wouldn't say it's limited to ASCs, but that it really is out of the gates, let's say, for the first 6 to 9 months. 
That's -- our prime focus is going to be on the ASC because of their constraints on sterilization are the most acute. But I would say that there probably will be interest beyond that. But let's see, that will be more of a next year kind of commentary that I'd be able to give you.

Yes. Thanks. Listen, we're big believers in enabling technologies. We obviously have that with Mako. We did the Mobius acquisition, and we're very excited about the imaging aspect of that. We do have a gap in spine robotics, and we do believe that the first foray -- the 2 competitive systems on the market today are really good guidance systems for the placement of pedicle screws. And -- but it's providing value to surgeons, and we definitely want to have something like that on the market, which was what Mobius was working on. 
And then beyond that, we think with Mako, we could get into other procedures and other applications, but robotics is difficult. So it's going to take time for us to develop those applications, and we'll keep you posted. But we do -- we are big believers in enabling technology, and we're going to continue to invest in that space.

Yes. Yes, sure. I think first of all, as a baseline, if you think about the normal operating margin that was acquired through Wright Medical, it was significantly less than, say, Stryker's normal operating margin. So if you think what have we worked on during this integration period, it was really pulling Wright Medical up and trying to look for all the synergies that we had built into our model so that we could drive better operating margins at Wright Medical. 
I think fast forwarding into next year and looking at where that might look on a combined basis, I think we'll get back to our normalized op margin expansion of 30 to 50 basis points. But at this point, that's a little ways away, and we're not really necessarily guiding for 2022.

Yes. Listen, we don't have a big reveal at this conference. As you say, we'll talk -- we'll have the Conformis product that we can talk about, Triathlon AS-i we have Mako, which is still going to be talked about quite a bit, especially with the new hip application that's starting to gain some steam but still takes time to get that socialized more broadly. 
In addition to that, we have a recent approval the InSpace balloon for large rotator cuff repair within our Sports Medicine business, which is a very exciting product and a product used by sports medicine surgeons as well as the surgeons that do shoulder arthroplasty that come from Wright Medical. So that's also an exciting product. So -- and as well as the Perform humoral product that Glenn mentioned earlier on with Wright Medical. 
So a number of new products, but it's really, frankly, an exciting time to get back with our customers at scale. Not having that conference last year was certainly a gap and really look forward to engaging with our customers once again. And so that's really what we're going to be showing. It's not something brand new that we're going to be unveiling but really more of just continuing the momentum that we already have.

No. Thus far, we're not seeing really any change in implant pricing. What we are seeing is -- because of the capital requirement, we are seeing deals that involve multiple businesses of Stryker. We're seeing much more of that than we see in the hospitals. So the deals that we do typically involve 4 or 5 different businesses at Stryker, whereas hospitals tend to buy product category by product category, but no real change on pricing.

Yes, absolutely. So we're very pleased with smoke evacuation and what that business does for us in terms of our ability to grow. As we look at it, we really look at ourselves as market leaders behind our broad portfolio. And it's one of those businesses that actually sits across a couple of different divisions, both within instruments and also within endo -- our endo businesses. 
In terms of what our expectations are, I mean we're really going to continue to expand as that market continues to expand, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. really driven by legislation and really the desire around a safer operating room behind smoke-free operating rooms.

Yes. Listen, it feels good to be sort of getting back to normal. It isn't totally normal. There are these pockets of disruption, but I would say that surgeons are starting to fill up their schedules. They're taking meetings with us. They're coming to trainings. And so we feel like we're sort of almost getting back to the kind of rhythm we had before. 
You can see it in our guidance. I mean it's a pretty bullish guide to say we're going to do 9% to 10% organic plus strong performance out of Wright Medical, which was an integration that's pretty complex involving the trauma extremities as well as our joint replacement business because those businesses used to be under common sales management, and we've pulled those out. And so to be able to do all that and have this kind of wind in our back is pretty exciting in -- I would say customers are ready to engage AAOS. I think, will be a pretty big conference. And based on what I'm hearing, it will be fairly well attended. And I think those are great opportunities for us to be able to show the power of Stryker and what we can offer to our customers.

I would say more of the same. You look at that knee number, that's a pretty good knee number, and that has been the killer application with Mako. And Mako is very, very strong, as you saw through the pandemic -- And I think that will continue to be probably the 1 business that stands out. I mean, obviously, upper extremities is going to continue to be a very, very strong performer. But I would say that's the 1 that probably we're feeling continued bullishness, if you will. But there's not been really any other new dynamics just in the last quarter.

Well, thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q3 results with you in October. Thank you.