Thank you. Welcome to Stryker's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.
For the quarter, we posted organic sales growth of 8.4% versus 2019, driven by excellent double-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, but this was offset by softer sales of Hips, Knees and Spine due to the resurgence of COVID-19. The slowdown in deferrable procedures primarily impacted the U.S. and worsened through the quarter. While our implant businesses were challenged, we saw strong results for our Mako robotic technology and capital products across our MedSurg portfolio. In addition, we had strong performances from our more emergent businesses, including our core Trauma business and another standout performance by Neurovascular.
International organic growth of 12% again outpaced growth in the U.S., representing robust performances and lessening impacts of COVID-19 across most major geographies, including strong results across Europe, Australia, Canada and emerging markets.
Our year-to-date organic growth is 7.6%. And with the continued uncertainty related to COVID recovery as well as health care staffing shortages, we are updating our full year organic sales growth guidance to 7% to 8% compared to 2019. Our capital equipment order book remains strong, and we are well positioned for the eventual procedure recovery.
Our adjusted EPS grew 15% versus 2019. And we continued our focus on driving cash flow, leading to a year-to-date cash conversion of 87%. The EPS growth, although solid, was lower than our expectations and is reflected in our updated guidance, which Glenn will elaborate on. Meanwhile, we are pleased with our cash flow performance which provides us with additional flexibility for future M&A opportunities.
While the quarter did not progress as we had anticipated due to the Delta variant, we remain confident in the outlook for our businesses, as evidenced by our strong International, MedSurg and Neurotechnology performances. We expect these businesses to continue to perform at high levels with the uncertainty most concentrated in deferrable procedures in the United States. We continue to feel bullish about our longer-term prospects as the pandemic recedes with our proven strategy and strong fundamentals. We are excited to share more with you at our upcoming Analyst Day on November 18.
I will now turn the call over to Preston.

Yes, this is Kevin. And we're continuing to see a shift to the ASC. The challenge we have right now is just the pace. So the capacity takes time to build, and every hospital system is in the process of trying to increase their capacity. So it is improving. And certainly, that will be a trend that was -- that had started prior to the pandemic and is continuing.
We feel very good about our position in the ASC. It's way ahead of our expectations, frankly, going into the pandemic. One measure that we look at is our Sports Medicine business, and that performed in the United States was north of 20% growth in Q3. So we're seeing strength, but the challenge on the hip and knee side of it is just time to build capacity. So it's growing, but it's going to just take time before it becomes a really, really meaningful part of our business. But we believe we're extremely well positioned both with Mako and even without Mako, with our portfolio of everything that they need for an ASC.

Well, I think the capital strength has really given the liquidity of hospitals. So hospitals, even though they're struggling through the pandemic, their liquidity is very good, partially due to the CARES funding that was put in place. They're in strong position, and they are getting ready for the future. As we talked about on the last question about ASCs and construction of ASCs and investments in hospitals, the demand for technology is very strong. Our order book for capital is very strong. And there, in fact, in Q3, there was actually even some slight delays of some of the capital. There were some challenges of actually having staff to receive some of these capital equipment and put it in place. But I would say I'm feeling very bullish, and that capital cycle should continue, speaking in the United States, through all of next year.
As it relates to the deferrable procedures, hips, knees, spine, those represent for Stryker a little less than 30% of our sales, and those are the ones that are most impacted. They will come back. And frankly, I'm excited about certainly hip and knee where the Mako volume continues to grow. And when those procedures come back, we're in a terrific position to capitalize on those because the Mako procedures we're putting in, roughly half of those are going into competitive accounts. And so when volumes come back, we will be able to really take advantage of that, not just in our own Stryker-friendly accounts, but even in competitive accounts.

So the Mako business momentum continues, and it's been strong throughout the pandemic. So in spite of the procedural slowdowns, we're seeing strong demand for our system. We clearly have the leading system on the market with a big head start versus the competition. And frankly, the competition has actually raised the water level of robotics and raised the importance of robotics. So we love our position, and we believe that it's just going to increase the demand for Mako. More and more systems are ordering their second and third and fourth Mako. So we know we have a winning solution for customers.
We're very excited, frankly, with our hip software and our new hip application, which has now penetrated in all of our Mako accounts, and we're seeing a nice uptick. Even though the overall volumes are down because of COVID, we are seeing a nice uptick in the hip adoption given the new software, which makes it easier to do the procedure. So we feel like we're in a very good position. And the fact that there's more competitors to the space just validates the importance of orthopedics, and we like our chances.
Now as it relates to the shoulder program, we do have an active program. We're not in a position right now to talk about time lines or dates for that. But as you saw with our results in Q3, our shoulder business is doing very well, even before we have a solution with Mako.

We are always actively looking at deals at Stryker. Even after the Wright Medical deal, as you saw, we've done a couple of smaller deals with Orthosensor and Gauss Surgical. Because of the debt that we've had to pay down, we've been focused more on tuck-ins, but I'm really delighted with the cash flow performance that we've had both last year as well as the first 9 months of this year. So now we can start to look at, let's say, slightly larger tuck-ins while we continue to pay down the debt. Valuations are very high overall, but there's still a lot of targets, and we feel pretty confident that we'll be able to continue to run our M&A in offense and find value-creating acquisitions for Stryker.

As Preston mentioned, Q4, we're assuming a similar growth rate as we saw in Q3. So versus 2019. we're expecting similar kind of growth rate. Obviously, sequentially, we'll have an improvement because Q4 is a larger quarter than Q3. But year-over-year, we're expecting a similar growth rate.
Related to that question, I would say that the -- it's really ortho and spine-related. That's the bigger factor. So we have products that are used in general surgery and our Endoscopy division and smoke evacuation, and we're not seeing the same kind of falloff in those areas as we're seeing in hips, knees and spine. So I do believe it's mostly procedure-related, which creates the difference that you're describing between us and some of the other med tech companies.
There's also regional. Stryker, of course, has a very strong presence in the United States. And so that regional impact -- you even saw that with our own implant businesses that we had a more negative impact in the United States than we did in international. And so that's the secondary factor. But I would say the primary factor for what you're seeing versus other companies is that these procedures, hip, knee, spine, are more deferrable than some of the other procedures in some of our other med tech peers.

Yes, this is Kevin. I would say that I'm absolutely bullish about the Wright Medical integration. It's been fantastic in the United States. As Preston mentioned, we still have work to do outside the United States. The timing is a little bit later with some of the conversions of our distributors. And so we're still working through it OUS, but in the U.S., very bullish about core trauma, upper extremities and lower. Now lower, of course, has been impacted somewhat by the deferral of procedures because they're more elective, a lot of the foot and ankle procedures. 
But love the leadership team that we have in place, love the pipeline that we have in place and really believe that the entire business of Trauma and Extremities will be accretive to overall Stryker. As you know, Extremities is probably the fastest-growing space within Orthopaedics. And we have a fantastic portfolio, a combined portfolio in both upper and lower extremities. 
But I think one of the side benefits of the Wright Medical integration has been for us to also have a dedicated business just on trauma. So 3 dedicated businesses, 3 terrific leaders of all businesses and great leadership teams. And so we're seeing that, frankly, as you saw with the U.S. number on a combined basis being over 8%, is really a terrific performance. In spite of a slowdown in the foot and ankle space, the overall business is performing very well. And I do expect in '22 and beyond that it will be accretive to Stryker's overall growth rate.

Sure. On the first question, as you've seen over the last 9 years and fully expect into the future that we will have organic sales growth at the high end of med tech. Clearly, COVID has put a crimp on that in hips, knees and spine. But other than that, you're seeing that in all of the rest of our businesses. And as the recovery happens, you should fully expect that we'll continue to be a top-tier grower.
As it relates to margins, Glenn, do you want to...

Just to reiterate what I said in my opening comments, we expect very high performance for MedSurg and Neurotechnology. So we expect them to perform very similarly. It may not be some puts and takes between the businesses a little bit. But overall, you should expect similar growth out of MedSurg and Neurotechnology in Q4, as you saw in Q3. So the delta versus the Street is clearly in the hip, knee and spine area. That's the area that's had the biggest impact from COVID. 
And what we're calling in our guidance is for a similar quarter in Q4 as Q3. Now obviously, we don't have a lot of visibility. It's an uncertain environment. Hopefully, the recovery will be better than what we're calling, but that's the visibility that we have thus far. And as you saw that this quarter surprised us, Q3, and we're being cautious as we give our guidance for Q4.

We're really excited about the new stem. The procedures are being launched this quarter -- early launch, I'd call it, this quarter. And we're building up towards a full launch of the hip stem at the AAOS meeting, which is towards the end of the first quarter. So it will be a bit of a slow build, but we're really excited. And that stem, we will marry that stem up with Mako. So that's one of the things we still have to do that. 
But I would say you'll start to see a pretty meaningful impact in -- probably by the end of the second quarter, beginning of the third quarter, you'll start to see meaningful impact. But this is a product gap that we've had for some time. Very excited about the position that we're in. We're building the product right now. Surgeons who have seen the product are very excited about it. So we do believe it's what we've needed, frankly, within our hip portfolio. And you'll start to see that -- again, you won't see a lot -- you won't see anything really in the fourth quarter, and you won't see much in the first quarter, but it will start to have an impact in the second quarter and definitely in the back half of next year.

So thank you all for joining our call, and we hope that you can all join us in person on November 18 for our 2021 Analyst Meeting and Product Fair with our broader leadership team. Thank you.