Welcome to Stryker's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Jason Beach, Vice President of Investor Relations.  
For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Jason with the trends we saw during the quarter and updates on Mako and Vocera. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.  
For the quarter, organic sales growth was 6% with high single-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, led by endoscopy, instruments and neurocranial. Our hip and knee businesses delivered high single-digit growth in the face of tough compares from 2021.  
Internationally, we posted high single-digit organic growth with strength in Canada, Europe and Japan as well as double-digit organic growth in emerging markets despite the China COVID-related slowdowns.  
During the quarter, we continue to have robust demand for our capital products. However, we had meaningful shipment delays as a result of ongoing product supply challenges mostly affecting our large capital businesses. As a reminder, less than 10% of our revenue is large capital with about 15% of our revenue being smaller operating capital that drives revenue for hospitals.  
For the quarter, we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.25 as we faced increasing negative impacts from foreign exchange as well as inflationary pressures and significant premiums on inventory spot buys. We expect these pressures to continue in the back half of the year. However, the supply situation is improving.  
Given the higher input costs, we've begun to take a series of pricing actions across our portfolio. These will take time to be reflected in our results given the phasing of contract renewals in many areas of our business.  
We continue to invest in R&D at a healthy ratio of sales, demonstrating our continued focus on new product pipelines. We remain confident in the outlook of our business and expect to continue to deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech. However, even with disciplined spending, the worsened foreign exchange situation and other pressures will prevent us from delivering leverage to earnings in 2022.  
With half of the year behind us and a very strong order book, we now expect full year organic sales growth of 8% to 9%. And due largely to foreign currency exchange, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.30 to $9.50 per share. Overall, our team has shown good resiliency and we are on track for another strong year of sales growth. Our employee engagement remains very high, and we continue to win awards as a Great Place to Work, most recently as a Great Place to Work for Millennials by Fortune.  
We are also gearing up for some exciting new product launches in 2023 and look forward to an improved supply chain picture. Through the many challenges that we had faced since 2020, we feel optimistic about how we are positioning ourselves for the future.  
I will now turn the call over to Jason.

Yes. Sure, Robbie, this is Kevin. I'll take that. So first of all, I feel very good about the momentum that we have across all of our businesses. Medical for sure is going to have a much better second half. They were the division that was most affected by the shortages. We do have a line of sight towards the supply of key electronic components, and we're going to ramp up as fast as we can to meet that demand.  
But we also have softer comps. This second quarter was by far the most difficult comparative from the prior year. So we have softer comps across, frankly, all of our businesses in Q3 and Q4. And the order book, not just for medical, but if I look at the other MedSurg businesses like instruments and endoscopy, which both had terrific Q2, they're going to continue to have strong growth in Q3, Q4.  
So we obviously feel very good about the demand from our hospital customers. That gives us the confidence to raise our sales growth. We exited the first half at 7.5% with a very tough Q2 comp. So we feel pretty good about getting to the 8% to 9% on the top line.  
On the bottom line, as you can see, based on the change in our guidance from last quarter, $0.15, if you look at the midpoint of our range, $0.15 of our drop is due to foreign currency. So that's the majority the adjustment on the EPS line. And we're really fighting through significant supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures. And right now, obviously, taking it on the chin for our customers, at least for this year. But we are taking -- obviously starting to take pricing actions. Those -- we won't see a lot of that in this year. It will start to roll kind of more into next year. But I'd say the majority of our takedown is due to foreign currency but obviously, very significant supply chain pressures that we're dealing with but a very strong demand situation overall.

Yes. Thanks, Robbie. As you can imagine, a lot has changed in the last 6 months. A lot could change in the next 6 months. And as you know, we always give guidance in January, which we'll do. But what I will say is the spot buy situation has been pretty significant. It's been a big part of our gross margin negative story for this year. That is starting to abate. I would hope that, that gets better next year. But obviously, we'll update you in January in terms of the overall outlook.  
I would not call this year an easy year from the top line comparative. Driving organic growth of 8% to 9% is pretty heavy, but we do have a lot of very exciting launches next year. We have System 9 for power tools, 1788 camera launch, a LIFEPAK defibrillator launch, a Neptune S which is a smaller version of Neptune for GI in ASC. Those are all really outstanding launches.  
So I do expect that the top line will continue to hum for Stryker next year. The bottom line, we're going to work through these challenges, and we'll have more to talk about in January.

Yes. Larry, first of all, on the Mako side, what I would tell you is this is not a new trend. This has been happening over the past kind of 6 months where we're seeing more deals being financed versus outright purchased and actually a move towards more rental agreements. And if you have a rental agreement, you can't recognize all the revenue upfront.  
Even in some of our overall finance deals, we could recognize more of the revenue upfront. In a rental, the customer has the right to return the product. And so you can't record all the revenue upfront, and that's what our competitors are also offering. We're not really worried because we've had virtually no returns of our product once we get our products in. And you can tell by our utilization of Mako, which again, we'll report on at the end of the year, we have highly utilized machines.  
And so -- but that's really -- that's a shift that's been ongoing. It was a new factor this quarter. We're really pleased with the number of installations. But the revenue per unit that we can recognize upfront is lower. And we'll be able to recognize more of this revenue over the life of the contracts.  
And then as it relates to the rest of the capital equipment environment, what I'd tell you is we wouldn't be taking up our sales if we felt that the capital environment was softening in any way, shape or form. The small capital is needed to be able to do procedures. Power tools, worn-out cameras need to be replaced. And the medical business is continuing to get fantastic order growth whether it's on the defibrillator or power cots as well as our ProCuity bed. The orders are continuing to really pour in.  
We're not seeing hospital construction projects being halted at all. And just look at our communications business, which is a large capital business. They had a terrific quarter in the second quarter and their order book is continuing to grow. So the timing of construction may get delayed a quarter or so, but no one's canceling these projects. Nobody is canceling any of our orders. So we're feeling, at least through the end of this year, feeling pretty bullish about the overall environment.  
Hospital liquidity is still strong. Now of course, they're feeling pressure on their profits but their liquidity is in a healthy position. And that's really where the source of funding comes for capital.

Well, let me start with the hips. We're feeling really great about our hip business. And as you know, the Insignia launch was -- is a very big launch. It's not actually even fully launched. So we are still deploying sets out in the field. But the customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. 
And that also is compatible with the Mako robot. The Mako robot utilization for hips is also increasing pretty significantly, which is exciting. That's due in part to the Hip 4.0 software that we launched, I guess, about 2 or 3 quarters ago. That new software, combined with this Hip Stem, I believe will position us for  growing above the market in hips. Not everybody has reported yet, so let's see how that plays out this quarter. But we're really only getting started with that Stem launch and very excited about the hip business. What was the first part of the question?

Yes. So on the first part of your question was on capital. So clearly, medical is going to improve in the second half versus their performance. They were down organically in the first half of the year. They're going to be up pretty significantly in the second half of the year because they were the most affected by the shortages of electronics. 
We still -- even though we're guiding to this 8% to 9%, that doesn't assume that we completely bleed everything. We're still living in a bit of a tough environment out there. And so there is that risk ongoing that might move us towards the lower end of the range or move us up to the higher end of the range. 
On the implant side, we're feeling pretty good about procedures are largely back to normal in most parts of the world. And really, it's about the hospital staffing. If that staffing gets better, then obviously, there's a lot of pent-up demand for procedures. And we're feeling very good about our position in those businesses.

Yes. Right now, we're not baking in any major changes. Certainly, if you look at prior situations where hospitals were under fire, we really didn't see much of an impact at all in the small capital area. The one area you could see some impact would be in the larger capital. But of course, a lot of our business, we do have financing through Stryker Flex Financial, which does help with offsetting the kind of pressures that the hospital has in terms of overall capital. 
And as I mentioned earlier, coming out of the -- out of 2020 with CARES Act funding, liquidity of hospitals is actually pretty good right now. So with our portfolio mix, I think we're in good shape. If you think about something like Mako, it's still early in the cycle and hospitals are really anxious to get that product. It's not like they have old Makos that they're trying to upgrade and change. They're looking at increasing adoption early in the cycle. 
So I think our portfolio lends itself very well to what hospitals need. And they're going to prioritize our capital and potentially not prioritize other people's capital. You could say that's an optimistic outlook but just the way orders are continuing to stream in -- and we haven't had really any orders canceled. And we don't have a history of that in our company. 
So do I have great visibility into the second half of next year? No. Do I have really good visibility through the end of this year and probably into the early part of next year? Yes, I think we do.

Yes. Yes. First of all, I actually think instruments and endoscopy are pretty sexy businesses. But really, this is really about having terrific products. Our power tools are market-leading. Our Flyte helmets are market-leading. Procedures are picking up. And if procedures pick up, every time you do an orthopedic procedure using our Flyte helmet, you're using our -- if you're using cement, you're using our cement mixers. You're using our power tools. In the general surgery area, you're using our cameras. And they go through the autoclave and then they break down and then they've got to be replaced. 
And so we have obviously the leading imaging system. And so -- and our sports medicine business has just been on fire, right? It's growing strong double digits. And our ASC offense, we had a fabulous second quarter in ASC. We have a couple of new shoulder products with our InSpace balloon as well as our AlphaVent PEEK anchors. 
And so we have a lot of strength across those 2 businesses. And they always have been kind of consistent growers for Stryker, if you go back over the last 15 years. And so they're going to continue their momentum. They have been a really great engine of R&D and new products. And both power tools and cameras have new launches coming up next year. So I think it's absolutely -- they're absolutely durable. 
What was the second part, sorry?

Yes. So neurovascular, look, the market has been a bit soft in the U.S. Just keep in mind, the U.S. is certainly smaller in NV. They actually have more of their sales outside of the United States. It's a little different than the rest of the Stryker portfolio. But the market has been a bit softer. And on the aspiration side, there have been a lot of competitive entrants in the United States. A lot of new aspiration products, which when the new products are launched, it does take surgeon attention. They want to try them out. And so there's been a bit of a factor there that has touched that business. 
But overall, I still feel very good about the neurovascular business. It's still going to -- we're still treating just a small fraction of the patients that need to be served. And over time, we're sure that, that business will pick up, not just outside the U.S. but also inside the U.S.

Yes. And keep in mind, Joanne, like some of the contracts have rebate clauses. And so you see those rebates do show up in our price number and that's a bit of a lag effect, right? So they earn the rebate and then the rebate flows through. So that's another part of this timing issue where it will take time for this to show up even as we negotiate higher prices for our products.

Joanne, could you repeat that for us? Sorry, we had a little trouble here.

Yes. The one thing I'd tell you is the spine team is pretty excited about -- but just separate from Mako, Joanne, I would say the spine team is pretty excited about Q Guidance, which received approval, okay. It's not a full robotic solution, but it is a pretty exciting offering within enabling technologies. We now have the spinal application approved and the cranial application is sitting with the FDA. But that should give them a bit of a lift in the second half.

Yes. Certainly, we saw choppiness in the second quarter. That's kind of the word I would use. And it could be related to staffing challenges, just hiring staff and having consistent staff that actually know the procedure, so you can do the same number of procedures that you used to do in a day, and COVID, which affected, frankly, some of the nurses as well as patients who had to delay their procedure because they got -- contracted COVID. 
So that type of choppiness is actually still lingering right now as we speak. But we've seen a nice uptick in procedural volumes, and we do expect that uptick to gradually improve. We're not calling it -- calling for a giant spike. But we are calling for this kind of environment to continue and see gradual improvement from where we were in the second quarter through the rest of the year.

Yes. It's not that we're showing up anywhere differently. It's just that if your competitor offers a rental option, the customer says, "Do you have a rental option?" And so the idea is, look, we're not going to let our prior contracting approach stop us from competing. And so we've introduced a rental option and started to promote that just to make sure that that's not one of the barriers and that we let the technologies fight head-to-head and let the best technology win. 
So it's more of a response to what has been happening in the marketplace, not so much that we're going into different accounts. We've always been active in competitive accounts as well as active in -- with surgeons that use Stryker products. We're really pretty agnostic. Whoever wants to use robotics, we want to make sure that we show up and that they're able to try our technologies, and we believe we have the best system in the market.

Yes. Look, I'm really excited about our success in the ASC market. One of the ways you can gauge that is just our sports medicine business, which is normally involved in those deals and has been a big beneficiary of the overall Stryker offense and also Mako. So with the Mako, sales in the ASC has continued to increase. So if you look at the percentage of Makos in ASCs versus hospitals, that ratio has been gradually increasing. It increased again in the second quarter. 
So the ASC is a place that Stryker can really play well given that we're so deep in the orthopedic service line with capital equipment as well as implants and disposables.

Yes. First of all, I think there's nothing holding back our trauma business. I would tell you that we had a massive comp from the prior year. If you go back to the prior year second quarter, we had pretty massive comparative. We have a great trauma business, whether it's the upper extremities business, which grew double digits again and will continue to grow double digits for the rest of the year. 
I think foot and ankle, the total ankle had another really strong quarter in the second quarter. It was a little bit soft on the sort of the forefoot procedures. And then the overall sort of underlying core trauma business, the market was a little bit softer. That happens from quarter-to-quarter, right? So whether it's weather, whether it's who knows what, it's not unusual. But I have 0 worries about our trauma and extremities business. We are wildly excited about the way Wright Medical is integrated into our business. And we have a business, as you've seen over the past 5 years, that performs very, very well. And so there's nothing holding that business back. I'm pretty bullish on that business for the future.  Was there a second part?

Well, product pipeline. I think I mentioned before that we're really entering a pretty exciting period going into next year with System 9 and next-generation power tools; 1788 camera, the next-generation camera; LIFEPAK defibrillator, which is the big -- sort of the big, large complex defibrillator; and then the Neptune S, which is a smaller version of Neptune that will get us into procedure areas that we're not currently in today, especially GI, which is a very, very high-volume procedure. 
An amazing feature of this product is the ability to be able to capture the polyp. And if you have to watch what they have to do today to find polyps within the waste that they have to sort through, it's not very pretty. And this is a very, very elegant solution with this innovation. And so something we're very excited about being able to launch. It will get us, frankly, into brand new markets where we don't even play today. 
So those are some of the launches. I'm sure I'm missing a few from some of the other divisions. But those are big launches. And as you know, when we launch those big -- when we have these big launches, they really do drive growth and they have historically.

Yes. Look, China, it was a tough quarter, and I think anybody you talk to would say that just given the lockdowns and all the challenges. So we certainly had negative growth in China in the quarter. But our other emerging markets were pretty fantastic. And that growth was able to offset the negative that we had in China. 
It's looking like it's starting to get better. But we didn't fare, I don't think, any better than our competitors. It was definitely a tough quarter, Q2 in China. We do have some businesses that were -- like our neurovascular business continue to do very well in China. They were a little less impacted, just the nature of that type of procedure. But the rest of our businesses felt the same pressure as everybody else.

Well, I think, look, the recession would have to be pretty prolonged. We always have a delayed reaction across our portfolio, whether it's more elective procedures or whether it's capital equipment. We tend to get affected much later in the cycle versus other parts of the health care system. So it would have to be prolonged, which I think the economists for now are not really calling for kind of a prolonged recession. 
The other factor is really hospital liquidity. That's a big factor. So if you go back to the financial meltdown, it wasn't just that there was a recession, right? There was a liquidity crisis. And when that happens, that's when you see -- you saw our medical business, the large capital business, really get impacted. But we don't see a liquidity crisis today. The hospital balance sheets are actually quite strong, so that gives us some confidence. 
And plus, look, Stryker is a different company than it was. Back in the financial meltdown, large capital was a big part of our company. We've diversified dramatically in the past decade, so much so that it's less than 10% of our overall sales. So even if there was an impact, it's certainly not going to hurt us anywhere near the way it would have hurt us a decade ago.

Yes, it was strong. I mean I think Jason mentioned in his prepared remarks, it was -- we were up 19% versus the prior year. Now a good part of that was international. But even in the U.S., we had growth versus the prior year, and that's actually starting to pick up in the U.S. 
So demand is very strong. So you have to remember where we are in the cycle of robotics, right? We're in the early stages, in the early cycle of robotic surgery adoption. And I think if we were in a later cycle, might be a bit of a different story. But because it's robotics, it's still early. There are still people who are anxious to get their hands on robots. And we're now very active in all the teaching hospitals. And the residents are coming out and they want a robot. And when they go into their new facility and the facility doesn't have a robot, they put a lot of pressure on their hospital to adopt it. 
Now how they choose to pay for it, what type of contracting arrangements they get into, that's a whole other story. But facilities are buying their fourth and their fifth and their sixth robots. And so they're doing that because they absolutely believe in the value of robotics. That has nothing to do with marketing. It's all about really trying to provide best value for their customers and for their patients.

Yes. Look, the orders are continuing to pile up on ProCuity, and it's not just in friendly shops. So we are clearly winning competitive business. This is an absolutely fantastic product. The challenge that we have is there are a lot of microchips used in that product. And so we're really constrained on being able to ship to meet the demand. That is going to get better in the second half and into next year. But it's really -- it's a terrific product, and that's going to continue to drive growth. 
It's kind of year 2 of the product launch and if we weren't so supply constrained, we'd be shipping a lot more of those products. But beds don't sort of ramp as quickly in terms of the buying cycle as a power tool or as a camera. So I would expect the next, let's call it, 2 years to be really, really strong for ProCuity. And what was the second thing? 
On foot and ankle, look, we'll have to see what happens when everybody else reports and kind of see what's happening in the marketplace. It was a little bit softer for us on the forefoot side but strong on the total ankle side. And let's just -- we'll have to see how that plays out. I really -- it's a little premature for us to know kind of how we're doing. I would say we're pretty excited about -- we have a number of forefoot launches. We had some supply challenges in getting those launches activated. But like the EasyClip launch, for example -- or EasyFuse, we call it, sorry, it looks like a staple, a terrific product for forefoot procedures. 
But we stumbled a little bit in -- just because of supply chain challenges in getting these new launches for MIS forefoot. Those launches will -- I just mentioned one of those is EasyFuse. But there's about 5 of these products, which we'll start to see the impact of those in the second half of the year. So I'm feeling optimistic going forward, but that's -- the second quarter was a little bit choppy. Nothing that's overly concerning though.

Well, let me start with the product launches. When we do these new launches, we have sales forces that know how to kind of drive revenue. And these are products that do wear out and do need to be replaced. And so I'm not expecting any slowdown whatsoever. If anything, you should see growth continue and then gradually increase. And sometimes, it's not the first year that you see the spike. You sort of see it -- you certainly see it by the second year. 
So to me, this is just a continuation of -- it will continue a very, very good trend. Look, R&D has gone up and part of it is because of the mix of our businesses. If you think about neurovascular, it's a little more thirsty because of the clinicals that are required. We are launching a lot of new products, so our spend has increased. 
And look, we were over 7% of sales, I think, for the full year. I don't know that we'll stay over 7% but we'll be in kind of in that neighborhood as a percentage of sales. I don't know that it goes a lot higher from here. I think that's a pretty healthy level of R&D. But look, that fuels our growth and growth doesn't come for free. 
So you do have to invest in innovation if you want to continue to grow. But I think this is probably a good level. And we'll kind of stay at this level unless our portfolio drastically changes. We are doing more in the world of digital. That does cost some money. In Mako, we're pursuing different applications. That is a bit thirsty for R&D. But I would say that this is a pretty good level.

Yes. On the first question, I want to be really clear here that whenever we do launch new products, whatever price -- we normally will raise the price. But you won't see that in the price line of our quarterly results. So price -- the way we report price is like-for-like. 
So as the System 9, if it comes in at a higher price for the first year, that will show up in mix and volume. It will not show up in the price line. So in the second year, that like-for-like will start to show up. So just to be clear about that, we always -- ProCuity is a good example. The ProCuity price is higher than our [ S3 ] beds. But that -- in the first year of that launch, you don't see that showing up in the price line. It shows up in volume mix.  So I hope I'm clear on that. 
But obviously, that's going to be part of our strategy. As we launch new products, we're going to be able to raise prices. As it relates to implants, early days yet. We've had a couple of early conversations, and they've gone reasonably well. But it is way too early for me to be able to give you a sign of what is going to come in the future. And we'll have more to share on future calls.

Yes. Thanks for the question. Certainly, we are focused on tuck-ins, not just given Vocera but also Wright Medical. So we did Wright Medical not so long ago and then we did Vocera. As Glenn mentioned, we paid $450 million of debt down in the last quarter. 
So right now, given our balance sheet situation, our focus is really on tuck-ins. We have all of our businesses are actively pursuing these kind of tuck-ins. But you should expect that that's kind of in our near term, let's say, through at least the end of this year, our focus will be much more on the tuck-ins. 
And obviously, valuations are down. That doesn't mean that the companies that have these lower valuations are excited to sell at these new values. I think it's going to take a little time for that to set in before we're going to see a lot of those companies want to sell. 
So I don't think that we're going to miss a window, so to speak, just because we're focused on the tuck-ins. But we do need to digest the acquisitions. We do need to fortify our balance sheet, but we will continue to pursue tuck-ins.

Ryan, I'll handle the pricing/inflation one first. I do think some of the normal things that you think about relative to the inflationary environment we're in and we're feeling will persist and will live on into next year. We see labor increases. We see increases in these commodities. I do think it will take a while before transportation and freight settles down to a more, what I'll call, normal cadence in terms of ocean freight versus air freight. 
And so I think that will take a while to settle out. And in fact, where we enter into conversations with our customers about sort of what our cost makeup looks like and we're very frank with them, there are no surprises to them in terms of where we're seeing real increase in the real kind of raw materials and components that go into our products. And those are the kind of discussions that customers may not want to have, but they know and they expect it's coming. And so when we lead to go after price, we lead with details and with information so that they understand that underneath our pricing increase, we are feeling real increases in the components that go into our products.

Great. Well, thank you all for joining our call, and thank you for all your questions. We look forward to sharing our third quarter results with you in October. Thank you.