Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with updates on MAKO and K2M. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before the open the call to Q&A.
Following an excellent 2018, our Q1 results reflect continued momentum across our 3 segments with over 7% organic sales growth. This growth was balanced between U.S. and international at roughly 7% each with particularly robust gains in emerging markets and Europe. By segment, MedSurg led the way with 9% worldwide organic growth driven by impressive mid-teens organic growth at Instruments. Orthopaedics grew 5% globally with Knees growing 7% behind MAKO and Hips gaining 4%, benefiting from the recent 3D-printed acetabular cup launch. Neurotech and Spine had worldwide organic growth of 8% as Neurotech's double-digit growth powered by Neurovascular was offset by low single-digit Spine growth.
Turning to the P&L. Adjusted operating margin improved by 10 basis points despite absorbing significant deal-related dilution. With a strong top line and continued progress with our cost transformation for growth initiatives, we remain on track to achieve our full year target of 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion. We continue to effectively integrate acquisitions and also make meaningful investments in R&D, which insures a steady cadence of new product introductions, such as Endoscopy's recently launched 1688 camera. Overall, driven by the sales growth at the high-end of med tech, we achieved adjusted per share earnings of $1.88, up 12%. Looking ahead to the full year, we are confident in sustaining this momentum and in our ability to deliver on our commitments to our customers, employees and shareholders. This is reflected in our adjusted guidance, which raises the bottom end of both our full year organic sales growth and adjusted EPS ranges.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.

I would say, Bob, that it's really our efforts. As you know, we are underpenetrated in these markets versus the competition and as -- we've been upgrading our talent and changed our commercial offense in Europe, and I think it's primarily our efforts, the market conditions in Europe continue to be pretty challenged, but we had a particularly strong quarter. We did benefit from the comparison in the prior year. If you remember, the U.K. had debt blockages, so we didn't have that comparison this year. And in emerging markets, it's really -- we've been getting our offense rolling, last year we had double-digit growth and we had strong double-digit growth this year in emerging markets. So I'd say it's more of a Stryker story, but it's -- that's really due to our relative position versus others.

And on your second question about the Orthopaedic market. Last year was a slow market for -- in general and we had indicated that we thought this year would be slightly better. And I would say at this stage of the year, we do believe that the market will be slightly better in '19 than it was in 2018.

Yes, David, I'd say there's really no change. If you go back to our Analyst Meeting that we had back in November, I said I expected 2019 to be every bit as good as 2018 or a very similar year. And at this stage, for 2019, that holds and that's really across our businesses. As you've seen, since the beginning of '18, we have very good balance both across our businesses and across our geographies, which is different than the story we had 4 or 5 years ago. So I feel like all our businesses are in healthy position. We have, as you know, a number of new products that timing of which vary from business to business, but feel very good about the durability of our sales performance.

And as Katherine said in our opening comments, the order book continues to be strong. So we expect another strong year for MAKO in 2019.

Go ahead.

Yes, I just think last year was a bit of an anomaly. It was the lowest growth in the market that we've seen since 2011. And we don't see anything underlying in terms of demand and hospital dynamics that would cause that to be a situation that would continue. So I just think you get one of those kind of years every 7 or 8 years. It's unlikely that, that would continue. So I just think the underlying conditions in the market are good. We can see with MAKO that there is huge interest in continuing to advance the robotic offerings in these, in particular. So it's just one of those -- it's a feeling, right? I don't have a crystal ball, but it's just based on what we're seeing and what we're hearing in the marketplace. I think that right now, our intent at the beginning of the year, we said we believe it will be a better year. There's nothing I've seen that leaves me to believe it won't be. But I'm not expecting, it's not going to double or triple. It'll be a modest improvement in 2019.

Yes. No, we have not seen the pivotal data yet. I'm not sure about April 2019 date. We'll have to get back to on that. We don't have plans to launch OrthoSpace this year. I can't really comment on when that will be. We'll probably do that on the next earnings call, but we are very pleased with the data. OUS is really, really compelling. Surgeon feedback is outstanding. It solves a huge unmet need of large rotator cuff repairs, which today are not treatable. 
So we're really excited about the future prospects. But in terms of timing for U.S. launch that is something we'll get back to you on the next quarter's call.

Yes, no, so for the Stryker portfolio of products, we're not really seeing much of a change. I think we have seen a couple of decisions recently whether it's related to Paclitaxel or most -- more recently related to the slings, the vaginal mesh products. We've some decisions that the FDA has made, which might be deemed a little bit abrupt. But overall, our relationship -- industry with FDA has been very good, and frankly, has improved pretty measurably from 5 years ago. I think our user fee agreements that we have had with the FDA have been terrific. And frankly, most of the companies we talk to have more issues with CMS than they do with FDA. 
So I don't think there's a big change going on in FDA. There's been a couple of recent decisions that were maybe a little bit more abrupt than what we were used to. But overall, I would say -- I would characterize the relationship between Stryker and the FDA and the AdvaMed more broadly and the FDA as a very healthy relationship. Keep in mind that Jeff Shuren who is the head of CDRH, is still in his role, and we're very pleased with the progress he's made with the device group and have a good relationship with him. In spite of the change of the commissioner, there hasn't been a change in terms of the CDRH branch. So I would say things are very good still with the FDA.

And no slowdown...

Yes, no, we love our foot and ankle business. As you know, we've become sort of the market leader in on par with Wright Medical. From a position 5 or 6 years ago where we really had a very, very small place in the market. 
And so we expect to continue to grow well. We do have a number of small innovations within foot and ankle that we'll be launching this year just to round out our portfolio. And we expect to continue to grow really in line with market, potentially above market. We're the first to report, so it will be -- we'll have to wait and see how everybody else comes in. But it continues to be a strong grower for us. Within Trauma, it obviously grows faster than the overall Trauma and Extremities business, and that was true again in the first quarter.

Yes. So as you know, our sports medicine businesses has had very strong double-digit growth for a number of years as we've built out our implant portfolio, both internally developed as well as acquired through a number of smaller acquisitions. We're actually the market leader in hip arthroscopy on the heels of our Pivot acquisition as well as Pivot guardian table, which we launched internally. And we still have room to grow in both Knee and Shoulder. We have a couple of Shoulder product launches planned for this year that will bolster that part of the portfolio. So I expect continued strong double-digit growth out of Sports Medicine, it did have a very strong first quarter. We still have runway to go, and we're very pleased to now to be one of the leaders in sports medicine, which clearly wasn't the case [ 10 ] years ago. We continue to look for acquisitions. There aren't as many sort of mid-to larger sized companies, so we tend to have to pick off small companies, like you saw with OrthoSpace. But still plenty of room for innovation, and we're excited about building our strength more in the Knee and the Shoulder. And the Shoulder this year is a big priority with a number of new product launches.

Yes, at this point, in the political cycle, any comment would be purely speculative. I personally view the likelihood of Medicare for all as highly improbable.

Yes, and what I would say, when they do reach capacity, there always is the option of buying a second robot. And as we mentioned previously, about 10% of the hospitals where we have a robot have a second robot, and maybe a third robot. We have some systems -- very, very large systems that's has 4 or 5 robots. So the ability to sell additional robots when the capacity is reached is something that we can certainly continue to do.

And we had 1688 on display at the SAGES conference and received terrific surgeon feedback. The overlay of fluorescence imaging is really incredible. It's just a beautiful picture. We also improved the backlighting so that lends itself to better performance in ENT and sports medicine procedures as well as having a 4k picture as well as light source. So a lot of improvements in the 1688, we expect this to be a winner of a product launch. Just as you saw the 1588. We had terrific growth, as Katherine mentioned. It picks up in the second year, but I would expect a strong second half of the year for Endoscopy and frankly we're very pleased with the first quarter given 1588 was towards the end of it cycle. We had really strong performance in sports, strong performance in communications, and strong performance with NOVADAQ. So we have a really great leadership team at Stryker Endoscopy, and I expect continued strong performance there.

Yes, it's a good market and we have been a very small player, some 10% market share player in Shoulder. I've been playing catch up on our product portfolio. We have a total shoulder. We have reverse shoulder. We have a fracture system, and we're launching the short stem really right now in the second quarter on a limited basis to have a bit more of an impact later. We still don't have a stemless shouldered that's in our pipeline. So we've been progressively adding to our portfolio. Our Shoulder is growing well but from admittedly a smaller base. But we do like the Shoulder market, and we are now have -- now we now have a competitive product offering to start to gain business. And we're pleased with the performance so far. We're excited about the short stem launch, and we'll see again more of that result in the second half than you'll see in the first half.

Yes, we mentioned this before that the trends towards outpatient will continue. I don't think there's any question about that over time. But until Medicare provides coverage in the outpatient setting, you're not going to see a big spike. They're covering it now in the hospital outpatient, but that's not the same thing as a surgery center. 
And so we haven't seen any signs of that happening, at least not in the near term. But once that happens, and I think that will be extra catalyst to drive a lot more volume. Right now there's a lot of talk about shifting of site of care that the actual numbers are not that great at the current time. Clearly we're present in the surgery center with our sports medicine business, and we expect the procedures will continue to graduate towards the surgery center. But I think the timing is really uncertain and for me the inflection point will be when we get Medicare coverage.

And what I would say is that every business of Stryker is on the hunt for new acquisitions. I think right now we're focused on integration, but at some point, I would think that Spine business will come forward some types of acquisitions to bolster their portfolio. As you saw with ENT, we did Entellus. And then within 1 year of doing Entellus, we've done Arrinex. The once we get into the space, we're not going to do 1 deal and then stop. I can't expect that we'll do a Spine deal in the next 6 months. We're going to be very busy with integration. But beyond that if there is product -- holes in the portfolio that we like to fill in, every business of Stryker constantly will be looking at rounding up their portfolio either internally developed or by acquisitions.

Yes, they had some sluggishness with our capital equipment and to us that's just timing. We have very good businesses there that have been performing very well over a number of years. I expect that this -- those businesses will pick back up for the remainder of the year, really capital-timing related. The ortho businesses were fine.

It's more Stryker-related just given how small we are. We're far, far, far from the market leaders in China and so whatever progress we make we can make this kind of progress irrespective any kind of stimulus efforts just trying to gain our fair share of the business.

Yes, we're really excited for the future about China and Japan. Those are going to be 2 very good markets. Today, we only have approval for the hip in those markets. We need to get the knee approvals, which are pending right now. And then those will really take off as big, big markets. We built a training center in Hong Kong in the fourth quarter of last year, which we'll be using to train surgeons in those 2 markets. Those are really, I'll call them lagging markets. And even in India, we sold our first Mako recently in India. That could be a good market as well. But the bigger -- the big markets that are really untapped so far are China and Japan, and it's really been because of regulatory. It has just taken us longer to get Mako approved in those markets, but those will be great markets for the long term.

Thank you for joining our call. As you can see, our momentum continues, and we look forward to sharing our Q2 results with you in July. Thank you.