Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. 
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2019 fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.02 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.12 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 59.7%, a 1.9 percentage point improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. This represents a fourth quarter record and the third straight quarter with an operating ratio that starts with a 59. That's a remarkable achievement given the volume challenges we experienced in 2019. 
Before we go any further, I want to recognize all of our employees for their remarkable service and productivity achievements in 2019. The women and men of Union Pacific are transforming our railroad. Step-change increases in car velocity and trip plan compliance while using 1/3 fewer cars and locomotives takes ingenuity, initiative and teamwork. And the team, through the implementation of Unified Plan 2020, is changing our network in fundamental ways to be safer, more reliable and more efficient. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide more details on our results.

Thank you, Jennifer. As discussed today, we leveraged strong productivity to deliver solid fourth quarter and full year financial results. Unified Plan 2020 continues to serve as a catalyst for improved productivity and a better service product. Looking ahead to 2020, we are committed to operating a safe railroad in providing highly consistent, reliable and efficient service for our customers while focusing on opportunities to grow the business and improve margins. Our strong operating performance in 2019 gives us confidence that, as we attract business to our network, we'll leverage it very efficiently, generating strong free cash flow and improved financial results. That is going to position us to continue investing in our network and returning excess cash to our shareholders. 
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Kenny, why don't you take the volume question, and I'll circle back on the OR question.

And Scott, regarding your question on the volume, the top side and the impact on OR, the way we've wired up the plan right now and what we've shared with everybody this morning, we do expect to see some volume growth. Now take that exactly as intended, which is it can be very small, but we do expect it to be a plus sign, not a minus sign. And as you point out, the first part of the year is challenged. It's still got headwinds against tough comps on international intermodal and of course, a loose truck market and natural gas pricing against coal. But when you take it all into account, you take some of the impacts that we expect to see from the recent trade deals and tightening of the truck market, we anticipate the second half looks better. 
All put together, it wires up for us to something like a 59% operating ratio, and that's what we're pursuing right now. Of course, there's a lot of moving parts, and it's early in the year, so we'll just continue to manage as we see the markets evolve.

Yes. Brian, this is Lance. So the Phase 1 trade deal essentially takes China as a headwind and sets it up to be a potential tailwind, very high level. They're committing to over doubling their purchases of U.S. goods with a concentration in ag and some other areas that, if it comes true or if even a large portion or even half of it comes true, it's a really nice tailwind for us going into the next couple or 3 years. So that there's -- it just basically turns a headwind into a tailwind.

Yes, it starts from scratch.

Ken, this is Lance. And I'll start by just making sure we lay a crystal clear expectation of ourselves in 2020. And that is, we expect, as part of the $500 million in productivity, to have both carryover productivity, which is some of the headcount question that you're asking about as well as incremental productivity. If our volume is flat this year, we're going to have incremental employee productivity. If our volume grows, we will not add back resources at the same pace that we will grow. 
Now we're expecting growth to be pretty minor, I think, is probably the right word. And it's largely second half. So we're building kind of a cautious plan that gives us flexibility, depending on what actually occurs as the year progresses. So I just want to be crystal clear about that. 
There's -- we're sharing with you what we're comfortable sharing at this point. But the expectation is continued productivity, some carryover, more realized through action, and we've got plenty of actions up against that.

Well, I'll start and say, Tom, that it's very early. We typically are confident in the guidance we give at the first part of the years, and we build our plan appropriately. And then what you've seen from us over years is we react as the year is progressing, as things change. And universally, we know how to get productivity, and we're demonstrating we know how to generate an excellent service product. 
One of the things we've got to demonstrate this year is growing with that service product. Part of Kenny and the commercial team, they're going to have to learn what the network is capable of and how to sell those products and get customers signed up for them.

Yes, and those impacts, Jordan, that's on basically China getting out of purchasing U.S. soybeans and going down to Brazil. DDGs, which have been on again, off again, were off for a fair period of time. And it impacted even a little bit of corn, a little bit of wheat. So the impact on export grain and grain products was pretty broad.

Yes, Jordan, this is Lance. I don't think we've put a fine point on exactly what volume's going to look like next year, but let's walk you through what needs to happen to have volume growth occur. In intermodal, we need international intermodal to get back to normal, where U.S. consumers feel healthy and they're consuming, and it's coming in off West Coast ports. That's important to us. 
Domestic intermodal, we need both consumers to feel good. We need the truck market to tighten up a bit. So the competitive mode isn't quite as price aggressive and loose as they are right now. We need the trade deal to have a real impact on agricultural exports and imports. We need manufacturers in the industrial economy in the U.S. to gain a little bit more confidence and get their feet back under them in terms of capital investment and risk taking, and then we need a continuation of what's going on in the petrochem industry from the standpoint of good feedstocks to make U.S. the cost -- low-cost competitor for plastics manufacturing and finding markets for that plastic. So there's a lot of moving parts there. It's not one thing. And of course, those moving parts will change over the course of the year.

Yes, Chris, great question, and thank you. So the way I think about it is, if I could just invent the year that I would love to have in 2020, it would a stronger upside. It would be a great mix. If I could magically make it happen, I'd like to see frac sand come back stronger. I'd like to see natural gas to go to $3.50 or $4 and take some of the pressure off coal. And I'd really like to -- Kenny hears this every day, but I'd really like to see and experience the commercial team just relentlessly selling the new service product and getting a lot of traction quickly on convincing our customers that it's got staying power and what it means to their supply chains and being built deeply into their supply chains. That would tee up a pretty sweet year. From the productivity side of the world, I have all the confidence in the world that our operating team, Jim, Tom, they're going after it as hard and strong as they can. And it would be a blessing to have more top line to work with.

Jennifer?

Yes, Walter, the question of when 55% happens has a fair amount of moving parts, which is why, at this point, we haven't put a stake in the ground and say we think it's, at this date, certain. We continue to work to try to understand that ourselves and build a model and scenarios that we believe in, that get the path there. But stepping back and just thinking broadly about it, things that help would be favorable mix, more volume growth. I have a lot of confidence -- all the confidence in the world in our ability to generate productivity and a great service product regardless of what the environment looks like and then making sure we have a pricing environment, right? We constantly talk about those 3 levers to pull, and there's a lot of moving parts on those 3 levers being volume, price and productivity. Certainly, productivity's going to get tougher and tougher as we get closer and closer to that 55%. And we're making a hell of a step. We made a hell of a step in 2019, and we're signing up for another good, strong step in 2020. And I think, over time, it'll become a little but more clear to us.

Walter, we're closer to that time than we were this time last year. And you and the rest of our investors and analysts will be the first to know when we're ready to put a stake in the ground.

Well, clearly, we are a significant fixed-cost business. And what we've demonstrated in long-term variable costs, there are different pieces that have different lives in terms of being able to adjust up or down. So in an environment that you just mapped out, which is the one we've lived the last 5 years, if volume's going down, and it's going down in a dramatic fashion, it is hard to keep up. That's, I think, one of the reasons that we're praising our employee base and the team so much on this call is that they've done a hell of a job in a pretty difficult volume environment eking out productivity even in the fourth quarter being a great example. You got volumes down double-digit percent, and yet, we generated, what, a couple hundred million dollars in productivity in the quarter.

Kenny?

Yes. So being clear, that contract loss was lapped at the end of last year.

So this, we are now fresh ground.

No, we're not going to size that up. What we've -- expect out of coal this year is it's starting out pretty challenging. If natural gas stays at the $2, $2.25 level, it's going to be a tough year.

Yes. So I'll start. And let's break growth into 2 pieces. One is, what are the markets like? What's the ground and the environment in which you're competing? And for us, as we look into this year, we think, broadly speaking, the markets start getting a little better, right? Significant tailwinds like in trade, like a soft truck market, like the pull-ahead to try to avoid tariffs in international and modal. Those things start abating and lapping. And so that should create a better environment for us to compete in. 
Second part of that question is controlling our own destiny. And from that perspective, our commercial team historically has had an excellent relationship with their customer base. It's indicative of how we've implemented Unified Plan 2020, right? At the very beginning, we said, our goal isn't to break a lot of glass and alienate our customer base so that we have to come back around and go on a charm offensive. Our intent was we're going to take our customers along for the ride and keep them well informed and help them see how the changes that we're asking them to go through as well as we're taking ourselves through create a much better and much more reliable service product. 
That has occurred. That's in the process of occurring. And now our commercial team's taking that and turning it into new business like the business Kenny mentioned up in Northeast Iowa, where we've got an intermodal service product up the West Coast that, 2 years ago, would have never happened. And now it's generating very attractive volumes. The same is true in the agricultural markets. The same is going to be true across our book.

Let me step into that, Allison. So we've always been targeted in our capital. And by that, I mean, the very first thing we layer in is, what's it take to keep the doors open that's replacement capital? And for us, this year, on the track side, it's $1.85 billion-ish, and there's a little bit more when you look over into the equipment side. And then from that point, we've got to take care of mandates like PTC, and then we look for opportunity to invest where either there's targeted capital for growth or targeted capital for a service product enhancement, which ultimately is growth or productivity. And so everything that's in the capital plan is built like that. It gets our first call on our cash, and we are very comfortable that the level we're spending right now is an appropriate level, sub-15% of our revenue, and I don't really see that changing as we look forward.

Well, you know what? It's always difficult to make big change, but I don't see any of them. We've got a line of sight of what we need to do. I think we are going to deliver on those -- all those items that I listed off earlier on in the call. And I don't see anything impacting us where we are not going to be able to deliver. It's -- we see line of sight. We know what we have to do. We've got the right people that can make sure we deliver it. And I'm looking forward to just -- and we're doing it in a nice, smart, measured way so that we don't impact our service. So I don't see anything really holding us up.

Just to add on safety because I think it's really important that we talk about it for a minute, and I appreciate the question. So key foundation for a railroad in the industry and what we do every day is safety. We are not happy with the -- with where we are overall. Our goal is just to be the most -- the best, most efficient railroad in North America, and that includes in safety. So we've got lots of positives that we see on one side of it, but on the other side of how we handle and measure safety, we need to get better. And we're working hard. We've seen the trend line get better at the end of the year, and I would expect us to continue that this year. Our goal is just to be the best railroad in North America, and that includes the best in safety. So that's what we're working towards.

Yes. So with the past USMCA, it does take a little bit of a headwind and turn it into a tailwind. It was mostly about uncertainty in risk-taking and where investment was occurring. So I would anticipate that'll have kind of a long-term, slow positive impact on our overall volumes.

Well, 2 things, and Jennifer could jump in anytime. I think if we could find a buyer for some of the locomotives that we have excess, we were able to dispose of some, we would do that. And as far as a surge fleet, Cherilyn, it all comes down to we've got a number of locomotives in normal status, so we could just go turn the switch, fuel them up and start running them. So if we needed to put them back in service, it would be a pretty easy task. And we're talking in the hundreds of that number. That's the surge. It's sitting there ready to go.

I think we're going to see the extension of the Sunset with the CapEx that we're putting in on the sidings. That will help, but we also see -- to be able to deliver bigger trains with the volume decrease, the team did a great job. So if we see a -- volume will help us if we have a slight uptick in volume. But on top of that, I see benefit across the whole network. We're just starting down here -- down on the train length in every one of the corridors. So there's a little bit in all of them. A major piece will be the -- through the capital investment, Cherilyn.

Yes, that's a great question, Bascome. We are talking about when's the next good opportunity for us to, in a concentrated way, tell the story of what to expect. And so stay tuned. We will -- when that story's fully baked and needs to be shared, we will share it. And it wouldn't surprise me if it's later this year.

All right. Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions and for being with us on our call this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in April as we discuss our first quarter 2020 results. Thanks.