Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, our Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer.
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting record 2019 second quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.22 a share. This represents an increase of 4% of net income and 12% in earnings per share compared to 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at an all-time best mark of 59.6%, a 3.4 percentage point improvement compared to the second quarter of 2018. 
This is the first time Union Pacific has ever recorded a sub-60% operating ratio for a full quarter. 
And while that's a remarkable achievement, it's magnified when you consider the challenges we faced from significant flooding that adversely impacted volumes and added incremental operating costs during the quarter. That's a testament to the tireless dedication of the men and women of Union Pacific. Working with our customers and the communities that we serve, the team safely restored our rail operations while continuing to drive productivity through our G55 + 0 and Unified Plan 2020 efforts.
As a result, our operations have returned to normal, enabling us to focus on providing a safe, reliable and efficient service product for our customers. The Unified Plan 2020 transformation at Union Pacific is full steam ahead, and I continue to be encouraged by the great opportunities we see for our customers and for our shareholders. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide some details on our results.

Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered record second quarter financial results driven by exceptional operating performance. For the remainder of 2019, we look forward to building on the momentum from Unified Plan 2020 and providing a consistent, reliable service product for our customers. As always, we're committed to operating a safe railroad for both our employees and the communities we serve, and we remain focused on driving increased shareholder returns by appropriately investing capital on the railroad and returning excess cash to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases.
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Rob, do you want to take that?

Justin, we haven't yet put together our game plan for 2020, but you're right, we're holding firm on our guidance for overall OR. And I'll let Rob speak to the details of that.

Scott, I'll address your mix question. You know we don't guide the mix because it's very hard to figure out as we just demonstrated Q1 to Q2, and there's mix within mix, as Rob says all the time. So bottom line is when you look backwards, what happened between Q1 and Q2 was about a large drop in intermodal that aided mix. And as you look forward, we'll just have to see what the markets present to us.

Yes. Chris, you've got it just right. When volumes get softer, we know how to adjust our resources to match what volume represents. But I would have to say the lion's share of what you saw was about Unified Plan 2020 and productivity. And you can see that kind of across the board. We had to adjust the amount of resources we put at locomotives as we parked about 1/4 of the locomotive fleet, if not more. And you can see that directly related to the head count, the manpower that we have attached to maintaining locomotives.
The same is true on maintaining cars. The same is true on the TE&Y workforce. We've taken a lot of work out of the network, and it's being reflected now on our manpower. And we've got -- there are more of those adjustments to be made as the network continues to stabilize and as we continue to find opportunity.

Brian, this is Lance. I'll let Kenny or Rob speak to more of the detail. But you know and you mentioned we calculate our price on a holistic basis, that is the absolute dollars yielded during the period divided by all revenue. So in the second quarter, 2.75%, that's pretty solid performance in a relatively soft truck market, and there is an impact in terms of what moves as to what gets counted as yield, right? I mean you could take a price action last year on a book of business, and if it doesn't move this year, you get no credit for it. That's how we calculate our price. So there's a price/volume impact in there that is very hard to tease out.

Brian, one last -- this is Lance. One last thing to note and that is, thinking about this market holistically long term, we've talked about this, that coal has been challenged in kind of a secular decline. You see that in coal unit closures. You see it in investment, in alternative sources of energy. And we'll -- we've got a game plan for that in the long term at -- and over time, we also care deeply about making sure that there are good, healthy, capitalized coal producers to serve the market. They exist today and I know they're working hard to make sure that their future is solid, and we just support them as they do that.

Rob, would you take that for us?

Allison, thanks for the question. Yes. If you look at the first half, I would say our growth is moderately better than our primary competitors. That can come from a lot of different angles. It could have to do with how their network is operating versus ours. I would say one touch point for sure is our franchise is different. And we think better, we think it's the best franchise in the industry. What we would anticipate and expect as we look forward is Unified Plan 2020 creates a more consistent, reliable service product for our customers. We're a more efficient service provider. That should set us up to win in the marketplace and to have our customers win in their marketplace. And I anticipate, regardless of the economy that we face, that gives us the best opportunity in that economy to win and grow. I don't -- I'm not sure exactly what that looks like. I'm not sure what that looks like in comparison to BN or anyone else, but that's what we're trying to achieve.

Yes. So Jordan, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Kenny and Jim to fill in more detail. So I think what you're referring to is really 2 different things that are occurring in Chicago: one, Jim mentioned earlier, and that is consolidating and specializing our intermodal ramps. So G3 focused on international intermodal, G2 focused on domestic intermodal and Yard Center focused on some specialty niches. That work is under way. G4 is -- or excuse me, I'm sorry, G4 focused on international. G3 has already been consolidated or is in the process into G4. G2 is in the process of being invested and also growing. So that's kind of an operational focus, and that's a clear benefit to our customers. It simplifies the drayage equation and it provides a more consistent, reliable service product.
Second thing that's happened in Chicago is we've rationalized service lanes in interchange with our interchange partners, both CSX and the NS at a high level, and that's providing a more effective service product that's an interline service product. So the interchange happens more reliably, quicker. And you don't dwell boxes around ramps as long as you used to.
So I'll let Kenny and Jim talk to how that impacts our customer base, what it looks like going forward.

Yes. I'll start with that. The short answer, Ravi, is we've always anticipated that labor would be a fairly large portion of our productivity savings for the year, which we've highlighted as plus $500 million net. So that's always been part of the expectation. If we do less work, we size the workforce for that less work.

Kenny, can you take that?

Bascome, so the moving parts on that service product, it's a mixed bag in the second quarter. Freight car velocity is a direct impact on customer experience, right? They're getting their cars more frequently from origin. Embedded in that is terminal dwell. That's a direct impact. First, [ OS ] launching on time has a direct impact. That car trip plan compliance, that's a very specific, holistic number that says from the time the car was tendered to us that we do exactly that plan that day. And things like flooding made us use alternative routes and switch in different places. So once we get a network that's smooth and steady and normal, we see the kind of thing that Jim is talking about, which is a pretty quick snap back. It's a lagging indicator, but it is an indicator. And we expect that to go like the other service indicators are going. It just might take a little longer.

All right. Thanks, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. To wrap it up, I want to again acknowledge the tenacity and the determination of Union Pacific's workforce. Hats off to them for producing great financial results in a pretty challenging quarter. And with that, we look forward to talking to you again in October.