Thank you, Rob, and good morning, and welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.  
As we wrap up 2021, I want to start with a thank you to the Union Pacific team. This past year has been anything but easy as we dealt with massive weather events, wildfires, supply chain congestion and continued impacts from the pandemic. Through all of those challenges, our employees did the hard work necessary to deliver a record financial year. I am so grateful for our team's strength and their determination. They give me confidence that our best days truly lie ahead.  
Turning to our fourth quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2021 fourth quarter net income of $1.7 billion or $2.66 per share. This compares to adjusted fourth quarter 2020 results of $1.6 billion or $2.36 per share. You'll note that 2020 reported results included an impairment charge related to our Brazos Yard investment. Our fourth quarter operating ratio of 57.4% deteriorated 180 basis points versus 2020's adjusted OR, largely driven by the headwind from fuel prices. 
For the full year, we achieved a record 57.2% operating ratio, an improvement of 130 basis points versus 2020 adjusted results. And as Jennifer will lay out in a few minutes, we're on track to achieve a full year operating ratio that starts with a 55% in 2022. Even with the challenges of the past year, we set fourth quarter and full year records for operating income and net income.  
A comparison to 2019 further demonstrates the achievements of the team over the past 2 years. As you'll hear in greater detail from Eric, our fourth quarter safety and service performance did not meet expectations. I am pleased, however, that as we exit the year, our network is healing. Reflecting back, 2021 was a difficult year in many ways. But through our commitment to PSR and delivering for our customers, we navigated each obstacle and are now better for having dealt with them. 
During 2021, we took significant steps to advance our ESG efforts capped off by the release of our initial Climate Action Plan in December. This plan lays out a framework to achieve our 2030 greenhouse gas emission reduction targets and includes a commitment to net zero by 2050, and we are the only U.S. railroad to do so.  
One element of our plan is reduce overall fuel consumption, and we made continued progress last year. Our full year fuel consumption rate improved 1% for a new record low. This represents the third consecutive year we improved our fuel consumption rate on a year-over-year basis, and it helped our customers eliminate 22.9 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions by using rail versus truck. 
So let's get started with Kenny for an update on the business environment.

Thank you, Jennifer, Wrapping up on Slide 24 with a look at our drivers for success in 2022. As you heard from Eric, it's imperative that we make progress on safety. While there are positive signs in the underlying metrics, the overall results need to improve. Safety is at the center of everything we do at Union Pacific as we strive toward our goal of world-class performance.  
Overall, the network is improving but with work to be done. We have work streams aimed at keeping a healthy pipeline of crews in place, and we're in the marketplace hiring for growth. In addition, we have numerous initiatives to improve the quality of our service. Our long-term growth opportunities are dependent on a reliable service product.  
As you heard from Kenny, our growth outlook for 2022 is terrific. The growth mentality we're instilling on the entire team is manifesting itself in new customer wins while we continue to build stronger books with our long-term partners. We have an opportunity to offer an enhanced customer experience and new transportation solutions for our customers while helping them achieve their sustainability goals.  
2021 represented another milestone in our company's history and 2022 is poised to be even better. We'll be celebrating our 160th anniversary with what we expect to be our best financial year ever and take further steps on our ESG journey. We have great momentum as we strive for operational excellence, grow with our customers and as we win together with all of our stakeholders. So with that, let's open up the line for you questions.

Yes, Jason, this is Lance. We built the 2022 plan now on perfection, right? So we've kind of built into the plan an expectation that, for instance, in the international intermodal supply chain, there's slow but steady recovery. Some of the markers that we're looking at that need to recover to be back to normal and fluid still involve street time for things like chassis and boxes. Our intermodal ramps are fluid right now, they're in great shape. We need to see our international intermodal customers go back to more IPI business that is allowing the international box to go inland and then turn back around preferably within export. I'll turn it over to Kenny and Eric for a little more detail.

A clarification there, Kenny. When you said we're 10% or 15% in, you're talking about the total number of bids that are going to be occurring.

Right.

Yes, Kenny. What I'm really excited about 2022 and beyond isn't the onetime conversion of business from somebody else to us, it's the fact that those businesses are very well run and our existing long-term partner is exceptionally well run in Hub and their growth engines in and of themselves for years to come. That's what really turns me on.

Yes. Let me start on the security side and then, Kenny, we'll turn it back over to you. So there's been a lot of coverage about some thefts that are occurring in the L.A. Basin specifically. That is a -- I'll call that a relatively unique situation where something that used to be a nuisance, call it, 2 years ago, members in a neighborhood would see a train not moving and might take advantage of trying to pop open a box and see what's inside. 
Today that's more organized and we have our arms around it. We've increased our own police presence. We're working with the LAPD in that area. We're working with the state who's also getting involved. We're actively working to get the district attorney in the area spooled up and interested in prosecuting the cases. So I think at this point, we've got our arms around it. We've cleaned up the area, and we're going to be enhancing security in the area. 
To your point, we're going to put physical security barriers in place. It's unfortunate because they won't be necessarily pretty but it will protect our property. And more importantly, it will protect our employees. That's probably the biggest concern I've had throughout this whole time frame. We hate impacting our customers, we really can't stomach putting our employees at risk.

Kenny, that first question was about port to port.

You've got good match-back programs too, that take some of the expense of moving an empty container back west and turn it into a revenue stream.

Bottom line, it support, fundamentally supports the guidance we gave at the Investor Day in May, which is something like 3% growth for -- averaging for the next 3 years, above industrial production. So you're well positioned to be able to deliver that.

Do you want to handle that?

Yes. And Ravi, as regards to our conversation with the STB, notwithstanding whatever perception is held at a federal level regarding our participation in the current supply chain congestion, factually, we are open and ready for business. We talked openly on this call about some of the operating challenges we faced in the fourth quarter. Exiting the year, we're on better footing and that you will see that better footing demonstrated in our public numbers. You've already seen some of that at the very beginning of the year, and that continues to improve. 
In terms of the regulatory environment, we are actively engaged with the STB. The workload from our perspective is probably in this order. There's the CP-KCS transaction that we need to be engaged on. We've got a fundamental concern there to make sure that our customers continue to enjoy direct unfettered access to the commercial markets in Mexico and that the industrial base in Mexico enjoys the access that we provide to the United States market. We enjoy about 2/3 to 70% of that cross-border traffic today. And in the context of this transaction, we want to make sure our customers continue to have that competitive option available to them.
Probably the second biggest item on our horizon at the STB is forced access or open access. There is a hearing on that coming up in March. We continue to work with the STB to help them understand our perspective of the dynamics of the rail industry and how to look at that possible regulation from a perspective that allows us to continue to serve our customers exceptionally well and continue to invest in our railroad, so that, that service lasts for years to come.
And then finally, there's been work on final offer rate review at the STB. We've offered up with pure railroads an alternative to that and an alternative dispute resolution mechanism. Looks like it's nice simplification for small rate cases, small shipper rate cases, and it satisfies some of what we consider the big legal heir on the STB's proposal to have somebody else take on the role of rate mediation. 
Other than that, our job at the STB is to provide an excellent reliable service product and stay engaged so that they understand the industry from our perspective. If we do those 2 things, I think we can navigate the dock that's in front of us in the coming year.

Kenny, do you want to -- you're probably good to handle maybe even both of those.

Yes, Eric, that looks better, but there's clearly still some work to be done there, right?

That's true.

And let me chime in on that first question or on the second question, the bottoms up versus tops down. Kenny, you have unique relationships with the commercial side of a lot of -- in the buying side of a lot of our customers. 
At the CEO level, I'll tell you what my counterparts tend to be focused on is consumers are flush. Balance sheets for consumers are good and they're financially healthy. So as long as their confidence isn't rattled, they seem to be postured to continue to purchase through the year. And the industrial economy, a lot of my industrial peers feel pretty confident that their marketplaces look pretty good to them, whether you're in the housing market, you're in the construction market, you're in some other aspects of our industrial economy. So at the very highest level, Kenny, that's what I hear.

Well, and Eric, you mentioned some self-help on crew availability. Your strong move on reducing the recrew rate by 1/3 or more, that, in essence, frees up some amount of our crew boards. And you're just generally more productive now with unproductive crew starts like held away from home terminal.

We should talk about that, Justin. It's pretty much invisible to the outside world, but our -- over 3/4 of our workforce is fully vaccinated. And that's because we started early on complying with the federal vaccine mandate. Now we paused because of the pause mandated by a court. But we think that our employee population because of that high vaccination rate lasted through Omicron a little better than the communities that we serve. We saw a spike in the number of our employees who had to quarantine presume positive or exposed but it was nothing like the spike we saw in the communities that we serve.

Yes, Jennifer, those trip plan compliance numbers are really about can we serve customers in a manner that's consistent with our commitment. So that's about over the period of time, that needs to be reliable so that we can continue to secure business and have happy customers. But in terms of hitting a high margin or a margin target, that's about car velocity, terminal dwell, locomotive productivity and workforce productivity and train lengths had grown there as well.

Walter, we are highly confident we have a plan in place and an existing network to be able to absorb the growth that we've been talking about this morning and not be gridlocked, a couple of cases in point. One, we've just onboarded Knight-Swift over the course of the last 5 weeks, call it, 4 weeks, 6 weeks, and it's been flawless. That was on the strength of a lot of coordination and planning between ourselves and that customer in order to make sure their drivers were well prepared, that our ramps were efficient for their drivers, that we had good signage and our UPGo app, to make it virtually seamless to get on and off. So I know we're going to be able to plan and execute in the same way for future onboarding.
The other thing to note is we've upticked our capital a bit. There are some areas that we need to invest in. There's that $600 million or so of commercial facilities and capacity. Historically, a lot of that spend would be targeted on productivity enhancement. As we look into this year, a fair amount of that spend is being targeted towards enabling growth. And so we've got a game plan. We've got the capital to be able to do it. We're well in advance of needing to put the capital in the ground, and so it's happening.

Walter, we are interested in the parallel systems technology. We are familiar with it and it is of interest. It's of keen interest. Candidly, there are a lot -- there's a lot of hurdles in front of that technology for deployment. 
Having said that, it could potentially be a game changer if it proves out to be effective and workable. So I'd say keep your eye on it, and we're keeping our eye on it. And I don't think it's going to impact '22 or '23 or '24. But at some point, it could be a technology that has utility for the U.S. rail network.

Kenny, your team is won that one.

Great question, Ben. We don't factor fuel cost into that because of our fuel surcharge programs. And yes, there's a lag, but we don't include fuel when we're talking about our core inflation.

Yes, Brandon, this is Lance. I'm going to start because I've been crystal clear on this point with other audiences when I'm out talking. If you look at our historic record here over the past handful of years through our transformation, we've improved our operating metrics when volume went down, particularly last year, and we improved them last year when volumes snapped back, right? So there's no reason to -- for us to think empirically on Union Pacific, volume is going to tank our ability to run the railroad.
Now having said that, what hurt us in crew availability primarily in the second half of the year, was, I think, we did not adequately address in our planning the reality of COVID and a third and a fourth wave. Our planning profile said COVID is going to be around, but we're going to get used to it. It's going to have a diminishing impact, and we've got the resources necessary in that environment. What we did not plan for was a vaccine mandate, where we'd have to give people time off to get vaccinated and waves where we had hundreds of UP employees unavailable to us on any given day because of quarantine.
And I look at that, and I think shame on us. That's a risk factor that we did not adequately plan for. And when I look into the future, we're going to just be a whole lot more relentless about -- and deliberate about the assumptions that we're building into our plans. Having said that, we're on the backside of getting that remedied in part through being relentless on how we utilize crews that are available to us and on the front side in making sure that we've got our boards staffed in a way that supports our crew consumption. 
And at some point in the future, COVID is going to go away or it's going to be much less impactful. And I think at that point, that's going to be a wonderful day. But until then, we have to plan for it as a contingency, and that's what we've got built in. And I think we're going to be demonstrating that to you early on in this year. I see it in the statistics, and you will see it in the operating statistics as well.

Yes. Yes. I think where you're going with that, David, is there's nothing about in-market demand that we're building into the plan that says there's a collapse of the American consumer buying imports.

Yes, Jairam. This is Lance. Maybe we're just not doing an adequate job of talking about it, but our new CIO and Rahul Jalali. He is an exceptionally talented tech executive. And what he's got us doing is amplifying our internal development by speeding it up through minimally viable product, by being product- and platform-centric and by deep and clear partnership with his internal customers so that we can tease out more rapidly and more fulsomely what's the next step in our tech investment and how quickly can we bring it to market. There are so many examples of that. We've talked a bit about some this morning, the UPGo app for drivers on our ramps, intermodal vision, the mobile apps for our crew base, UP Vision, I mean, just on and on and on. 
The second way that's happening is through becoming much more open and embracing of external tech expertise. Whether that's partnering up with Google, whether that's partnering up with somebody like TuSimple, there's any number of ways that we're exercising those kinds of partnerships so that we can learn from and absorb their expertise into our business. Tech is touching every aspect of our business right now in an accelerated and accelerating manner. And we're really, really excited about that.

Let me start, Jennifer, with the mantra that you and I talk about all the time. Our ability to generate attractive margins is built on a 3-legged stool. We look for volume growth, which we get to leverage. We look for productivity, which we can leverage through volume growth and we can find in other ways, and we got to have pricing that supports it as well. In 2022, we're going to see benefit from all 3.

That's a great question, Jeff. And it's one that we scenario plan out for ourselves periodically as we go through our planning cycles within the year. First thing I would note is we worked really hard to reduce the amount of time it takes to get [ everybody ] off the street and to be qualified as a conductor. I think we've got that knocked down to something like 14 weeks. And so that's a substantial move in the right direction.
Item number 2 is if we see volume overwhelming our ability to satisfy it, we've always got price as a lever that we can use that discourages some amount of that volume and helps it find a different home. And then we've got a lot of levers that we pull when it comes to managing the inventory, which is really the mechanism that bogs down the network. It's not the fact that more volume wants to move through the network. It's if that volume doesn't move fluidly and it builds up inventory. And now we're using our capacity in a really unproductive way. We've got a ton of mechanisms that we've developed over the past 3 years to make sure that inventory, if it comes on us, it moves through. And if there's too much coming on us for any one individual customer, we work directly with that customer to get them back in the box.

Rob, thank you very much. You did a wonderful job for us today again, and thank you all for joining us today and for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in April when we discuss our first quarter results. Until then, I wish you all good health, please take care. Thank you.