Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer.
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting record 2019 first quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $1.93 per share. This represents an increase of 6% in net income and 15% in earnings per share compared to 2018.
Total volume decreased 2% in the quarter compared to last year. Quarterly operating ratio came in at 63.6%, a 1 point improvement compared to the first quarter of 2018. 
Severe winter weather and flooding across our network adversely impacted volumes and added incremental operating costs in the quarter. In spite of these headwinds, we still achieved year-over-year margin improvement as a result of our G55 and Zero and Unified Plan 2020 efforts.
I am extremely proud of the men and women of Union Pacific and applaud their heroic efforts to safely restore our rail network. Our ability to quickly recover operations after severing the east-west artery of our network is unprecedented. I also want to thank our customers for working with us during these historic weather challenges. With these incidents behind us, our operating performance is rapidly improving, enabling us to provide a safe, reliable and efficient service product for our customers.
We've largely completed our initial transportation plan changes associated with Unified Plan 2020 and well ahead of schedule. But these changes are really just a foundation for the great opportunities we see going forward like our terminal rationalization initiative that Jim will touch in later.
With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide more details on our results.

Thank you, Rob. 
As discussed today, we delivered record first quarter financial results driven by improved operating performance while dealing with significant weather challenges. Unified Plan 2020 created a more resilient and robust network, allowing us to quickly return to normal operations. For the remainder of 2019, we look to build on the momentum we had prior to the weather challenges and provide a consistent, reliable service product for our customers while at the same time improving our operating efficiency. We remain focused on increasing shareholder returns by appropriately investing capital into the railroad and returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes, let -- Brian, this is Lance. So we have not changed any of those goals that we had shown in the KPIs that we had up in the January analyst call. It's just at this point, it looks like there's upside and we're just going to move through to the upside.

Okay. Rob, you want to start?

And Allison, this is Lance. So Jim can add more technicolor. But as we've stopped humping in a place like Pine Bluff or Hinkle, we did not tear out the hump. And they do continue to switch cars. They flat switch cars right now that are meant to be there. We speak in terms of cars that are naturally meant to be in those yards. That's either because that's where they fit in the network for where they're trying to go or where they came from or they're literally local cars. So Jim, you got anything else in that?

Yes, I'll start, Allison. So Houston is a very complex terminal complex. It's got a number of different class 1s operating in a ton of industry with a lot of local service attached. So to your point, I mean, historically, it's been a -- it's one of the more difficult areas of the railroad to operate reliably and efficiently. Having said that, implementing Unified Plan 2020 down there has shown it makes a difference. We're providing more frequent local service. We're touching cars less frequently. And as a result, we're becoming more reliable in our service product. We're a big footprint in the area, but we're not the only one, and we have to rely on smooth coordination with the other railroads in the area, which we work on every day and are getting a little bit better at every day. Jim?

Yes. Amit, so first things first, we're focused on executing our current goals, which is sub-61% this year, sub-60% next year. Of course, we're not going to stop and pause there. And we've, for quite some time, said we think we're capable of a 55%, and we think sometime after 2020, we are more confident than ever that we're capable of a 55%. So without using any one else as a yardstick, just looking at what we're capable of doing, we are very, very confident we're going to hit our near-term goals and then later, we'll talk about other goals.

Yes. Amit, let's get below 60% first and we'll talk about it.

I'll start on capacity and I think you've got it right at the tail end in part and that is we are unlocking terminal capacity predominantly through Unified Plan 2020 and the implementation of PSR.
Having said that, we've always talked about capital is put where we find constraints that keep us from executing the plan. And so there are some targeted capital areas remaining and there probably always will be where mix shift or volume shift or how we're running a railroad tells us we can get real benefit with a rightful shot of capital. I'll also mention at Brazos, so for a little while now we've been talking about the implementation of UP 2020 could very well either change the way we use Brazos or change its timing. And by unlocking capacity and touching cars fewer times around Brazos, we found that we have an opportunity to pause that capital, that we don't need to increment yet in the network. So Jim, do you want to talk about where capital might be spent?

And Tom, let's also be clear that Unified Plan 2020, when implemented, was perceived and that's one of the reasons we brought Jim on. It's perceived to be an evergreen process. So we -- getting Jim's perspective, his fresh eyes on that first round of implementation, we're going to find more and we'll continue to find more, year after year after year. So it's meant to be an evergreen process that continually gets fine tuned.

No, it's still significant.

Justin, no gains other than normal annual gains, which we talk about all the time. We always have our real estate team looking for opportunity to monetize assets we no longer need. That's a normal flow of business. There's nothing unusual that has been baked into our guidance for '19 and '20. And we'll just keep evaluating our property as it makes sense.

No. So Ravi, 2 things. One is we continue to view capital the same way we always have viewed capital, which is it's got to generate an attractive return. We'll put it where we need it. We plan capital from the bottom up but we still think we're going to be at or below -- I think, below is our guidance, 15% of revenue. Where that capital is going is shifting around as Unified Plan shifts traffic and puts emphasis on some areas of the network where maybe it hadn't been before. The second part of your question, which was can you grow when you're implementing a PSR railroad? And we think absolutely you can. We think the end game is a consistent reliable service. Our customers want that. As we demonstrate, we delivered that. We believe there's upside to the volume that is available to us. So we think growth is achievable.

Ravi, I'm not sure exactly what you're referencing there. I will say that we have coordinated with other railroads through these weather events and are still doing some of that with peer railroads. That's just part of the normal course of business when we face significant traffic disruption.

Rob, would you handle that for us, please?

Fadi, this is Lance. Yes, that process is still under way. So if you go back, the way we would describe the network prior to Unified Plan 2020 was really an accumulation of unique train service designs. Automotive network and a coal network and a grain network and an ethanol network and rock network and et cetera, et cetera.
As the first phase of Unified Plan 2020 happened, we consolidated a number of those unique services into manifest service so that a train was handling more than one type of commodity. There's still work to be done there. There's still plenty of opportunity to be done there. And at the same time, Fadi, there are still going to be parts of our network that are specialized, unique trains. For instance, the coal network makes all the sense in the world. In most cases, to remain in a unit shuttle train network, as do grain shuttles, as do some of our rock network. But we have just taken that too far, I think, in our previous design and we've unwound a good part of it and there's still more to be done.

Yes. And Cherilyn, in terms of what's feasible? You're exactly right, different routes on the network have different train length capability, but there's -- that's not a hard and fast rule, right? We've talked historically about -- it's about where can you meet and pass traffic? And that doesn't mean every train on that corridor has to be built to the length of the sidings. You can always dictate that some of the traffic exceed siding length and that means the pass for -- the opposing train has to take the siding. So there's a lot of moving parts there. We've got plenty of upside from where we are right now.

I don't know. We'd have to look at that.

Hey, Jim, would you also, when we answer that question, reflect on timing of implementing?

Thank you very much, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in July.