Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Beth Whited, Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, our Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. 
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2018 or $1.98 per share. That is an all-time quarterly record for Union Pacific, even without the benefit from corporate tax reform. This represents an increase of 29% and 37%, respectively, when compared to 2017. 
Total volume increased 4% in the quarter compared to 2017. Premium and industrial carloadings both increased 6%, while agricultural products and energy volumes were both down 1%. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 63.0%, which was up 1.1 points from the second quarter of 2017. Higher fuel prices had a 1.1 point negative impact on the operating ratio. Strong top line growth was offset by an increase in volume-related costs and higher spending due to lingering network inefficiencies. 
Network performance improved significantly for the first 2 months coming out of the first quarter. However, service interruptions from a tunnel outage on our Western region and challenges caused by localized train crew shortages created a significant headwind in the month of June. The tunnel disruption is now behind us, and operations should continue to improve as graduates from the training pipeline enter productive train service in the coming months. I'm confident that we have the right plans in place to drive improvement on our operation and a better service experience for our customers. 
The team will give you more of the details on the second quarter, starting with Beth.

Thank you, Rob. As we discussed today, we delivered record second quarter earnings per share, driven by strong volumes and solid top line revenue growth. While I'm disappointed we did not drop more of that revenue growth to the bottom line, I am encouraged by the strength of the economy and the positive impact on most of our business segments. Looking to the remainder of the year, we expect the strong business environment to continue while we regain our productivity momentum and improve the value proposition for all of our stakeholders. 
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Tom, this is Lance. I'll start, and then let Rob kind of put details around it. So you got that exactly right. What we said was, coming into the second quarter, we were making good progress on improving the service level, decreasing congestion and starting to move some of those costs out. We had that incident on the I-5 that was very impactful, particularly when it comes to a network that was already a little bit fragile. As we are exiting the second quarter coming into the third, we're getting our feet back under us. We see improvement. There's -- I don't see any reason, absent some other catastrophic event, that we don't get right back on the path and start making those same kinds of improvements. Rob?

Cam, do you want to handle PTC and a little bit about the crews?

Sure. So I'll start, Ken, and then let Beth talk specifically about our markets. So the concern is that tariffs are just going to basically be a tax, whether it's on U.S. consumption or U.S. products going overseas. And generally, that's going to retard -- that's going to reduce the amount of demand. We haven't necessarily seen that wholesale, and I'll ask Beth to kind of fill in the blanks in detail. But it's pretty early. Those things just went into effect. We have seen some very specific impacts on us. But they're pretty granular, right? Inbound on some rail that we buy from Japan. There was a substantial 25% tariff on the last boat that was received. And then we've seen some other discrete impacts on customers. But Beth, do you want to fill in the blanks?

Sure, Amit. Notwithstanding what any other railroad is doing, you can see our elevated sense of urgency and focus and determination when our headline quote for a quarter, where we just generated a record earnings per share and record income, is, and it could have been better. Because it could have been better. To your point, we called out $65 million in cost in the network that really shielded us from generating a much more attractive productivity. We've demonstrated we know how to do that. We had underlying productivity that was being generated in the quarter. And it's frustrating that we weren't able to drop more of that top line to the bottom line. So as we talked through and shared with you or the team at our Investor Day, we are laser-focused on getting the network right. We're learning from anyone that we can in terms of better ways to run the network, better ways to generate productivity and efficiency. We've got all of those projects teed up, lined up. It's hard to make them pay off in an environment where you're basically over-resourced and trying to get the service product back up. We are doing that. That will happen, and we will take those excess costs out, which is why we're so confident that we're able to hit that 60 operating ratio in 2020 because we see the underlying strength of the business. Top line is growing, price is attractive and we've got plenty of productivity opportunity. And we know how to get at it. We've just got to get rid of these excess costs in the network as we bring our service product back up.

Yes. Sure, Scott. I'll take that, and then I'll let Rob talk about what 2017 full year operating ratio we're using as a comparator. So -- and we discussed this last quarter and also at Investor Day. There are a number of things that we're already doing that we've learned from somebody else, whether it's the CSX or the CPCN. One of them is we've reduced our low horsepower fleet by 1/4 over the course of the last 3 years. That has been a fundamental underlying productivity driver even as in '15 and '16, our volumes dropped, what, 12% or 13%, we maintained operating ratio. So that's an example. We talked about the blend and balance pilot that we ran up in the Pacific Northwest that a fair portion of is still in place. We're right now in the process of continuing to blend and balance our network that is deconstruct specialized networks and reconstruct them as shared networks so that we can balance out our resource consumption, whether it's crews and locomotives. The thing that's frustrating, Scott, isn't that there is no activity on good ideas to generate more productivity, it's that we really value the service product to our customers. And first and foremost, we're going to give them an excellent service product. And we've got a very big, broad franchise, which is a strength of ours. We think, in the end, that's going to generate, if you will, winning in the marketplace. To do that, we've got to generate that excellent service product and experience. And we're not telling you that we need to add more crews over and above volume -- much different. We're saying we've got to get our crews right so that we can get that service product back. That is happening as we speak. And even so, in this quarter, volume was up 4%, and our crew base was up mostly in the training pipeline. In the active crew base, it was basically flat. So we see productivity as being able to happen. We think it is merely masked right now. And yes, there are other initiatives that we've got teed up that we can do and will do.

Sure. It's all in the training pipeline. I think you understand that the training pipeline lasts about 4 or 5 months. And it's designed to basically backfill attrition in the TE&Y workforce. So we supercharged the training pipeline. And then as they graduate, they're basically backfilling active employees who are retiring or trading out of the workforce. So our active workforce is basically flat to marginally up, and that's what we anticipate. We will not grow the active workforce faster than we're growing volume.

Cameron?

Sure. And you're exactly right, Ravi. We care about a number of measures to demonstrate whether or not we're running the business well over the long term. The highest order is generating growing operating income and growing cash from operations. That's the source of being able to reward our shareholders. So that's what we focus on, first and foremost. And we actually had a pretty damn good first half in that context. Now having said that, there's a couple of key measures that we care about. One is ROIC. And that is, are we efficiently using resources and being wise with investor capital? And the other is OR. And that is, are we efficiently dropping top line to the bottom line? At this point, it's appropriate to focus on OR and say, we're disappointed with our ability to efficiently drop top line to the bottom line. That doesn't mean we can't do it. It means we didn't demonstrate doing that in the second quarter. We have all the confidence in the world that we're able to do that, both over the long run and rectifying that here in the short term. Then the last thing I would talk about, Ravi, is we run the business for all 4 stakeholders, right? In the very long run, building long-term enterprise value, we have to generate returns for the shareholders, build their confidence. We have to generate excellent experience with our customers so that they want to keep doing business with us. We have to help our employees feel fulfilled and connected to the work. And our communities that we serve have to feel like we're a good partner so that our social license to operate with them is healthy and strong. And that -- you hit it just right, Ravi. We think about all of that when we're running the business.

Rob?

And Beth?

Yes. I think, Chris, when we talked about that in the first quarter, we said there was going to be a hangover effect even as we were anticipating improving service product in the network. And that's because we were putting those resources in through the first quarter. So there were more exiting the first quarter than entering the first quarter. And so they've just lingered longer than we anticipated.

Yes. Chris, the way to think about that is, so we were building in these incremental costs to bring the service product back up. We anticipated, as the service product was coming back up, which it was in the first 2 months of the quarter, that we had -- that we would be actively then taking those incremental resources out. The tunnel collapse forced us to keep them in and, basically, keep them in longer in order to kind of maintain a service product because it was a pretty impactful location. Recall that on our network, we've got big east-west movements on the Sunset route and in the Northern East-West corridor. And then the other 2 big routes for us are Chicago down to Mexico and the I-5, and it essentially shut down the I-5.

Yes. We need to correct that assumption or statement, which is we can never achieve pricing the same as any other competitive railroad. Our dynamic in pricing is just that it's dynamic, right? So the competitive forces change. They change over time. Sometimes, they change quickly. Right now, we love the environment that we're pricing into when it comes to truck competitive product. And there are some other markets that we're pricing into that are facing different pricing competitive dynamics. Those aren't set in stone. It's not like that's a law of nature. Those will and do shift. And I anticipate we're going to continue to price appropriately for the value that we represent and generating a really attractive return.

What I'm saying is exactly what I just said, which is we price for the value. We're pricing for an attractive return. We're pricing in a competitive dynamic. So -- and those move a lot, and it's generally a good market to be pricing in right now. The other thing I would say is think of -- remember exactly how we talk about price. We talk about yield and absolute yield dollars over total book of business. It's a nice, conservative, consistent way for us to measure ourselves in terms of yield that we're achieving, and we're pretty optimistic as we look into the second quarter. [indiscernible]

So I'll start by saying, we are actually better than the others, although the CSX just produced a very good second quarter. So I'm not sure I want to go backwards to join the rest of the pack. But having said that, there are some very specific cost elements that are in the way right now that we are actively getting out of the way. And I'll let Cameron speak to those and what we're doing about it.

Yes. So the $65 million that we called out is kind of excess recovery cost in the network this quarter. That's entire -- entirely over time and kind of inefficient use of crews, incremental cost of maintaining locomotives, as Cameron just outlined. A C rate that's both impacted by all the locomotive fleet as well as inefficient use for those locomotives. And then a handful of other nits and gnats, which is mostly kind of like car hire for excess inventory. All of that is addressable. And when we remove that, we have a much more attractive second quarter, and not only that, but that doesn't count the productivity initiatives that, that's retarding from accelerating even further. So we're very confident in the 60% by 2020.

That's really encouraging, Cherilyn, right? From the standpoint of -- it's not like peak is happening now, and then it's going to die off during normal peak. It feels like we've got strong volume entering what feels like it's going to be a normal peak, which is really attractive.

I don't think so, absent, let's say, product design changes that potentially goof up the network. So if the network stays as designed right now amongst all the participants that interchange in Chicago, Chicago's operating pretty well. Absent -- every once in a while, there's a little hiccup here or there. But I think in its current format with the benefits of the 12 years of CREATE that have been invested, Chicago should be okay. The one thing to keep your eye on is if anybody starts altering their plans around interchange for intermodal, that could have an impact.

Beth?

Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for joining us this morning and for your questions. We look forward to talking with you again after the end of the third quarter in October.