Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody. And welcome to the Union Pacific's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. I've also asked Jennifer Hamann, our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, to join us for the Q&A portion of the call. 
So before we get started today, I want to take a moment and thank Rob for his service and contributions to Union Pacific over his 40-year career, particularly the last 16 years as CFO. Rob has been a critical member of our senior team and was instrumental in driving Union Pacific's financial success. We wish him all of the best in his upcoming, well-deserved retirement, and thank you very much, Rob. 
And I also would like to welcome Jennifer to the CFO role. She and Rob are doing a great job working through the transition, and I'm confident that Jennifer is the right choice to lead our financial initiatives into the future. 
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2019 third quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.22 a share. This represents a 3% increase in earnings per share and a 2% decrease in net income compared to 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 59.5%, a 2.2 percentage point improvement compared to the third quarter of 2018. Once again, this represents an all-time record quarterly operating ratio, beating our previous low established last quarter. That's quite an achievement when you consider the fall-off in volume during the quarter. We are continuing to drive productivity through our G55 + 0 and Unified Plan 2020 efforts, which are also producing a safe, reliable and consistent service product for our customers. 
The work our employees are doing as part of Unified Plan 2020 is foundational to the company's success and there are additional improvement opportunities going forward for both our customers and our shareholders. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide more details on our results.

Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered solid third quarter financial results and we've made tremendous strides to improve our productivity and service product as part of Unified Plan 2020. For the remainder of 2019, we look forward to building on our successes and we provide a highly consistent and reliable service product for our customers. Although there are some unknowns looking ahead at the economy, confidence in our operational capabilities, as Rob just mentioned, has never been greater. 
As always, we're committed to operating a safe railroad for our employees and the communities that we serve and we have some work to do there. We remain squarely focused on driving long-term shareholder value by appropriately investing in the railroad and returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes. Chris, this is Lance. Without putting a really fine point on it, the short answer is largely, yes. Right, we have been a little disappointed in the top line versus what we were hoping to see when we came into the year. As a result, we've adjusted head count more aggressively to match that drop in volume. You see that happening in the third quarter as we had head count lower than volume, and I expect we will continue that. 
Jim, do you want to add a little technicolor in terms of some of the opportunity that you see in the operations.

Before I turn it over to Kenny, I just want to remind everybody, Rob said this, that we calculate yield in the most conservative way. And so when you get a 10% or an 8% drop in volume in the quarter, it has a real significant impact on our ability to generate yield. And Rob again had said very specifically that there was nothing specific in the quarter that drove yield sequentially to decline just a little bit. But with that, Kenny, do you want to talk about the pricing environment that you're in right now?

Rob, do you want to touch on mix?

Kenny?

Yes. One thing that I would add, Tom, is we are very happy with our service product and the trend that it's on. So it's currently a very good service product and it's showing itself to be reliable and consistent and I think it's going to continue to improve. So from that basis, we're in a great place to compete for business. Having said that, we're also continuing to be very, very disciplined on our price. So we're not trying to chase market share. We're not trying to chase some market down against the loose truck, and we'll just compete based on the service that we provide, we'll price for that. And as the economy strengthens, which it will at some point, and as truck capacity tightens up, which it will at some point, we're in a great place to take advantage of that.

Yes. Chris, I'll take that mix of questions. The short answer is in terms of design of our network in the intermodal space, there has been small single-digit impact on intermodal volume from rationalizing low-volume lanes, low-density lanes. That made sense in the book of business, it still makes sense. And when you aggregate that back up to the entire railroad, it's really largely an asterisk. 
When you get into -- the other parts of your question about contracts, we don't talk specifically about customers but I -- but we did call out both in the first quarter and I think Kenny mentioned it again this quarter that we did have a coal contract change hands that's impacting this year to a degree and we haven't talked about any other contracts besides that.

Yes. Let me start, Scott, and then I'll hand it over to Rob and Jim. So the bottom line for next year is we've got guidance out there, sub-60%, but we've constantly said we're going to be a sub-sub-60% as we possibly can be. As we enter next year, we've got good momentum, right? If we can get a little cooperation from the economy, that would be very helpful. We've had some puts and takes this year, we've discussed this through the quarter so we know what those are. But we're going to get as sub of 60% as we possibly can. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob and Jim to fill in.

So I can't speak for other railroads. I can speak for us, and that is by publishing a yield number every quarter, we work against ourselves commercially. I mean in the simplest way, when Kenny is talking to a customer and trying to maximize that price discussion, our conservative yield calculation frequently works against us in that conversation. It's as simple as that for us. Rob?

Our marketplace is -- as we relay it to you every quarter, it remains very competitive and it remains competitive specifically in the intermodal space, not just against rail competition but specifically against truck competition. Trucks are pretty darn loose right now, which means capacity is readily available and widely reported that truck pricing has been dropping. So we're looking forward to seeing a bottom of that and then an upturn. And I anticipate that, that will occur. I don't know when but you see truck orders substantially down. You see production starting to turn negative and that all bodes well for competition as we look forward.

Yes, sure. So let's take them in two pieces. I'll start with the regulatory environment. So the STB is so poised to be fully staffed with 5 Board members in the not-too-distant future, and they've already started getting more active on a host of items that they're pursuing either old items on the docket that just weren't handled over the course of the last 5 years; and in some cases, new items. Our posture is we're continually engaged with the STB to help them understand what some of the negative impacts could be of some of the regulations that are being considered and also help them understand that each regulation can't really be taken on its own. It forms a mosaic of regulatory impact and the in-game for the railroads for the STB is to make sure that the railroads are healthy and can continue to invest capital in the railroads so that we have a robust infrastructure to support the United States. So we constantly are having dialogue and communication about current state of the railroad, how good the service product is, what we're working on and what the risks are of some of the regulations that are being considered. In terms of our negotiation with labor, you did see that there was a lawsuit filed against the SMART TD, that was to compel that specific union to negotiate on crew consist or at least consider that through arbitration as a negotiating item that it was a -- it's a technical matter, and I look forward to that being addressed through the courts. The end of the current moratorium is November 1. So sometime around that time frame, unions are free to put demands on the railroad management teams and railroad management's free to put demands for negotiating on unions. I anticipate that's going to happen. I anticipate it's going to be a robust negotiating season, and I look forward to that and I look forward to being able to work with our unions to continue to position Union Pacific as a competitive strong supporter of the U.S. economy.

That's -- Amit, that's where that work that the operating team has been doing on train size really pays off, and when we talk about train size opportunity into the future, volume growth is just going to be our friend.

Amit, there is one last thing to note here and it's lost on a lot of people. It's a benefit of the train design that we've gotten in Unified Plan 2020 and that is much more of our volume is running in mixed manifest traffic now. Kenny talks about it from the perspective of that's enabling us to win business that we used to pass on because it wasn't conducive to a unique boutique train. Well, in the old days if 40% or 45% of our network was in the manifest world, that number is looking more like 2/3 and 3/4, which means volume can grow across different segments and we can leverage it into train size, or as that opportunity to do that, historically, was probably a little more limited. So that's a big benefit of the Unified Plan 2020.

Yes, I'm going to, at the highest level, say yes. We've changed a number of things that make our ability to be more agile on both the upside and the downside but on the upside, our time to hire and train and bring out a crew, a conductor, has been cut dramatically. We're actually looking forward to the next time we have to add conductors to exercise that new muscle. Jim, there's some other things we've been doing. What are your thoughts?

Jordan, this is Lance. Two points, one that the truck capacity -- overcapacity of truck supply really needs to get adjusted for those spot rates and contract rates to start going back up. And then the second thing to note is our service product consistent, reliable over a period of time. We'll start convincing customers who have historically split their book of business but would have benefited by putting more on rail, to put more on rail. So over time, theoretically, I think we should see more opportunity as opposed to less even in status quo, even in the status quo environment.

Yes, so let's talk about the intermodal business broken into 2 pieces, international and domestic. They're both attractive. Our work on cost structure has made growth in both, attractive to us, presuming it's in the right price. And from a domestic intermodal perspective, we've got a track record of growing domestic intermodal up until about the last, call it 18 months, and I think that has more to do with the flip on truck capacity than almost anything else.
Once overcapacity happens in trucks, there's just a lot of behavior that breaks out the marketplace that makes it difficult to grow at an attractive return. Our current cost structure has changed the playing field for us in terms of what's an attractive piece of business. And our current service product has changed the playing field so that customers look at us and think: Boy, they are a viable alternative to my truck network. 
So both of those I think should be positives for us to get back on the path of growing domestic intermodal. That still needs to also occur in the context of truck capacity getting rightsized. Internationally, there is no doubt that Southern California ports have lost some market share, both the Canada and, to a smaller degree, the East Coast ports and that's troubling. And that, I think, has less to do -- I know it has less to do with our service product from California ports to let's say places like Chicago and more to do with the overall cost and infrastructure of landing a box and paying fees at ports. 
So we're really trying to help the ports in California along the West Coast of the United States understand those dynamics and understand that it's a very competitive environment and the whole supply chain has to be involved in winning that business back to the West Coast ports. Our service product is being designed on a end-to-end game. So it's not just the transit over the road. We're worried about what dray looks like around our facilities in Chicago, what grounding looks like, how quickly we can turn our equipment with stripping and reloading. All that is moving in the right direction. I think all that is going to create opportunity in the future. We need to do that in partnership with our ports as well and we are.

For sure, we're having those conversations. You've seen our product design change. We demarcated and got out of low-density lanes. We changed the layout of our intermodal ramps in Chicago so that they are much more focused and dedicated, for instance, G4 in Joliet on International, G2 in Proviso on domestic, G -- the Yard Center on north, south and automotive parts, and that's helping. So yes, I would say we're addressing the marketplace in a different way to have a service product that wins and it's a good-looking service product right now, and right now, it's basically up to the marketplace and Kenny's team to make those matches happen and to get, essentially, the truck overcapacity back in to the right box.

Yes, Walter. So let me -- let's put a little finer point on our -- on the answer that we gave a little while back. So specific to intermodal, specific to rationalizing our lanes, that impact might be a couple of 3 percentage points. So you're right, there's a bit of that and I would expect us to grow back through that. But there is still a piece in that particular marketplace that's both truck overcapacity that has to get back in the box, and it will. Those always ebb and flow over time in business cycles and I think those are the 2 big moving parts.

We're looking forward to volume. Presuming the economy stays healthy, I would love to see a little bit of growth that would be welcomed. But whatever the economy is, Rob says this, it's probably a fitting ending to the call. Rob says that every time we get together and that is the economy is what the economy is. We deal with the hand that we're dealt and we don't use that and as an excuse and we won't.

Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. In closing, we have made really good progress in the third quarter, delivering a more consistent, reliable service product with a fundamentally smaller cost structure. And although I'd much prefer a growth environment, our operating performance gives us a lot of confidence that as volume returns to the network, we're going to leverage it very efficiently and return even stronger results. With that, I look forward to talking with you again in January to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. Thank you.