And thank you, Rob, and good morning, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. As we expected and shared back in April during our first quarter earnings call, the second quarter was a tough quarter.  
Our initiatives to restore fluidity limited car loadings and increased operating costs, those actions are working. We made solid progress improving the network with increased car velocity, reduced card well and reduced excess inventory. But before we get into that discussion, I want to recognize the Union Pacific team that is making it happen. Our people truly are special, and they are the foundation of our long-term success.  
Now turning to our second quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific's reporting 2022 second quarter net income of $1.8 billion, or $2.93 per share. This compares to second quarter 2021 results of $1.8 billion or $2.72 per share. Our second quarter operating ratio of 60.2% deteriorated 510 basis points versus 2021. Network recovery efforts and record high fuel prices were headwinds. However, fuel surcharge revenues, strong core pricing gains and a positive business mix offset these pressures to produce operating income growth.  
As we discussed during the quarter, we understood that the actions we took to improve fluidity would impact our financial performance. Those actions were necessary to increase the speed of our recovery and be in a better position to handle customer demand. The improvements we've made since mid-April gives me confidence that we'll grow volumes as we continue to improve service in the third and fourth quarters. There's more to be done, but we're moving in the right direction.  
Let me turn it over to Kenny for an update on the business environment.

Thank you, Jennifer. Before my closing remarks, I want to briefly touch on a couple of topics. First, related to our sustainability efforts, we've made great progress to increase the use of renewable diesel and biodiesel in our locomotives. We're currently over 4% blended in our fuel usage and on target to achieve our interim goal of a 10% blend by 2025. This is a critical initiative for us to achieve our 2030 greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Second is a quick update on the status of our labor negotiations. Earlier this week, President Biden appointed a Presidential Emergency Board, and the Board's proceedings begin this coming Sunday in Washington, D.C. All parties are anxious for a reasonable agreement. Our employees are long overdue for a wage increase. We're ready to put the uncertainty behind us and look forward to a resolution in the near future.  
Now wrapping up, as you heard from Eric, we've made positive strides on safety in the first half of the year. I'm encouraged by the momentum that I see building within our safety programs. Having said that, we're short of our goal of world-class performance, and that is our task ahead. Our second quarter performance, both operationally and financially, did not reflect the best of Union Pacific. Yet we still achieved quarterly financial records. This reflects the great work we've done through PSR adoption in the last several years to make our company more resilient, efficient and profitable.  
Our focus over the next 6 months is to again demonstrate our ability to successfully grow volumes while improving and sustaining service levels. I am confident we will build that track record. These efforts are critical to our success in the back half of 2022 and beyond and are core to our long-term strategy to serve, grow, win together. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes. Well, let me start, Jennifer, and then maybe you finish this up. So Justin, clearly, as the quarter progressed and as we exited the quarter and came into the third quarter, there's a few headwinds that either continued or didn't abate as we had expected. So one is, while we are recovering the network, we had anticipated the pace being a little quicker. And more importantly, we had anticipated volume coming on sooner as the network improved. And getting the volume back is really the primary driver of improving our operating ratio and really shoring up the financials in total. In addition, fuel didn't behave kind of like what we had hoped it would and there were some other inflationary pressures that added to it. But I'd say those first points are the big points.

Yes. So I'll start, Allison. What we need to see is exactly what we outlined earlier this morning, and that is continued improvement in our service product so that we can both spool up existing assets like grain shuttles, which will generate more loads and very attractive loads in the grain world as well as bring on more assets that can get more loads for us like coal sets or private cars or system cars. So bottom line is what we really need to pay attention to is, are we seeing car velocity improve? Are we seeing excess inventory continue to exit the network? And are we seeing our locomotive utilization and overall utilization of our assets improve because that will generate basically what we need to have happened.

Correct. Yes.

Eric, maybe you want to -- because I heard in Tom's question, costs that existed in the second quarter and how they come out in the third and fourth.

Yes, Scott, let me start first by saying emphatically that PSR is not the cause of our problems in the second quarter. When you look at our pre-transformation to today, the -- all of that headcount change is because we took work out of the network. We run 1/3 fewer trains, which require 1/3 fewer locomotives and also 1/3 fewer people running the trains and maintaining the locomotives. So we took work out of the network that didn't need to be there because we were touching cars more than we needed to, and we had too many special commodity unit trains running around the network. So we transformed the network, took that out, and we were in fine shape. We're the same railroad that we were in 2021 or 2020, I mean -- but here's where we got into trouble. We ran the network tight, and we did not recognize the stack up of risks that were in front of us with COVID continuing to impact crew availability, growth coming on and normal weather events, when you run tight, you just don't have a lot of opportunity to recover quickly.
We got into trouble and inventory grew on us, and we had to take some pretty significant measures to fix that, and we did in the second quarter. When you look at what we need to do different going forward, it's not thousands-of-employees different. It's hundreds and in different ways. We got to get our odd sports back. We've got to run our boards less tight than we were running them for a while. And we've got to do some other unique and creative things with our labor unions in order to make our crews more available and more productive without them working harder. And that can be done. We see a clear path for all of that.

100%.

Yes. What's going to be a help about that, Scott, is it takes off the table all the anxiety and conflict of a labor force that hasn't seen a raise in 2.5 or 3 years. And you put that to bed and then we can get busy on deals that we care about on property, which are really, really important to us.

Yes. And Jennifer putting a final point, I mean, I think what we've talked about is with the STB and others, we need to see that car velocity start with to the 2 -- the 200-type number in the back half of the year. And with that, you'll see most of the other metrics move in the right direction.

Yes. Actually, Amit, we remain in conversation with all of the contacts that we've created through our PSR journey. And really, they're helpful, but we don't learn anything necessarily new, right? The issue is aggressively implementing the recovery plan, which we did through the second quarter, demonstrated the movement and keeping that movement up. So yes, fundamentally, the approach doesn't change. And we've got the team that can make that happen.

Jennifer, let me start by talking about wage increases and what we could see and then you can kind of talk about how we've accrued, et cetera. So, Bascome, the PEB is going to listen to both sides and then come up with what they think is a reasonable approach to wages. Recall that our package is going to include '20, '21, '22, '23 and '24. And in '20 and '21, the markets were tough for wages, right? In 2020, wage growth was probably near 0. 2021, it accelerated. It's accelerating in '22. And I'd expect it's probably going to be relatively strong in '23 before dropping back down. So we've got a good beat on that. We've got a proposal that we'll be talking to the PEB that reflects that. And I think if the PEB is reasonable, and they appear to be knowledgeable and skilled as arbitrators, we'll get to a place that we're comfortable with.

It's reasonable to think our proposal in front of the PEB reflects that, for sure.

And Eric, it's all about running the network so that we can capture as much of that as possible.

Yes. So Walter, you can see the data for yourself. Our recovery since April has led the peer group, the U.S. railroads. Certainly, it's led in the west. So our statistics would tell you that we're recovering. And I'm sure all of our peers are working hard to recover as well and we are not dissatisfied with our pace at this point. In terms of how we use embargoes, it's evident. If you look at the STB, we use embargoes more than our peer railroads deal. And the way we use them is very targeted to a particular destination or receiver that is not controlling their inbound volumes. And when our serving yard for that receiver indicates that we've got way more inventory both in route and on hand than they can handle in a reasonable period of time, that's when we use embargo. So we use it more than our peers do. I'm not sure why they don't, but it's a very effective tool for that purpose. Kenny?

Ken, and fundamentally, you're right, we do need to accelerate volumes into the third quarter and we will. We're confident that, that will be happening and is starting. In terms of inflation, also correct, it's a unique environment, right? When you start seeing CPI in the 9%-plus range. It's been a long, long time since we've seen that and probably most of our management team up and down the org chart hasn't experienced that before. What we're dealing -- what we're doing to deal with that is just being relentless on productivity and efficiency, notwithstanding what you saw in the second quarter, which was all about recovery and  adding the necessary resources and experiencing the necessary costs to recover more quickly than we would otherwise. But overarching that, there's just a relentless use of technology and process improvement to get productivity out of the network. 
And one of the things that's helping us directly with purchased inflation is the wave process that our supply chain team goes through. We're on our -- I want to say, wave 11 right now where we take a chunk of our spend and basically deconstruct it with should cost analysis or benchmark analysis and then negotiate with our primary suppliers and looking for new suppliers that can help us find cost reduction, total cost of ownership. And that saved us hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars over the last handful of years, and that's cumulative as we look forward. So yes, you do have to do different things, Ken, and it's a unique environment, right? And it doesn't look like it's going to go away anytime soon.

Yes. Ken, I think you're hearing it mostly right. Primarily, we do have to get crew availability, which is about hiring and hiring in the right spot to get back to being completely fluid. So that's an important element. In addition to that, though, you can see in our metrics, terminals are in generally pretty good shape. Terminal dwell is good and there's portions of the network that are operating pretty darn well. We've got to get over the road more effectively that starts with crew availability, but there are other things that are built into that, that can help like continuing to reduce variability events and derailments, things like that.

And Kenny, I mean that's just reflective of the fact that in our contracted world, we chase pricing different than you see the rapid price changes in truck. So that while truck spot rates flew up and are now starting to drop back down, we're still in the kind of the catch-up phase, if you will.

And all of that's embedded.

Yes. And Ben, regarding kind of what could happen in a recession, I've been talking to a lot of our customers across the different markets. And those that are big multinationals and global, their overall outlook is clouded by the fact that Europe is definitely slowing down pretty dramatically. China is in a bad place right now. And they look to the United States markets, and they think that hasn't happened in the U.S. yet. And the impact in commodities that we ship if a downturn were to occur might not be as strong as it would be otherwise in a recession because in recessions and in commodities, you get this bullwhip effect, right, where there's not just in-demand destruction, there's destocking that occurs. A lot of our markets, there's not destocking to occur because they're still trying to catch up on their supply chain stocking issues. So it's just hard to say, Ben. We've been really trying to parse that out ourselves. And so far, we think that if the U.S. economy slows down, let's say, it is slowing down. I think our markets are going to be in a place where we're still going to have growth opportunity.

Right. But going back to your question, Ravi, I'm not sure, Kenny, that your requirements in the back half has some kind of rapid acceleration in truck conversion. You just keep on the path you're on, we get our service product continuing to improve and what we need to have happen is happening.

Yes. So I don't know if Congress' getting involved. They frequently get asked to get involved in the crew-size discussion. Our role right now inside of national negotiation is to make sure that either the PEB addresses the question or they address the question by allowing the railroads and labor to continue to negotiate, which we are right now with our unions that are affected on redeploying the conductor from the cab to the ground. We think it's better for the conductors' quality of life. There'll be great jobs. And of course, there is an efficiency opportunity there. And so we're going to keep pursuing that. So yes, stay tuned. I think the next big thing that will happen is the STB is pending a rule that they've been working on regarding how many people have to be in the cab of locomotive. And we've got our antenna up on that.

FRA, excuse me. Did I say STB? I'm sorry. I meant the FRA.

Sure. Jordan, this is Lance. So I'll take you back as recently as June where you saw 7-day carloads at the beginning of the month in the high 150s, 160 ballpark in the month at 165, 166. So that kind of ramp can happen, will happen, does happen on the railroad and we're capable of it. We just did it. By the way, during June, our service product was improving through that whole month. So we grew and improved service at the same time. In terms of what makes that happen, number one, we have to have crew availability so we can run trains on demand. That's not just crew's being graduated, which they are every week right now, but it's also making sure our recrew rate is in the right place and that we're using every crew wisely and that's in the right place. Our recrew rates down, first starts are much more efficient. 
There's still a lot of room to run on both of those. So that's the first thing that has to happen. And then after that, it's all the pick-and-shovel work of running a much better network from a reliability and a variability perspective. Right now, the good points are terminals are in good shape. We're launching on time on average, all of our network. And what we have to do now is get over the road better, and that's really about crew availability and variability.

That's a great question, David. And clearly, what we've got in our service recovery plan with the STB is not our ultimate end game. And so the number that you're referencing for intermodal trip plan compliance isn't the aspirational end game. Ultimately, in the current environment, when that number is in the mid-80s to high 80s, low 90s, it's awesome. And where we are right now in the low to mid-60s needs work, right? We need improvement. Now having said that, ultimately, what every customer tells us what they really care about, just do what you say you're going to do. I can adjust. And that's really what they want from us. So we're trying to give them right now is markers that they can trust as we move through the back half of the year and use us and use our intermodal product to satisfy their needs, right? We're still -- we can do huge volume at very competitive pricing compared to the alternative mode of truck and we can do it reliably so long as we continue to improve our service product and promise something that we can actually deliver. Kenny?

Yes. We absolutely price for the product that we're providing to the customer base. We've got plenty of room to run there to continue doing that, as you point out, more effectively. And the other thing that you're pointing out is process, and we're working really hard right now on business process between ourselves and our customers to be crystal clear on what the service product is and what we can do and how much we can do and then helping customers manage their business around that and managing our business around that as we continue to grow and improve our product. So yes, there's a lot of work around that, David, right now.

Yes. Jairam, fundamentally, the answer is no. We still -- if there were a catastrophic downturn in the industrial economy, the goods economy, we'd adjust very quickly to it. Now having said that, on the margin, like we talked about very early in the call, we would be much more thoughtful about where and how much and how we would make those employees available to us when volume returned. So you'd probably see marginally some different behavior but fundamentally, we have the ability, and it's proven to adjust our business to whatever the environment is.

Yes. And thank you again, Rob, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate it. We appreciate the Q&A with you. We look forward to talking with you again in October to discuss our third quarter results. Until then, take care.