Thank you, Rob, and good morning, and welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.
Before discussing results for the quarter, I want to thank our employees for their tireless efforts over the past several months to improve service levels. I'd also note the dedicated service of our craft professionals throughout the recent, very lengthy labor negotiation. The new agreements based on the Presidential Emergency Board recommendations reward our employees for their hard work, and with roughly half of our unions ratifying agreements, we are looking forward to complete this process and move forward.  
Now turning to our third quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2022 third quarter net income of $1.9 billion or $3.05 per share. These results include the impact of a $114 million charge for prior period estimates related to the new labor agreements. Excluding that charge, adjusted net income is $2 billion or $3.19 per share. This compares to third quarter 2021 results of $1.7 billion or $2.57 per share.
Our adjusted third quarter operating ratio of 58.2% is 190 basis points higher than 2021. Costs related to higher inflation and ongoing network inefficiencies were offset by fuel surcharge revenue, volume growth and strong core pricing gains to produce adjusted operating income growth of 13%. We made real progress during the quarter to increase network fluidity and better meet customer demand. And as you'll hear from the team, we're continuing to take steps in the fourth quarter to better meet that demand and drive costs from the network. While the year hasn't played out as originally planned, our volumes have outpaced our peers, demonstrating the growth mindset that we're instilling within our organization.
So with that, let me turn it over to Kenny for an update on the business environment.

Thank you, Jennifer. As you heard from Eric, our year-to-date safety metrics have shown good sustainable improvement, which is very encouraging. However, the most important metric is for all of our employees to go home safely every day. We remain relentless in pursuit of that ultimate and most important goal.  
On the sustainability front, during the quarter, we announced a $1 billion agreement with Wabtec to modernize 600 locomotives over the next 3 years. This is a key investment as we work to reduce our carbon footprint and meet our 2030 SBTI targets. This investment also supports what our customers need as each modernized locomotive is significantly more reliable. This is true game-changing for Union Pacific.  
As we close out 2022, we look to capitalize on the demand available to us as we sequentially improve operational efficiency. And although we're still putting together our 2023 plan, we like our positioning relative to the industry, considering our great customer wins like Schneider, expected strong coal demand and a positive impact to our construction business associated with the infrastructure bill.  
I also want to reiterate Jennifer's point about our long-term view. We are committed to achieving a 55% operating ratio and mid- to high 60s incremental margins. These goals are achievable. And as we safely and efficiently improve operations, our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders will all win together.  
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Thanks, Brian. I'll start with a look at the labor negotiation, and then we'll turn it over to Kenny for talking about 2023 growth potential. So when we look at the overall negotiation, we've got on UP Property 5 unions; on the Industry, 6 unions that have ratified. That's about half the unions. We've got 4 that are out for ratification votes still, and then we've got the BMWED that's rejected their ratification early and are back into negotiation. 
A couple of things to note. We've got an agreed-upon status quo or maintained of status quo with BMWED while we're negotiating out what they take back to their membership, and one of the reasons, maybe we think the predominant reason for that original vote not to be ratified is that the PEB recommended both wages. And they also, for the BMWE, recommended a change in their compensation for travel to the work site because about 40%, sometimes more of that work team goes to away-from-home work sites, works for 7 days and then comes back. 
So a change in that travel allowance and a change in the per diem while they're away from home. That negotiation on UP property just finished up last week. And so as the members were ratifying the vote, there was a section of it that they really didn't have clarity to. We think that clarity makes that vote more straightforward. And so that's part of the negotiation that's happening. It is exactly what's going to be embedded in the agreement when it goes back out for ratification. Ultimately, I remain confident that we're going to get our temporary agreements ratified and be able to avoid a strike. That's still a possibility, but I don't think it's a probability.

Kenny?

Yes. And Jason, I'd just add one thing and that is, we're encouraged by the movement of the international boxes between ports and inland, right? That fluid looks pretty good. We've taken some of the box count down off of the ports. That's approaching back to normal. We still have an issue with trying to get boxes off the inland ramps and process through warehouses. There's a lot of inventory sitting in warehouses right now. And the U.S. consumer is going to have to chew through that for us to be able to get street times and boxed well on the destination side back to normal.

Doubtless, there's a headwind there through the bid season, and we'll have to just see how it plays out.

100%. One last thing to note, David, we got to step a little carefully here. We've committed and we've started and been in negotiation with some of our crafts, the unscheduled jobs specifically, to try to find ways to get scheduled time off. Part of the PEB and this negotiation addresses that, but it's a far bigger issue that needs to be addressed on property in job design. That's underway. We think there's a path to do that without a substantial or kind of meaningful impact on overall headcount requirement because what we're trying to do is we're trying to make availability of employees flat across the week, right? So you don't get spikes in crew availability and layoffs. And the way you do that is you make time off predictable, and we think that trade-off is feasible. We think it's absolutely going to be happening. We don't think there's a large impact on employment through that.

100%.

Yes, Ravi. Short answer, yes. Longer answer, there are a lot of moving parts. There are going to be some headwinds into next year. Inflation is quite real. But as we look at rolling up a budget and starting -- or really at the tail end of putting our plan together, for sure, we are confident we can get pricing above inflation.

Yes, but we can tell her where it's at, right? Most likely, we left stuff on the table in coal, probably some left on the table in grain. I think that's where Allison is looking for.

And Allison, I think it's safe to say that there was less in the third quarter than the second quarter, and as we're entering in the fourth quarter, there's less again. So the whole idea isn't for all unmet demand to go away, right? There's -- at some point, when you're running the business, it's good to have people want you that you don't have resources for. The issue is making sure that's not performance-based, that we're not leaving demand on the table because we weren't performing.

And part of, Ken, your question is predicated, I expect you to snap back quicker given PSR, why isn't your trip plan compliance better on premium and on your manifest side? And the short answer is they continue to improve. As we see car velocity, which is now approaching the 200 number last couple of days, that continues to improve. And what you saw posted for second Q and 3Q is much better now in print as we're entering 4Q.

Yes. Okay, Ari. So the path to 55% is really pretty plain. It hasn't changed. This year, we ran into a rough patch. We ran the network type. We got into trouble on our crew availability and we're digging out of that. We've made progress in the third quarter, and we'll make another strong step to normal in the fourth quarter. I anticipate we enter into the back half of 2022 in the 200-plus car velocity. 
We're essentially there at this point and need to grow from there and then be normal going into 2023, which I anticipate is going to be the case. As we do that, there is, for sure, an opportunity to take excess cost out of the network. Now having said that, we're fighting against pretty significant inflation. You see it in the PEB, but it's across the board on our services and our inputs. We're going to have to overcome that with price, and we anticipate we will. We're confident we will, but that's not helpful on the OR side, right? So you got to create margin somewhere. For us, that's got to be incremental volume. 
At this point, incremental volume is going to be a more important part of the 3-legged stool into the future years. We're set up well to exceed what the industry is going to do. We're doing that this year. I think we're going to do that again next year, and we're going to have to make hay with it. And that's what gives us confidence that we're going to be able to improve margins going into next year. That's the clear path to a 55% operating ratio. And again, I don't think we said it yet today, but reiterating leading the industry in terms of our margins. So, Kenny?

Yes, oh, yes. Ken, there was a question in there about...

Yes. And Kenny, helping our owners understand this, we ship, in a normal year, grain to the river, up north on the river, and then it heads down the river. That's a carload. What's going to happen is the flow of those carloads is going to go all the way down to the Gulf. And so it's a carload, but it's a longer haul, and for sure, we see that demand showing up right now.

Yes, Brandon, and that's a fair question, but here's how we think about it. We do believe that, that 55% is achievable. We don't think it sacrifices the service product for a number of different reasons. You look backward in the last 2 years, as you know, there's just a lot of moving parts there that made -- that created unique headwinds that bit us pretty hard. This year, it was about us getting our resources wrong in terms of crew availability and for a number of reasons, the pandemic being one of them early on. It's a distant memory now because we're kind of living as if life is normal, but that had a real live impact on us from '21 heading into '22 when we first got behind. 
Now setting that aside, your fundamental question is absolutely spot on, and we talked about this at Investor Day. We said just merely focusing on an operating ratio number, that isn't the right way to think about our business. We think more important to our business is long-term sustainable incremental margins. Being the railroad with a leading margin, we think we can do that. Our franchise sets us up for that and then growth, right? And that's what we fundamentally focused on at Investor Day. 
The reason why we have to speak to the 55% right now is, candidly, it was a target we put out for this year. We thought it was quite achievable this year, and then a whole lot of stuff happened that made it difficult. 
The other thing to note is, we've achieved it in a couple of handful of quarters. And that's not the goal is to nail it once and then be done with it, right? The goal is we think that the business is set long term to be able to handle it. Now things could change, and you're pointing it out, Brandon. But they haven't changed yet to make us believe it's unachievable. More important to us right now is continued progress, get back on track of improving our margins and grow. And that's what we're focused on when we go into next year.

100%. And again, I think we got to point this out. We are performing best at the top of the heap amongst our peers today, and I think we're going to repeat that again next year in terms of growth.

Yes. Running the railroad normally, being a normal kind of operation next year, that's not a constraint. The constraints are lots of incremental inflation. Volume, that's a question mark as to exactly what it's going to look like. So you've got that right. Next year is a normal railroad and basically back to squeezing out incremental efficiencies with a lot of inflation that we're going to have to find to overcome.

Yes, those moving parts, Kenny and Tom, are hard to discern exactly how they're going to play out. It sure does look like inbound port container volume is going to be down in the -- certainly in the early part of next year. I mean, we're hearing enough markers of that. But depending on what happens with our percentage that's coming inland depends on what exactly we see, right?

Thank you, Rob. And thank you all for joining us this morning and for your questions. We look forward to talking with you again in January to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. Until then, please take care.