Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.  
During the quarter, the Union Pacific team dealt with multiple network disruptions that required us to rebuild bridges, reroute trains and connect more closely with other links in the supply chain to support and to serve our customers. While we still have work ahead, our employees' dedication is a critical success factor in navigating all of those challenges.  
Turning to our third quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2021 third quarter net income of $1.7 billion or $2.57 per share. This compares to $1.4 billion or $2.01 per share in the third quarter of 2020. 
Despite the network and global supply chain challenges, our quarterly operating ratio of 56.3% improved 240 basis points versus last year and represents a third quarter record. We also set third quarter records in operating income, net income and earnings per share.  
The team did an excellent job of managing the business to produce strong results. A comparison to 2019, a period with higher volumes, further highlights our performance and demonstrates our focus on driving productivity and network efficiency to overcome external factors.  
We also continue to make progress on our goal to reduce our carbon footprint. The team achieved strong productivity to produce an all-time quarterly record low fuel consumption rate. This represented a 1% improvement versus 2020 and helped our customers eliminate 5.7 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions in the quarter by using Union Pacific versus truck. Momentum is building, and before the end of the year, we plan to detail our emissions reduction plan with the release of our initial climate action plan.  
So let's start the morning with Kenny for an update on the business environment.

Thank you, Jennifer. One area of continued focus by the team as you've heard us talk about this morning is safety. While our safety metrics lag 2020, there are some positive signs, including strong September results that indicate we're taking the right actions to produce desired long-term results. The entire team understands that safety is foundational to everything we do at Union Pacific.  
Our service product has shown improvement over the past 60 days, but there's still work to be done. With increasing volumes related to the grain harvest and intermodal peak season approaching, we understand the importance of delivering for our customers. The opportunity to provide freight solutions to our customers is strong and gives us confidence that our long-term goals for growth remain intact.  
And as you heard from Kenny, even with macroeconomic headwinds, we're winning with our customers. While supply chain disruptions will likely persist into next year, we see our third quarter and year-to-date results as proof of our team's ability to perform in the face of significant challenges. As headwinds turn to tailwinds, we're well positioned to build off our success and deliver even more value to our stakeholders.  
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

That's a great question, Walter. Let's start with structural or temporary. I'm still of the belief that most of what we see is temporary, but that doesn't mean the fundamental basis for your question isn't still appropriate, right?  
So if we just focus in on the international intermodal supply chain, let's use that as a marker. From a temporary perspective, clearly, COVID and the impacts on labor from many different directions related to the COVID pandemic and reaction to the pandemic over the last 18 months has impacted the labor ability to fill jobs, either on the back end, warehouse dray, over in the origin, shutting down factories, ports. And I don't think that lasts forever, right?  
That certainly strikes me as something that we -- the U.S. and the world are going to get their arms around, either through mass vaccination, therapeutics, combination of both. So I think, ultimately, the way the supply chain is disrupted right now doesn't last.  
That doesn't mean that we shouldn't continue to keep our eyes open on opportunities to basically be better for customers. Step 1 in that has a lot to do with transparency and visibility in the existing supply chain across partners. 
We're working very hard in that space with each of the supply chain partners that we have, whether it's a technology platform that we can all use to see everybody's KPIs and current status or something more.  
And to your point, from an inorganic growth opportunity perspective, there are probably opportunities in there, and we have talked about that being a juice, an augment to our fundamental growth of the railroad and bringing more cars onto the railroad. 
So I think there are opportunities there, Walter. And we've got our eyes wide open and are looking for them as we continue to work on the overall supply chain.

Yes. Great question, Justin. Thank you. So we've been crystal clear all along that there are a number of concerns we have in terms of maintaining and enhancing competition with this proposed merger. The primary one is making sure that our customers continue to have good commercial access with businesses in Mexico.  
Today, we appreciate, enjoy about 2/3 or more of all the cross-border rail traffic to and from Mexico. The reason that is we have the best franchise to both act as an origination for business in Mexico and act as a marketplace for businesses in Mexico. 
We just want to make sure that in the combination of the CP and the KCS, our customers aren't locked out from that access. So we are active in the process right now to make sure that, that concern is known and that it gets addressed in some kind of remedy. 
I think there are bona fide risks to our business to and from Mexico to the -- maybe the FXE's business, but I think we've got a pretty good beat on them. We understand them, and we're actively already working to address it.

Kenny, do you want to take that?

Well, yes, those are great questions, Jason. So the way we think about recovery of current supply chain from my perspective, it really fundamentally boils down to putting people in jobs in order to increase the capacity for handling throughput, and that's both dray drivers, whether you're in the L.A. Basin or out in the destination markets and certainly in warehousing and distribution center labor. 
There might be an opportunity with port labor in terms of being able to maximize throughput through the port, and I know they're talking about that. And so I believe the Biden administration has identified basically increasing the throughput capability and the capacity capability and understands the need to help put labor that's available into those jobs and make more labor available for the jobs. 
Now in terms of once the current supply chain is fixed, there's some really good-looking markers that tell us the economy is in a pretty strong place, and maybe it'll stay there for a while. There's a lot of cash on deposit accounts that people are sitting on, and that is dry powder yet to be deployed in spending. 
As long as consumers continue to spend on things, that's really good for the goods economy, which, of course, is the part of the economy that we participate in. And there's also generally -- consumers are generally optimistic. They're fragile because of the impacts that the COVID pandemic have had on all of us, but they're generally pretty optimistic, and we just need to see, I think, that the COVID pandemic get under control and get continued signs of normalcy. 
And I think consumers will spend that money. And the low inventory to sales ratio is going to drive a need for continued stocking. So I feel pretty good about it. Certainly, as we head into 2022, it looks like a strong environment.

Yes, Jason, by far, if I -- if we could snap our fingers on the back end, we would love to see more dray and warehouse distribution capacity. That's the first thing that we would love to see. I think that would fundamentally change street time for chassis and boxes.

To a degree, right? There's only a -- Cherilyn, to a degree, right, because there's only a portion of the book of business that's priced that way, but that portion is definitely going to follow that.

Brandon, I want to brag on not just Kenny and the commercial team, but the cooperation between Kenny and the operating team and all the other internal support mechanisms that make that business development effort happen. 
They're going after business in so many different ways, whether it's campaigns to fill out shorter trains on the network or to attack a particular marketplace that looks like it's growing, and we want to be a bigger part of it or where there's customers that have a real problem with their cost structure. And we know bringing some of that business on to the rail will enhance their ability to compete in their marketplace. 
All of the above is generating business development. It's happening mostly in singles and doubles, but I'll take lots of singles and doubles and a team that's oriented towards making that happen.

Yes.

Well, and Brian didn't ask it specifically, but you've got a path towards 10,000-foot average train length.

Amen. For sure. Without a doubt.

Thank you, Jon.

Yes. Tom, thanks for the question. So absolutely, it's a reasonable thesis to say we're going to grow in 2022. Our commitment that we made at the Investor Day is over the 3-year period. We're going to grow better than industrial production, and we believe that we're going to be able to do that. 
There's a couple of things that I'll point to. We've got Knight-Swift coming on board. That will be a growth engine. We've got the headwinds in the automotive industry and the overall supply chain mostly impacting the intermodal business. 
In my viewpoint, it's very unlikely that carries all the way through next year, that there is capacity coming on for semiconductor manufacturing. The supply chain is going to have enough capacity to handle the throughput necessary. And so I think those get remedied, and that's a growth engine. 
And then Kenny's team, as we just outlined in bulk, industrial and in the premium side on business development, keep adding opportunity into the bucket. So it's absolutely a decent thesis to say we're growing, and we're growing better than industrial production next year. 
Now the other side of that is capacity. We've got plenty of capacity. Our fixed capacity, our railroad can definitely handle the growth as we go into next year. And we're poised to add the fungible resources, the employees necessary to handle it, not on a one-for-one basis because we are generating productivity, but I see no issue with the thesis you just laid out.

There are always rifle shots from a capital spending perspective, Tom, that we have to take care of. Eric identified some in terms of siding extensions. We've got some capacity spending that's going on in our new intermodal ramps, whether it's the Inland Empire or up in the Twin Cities. But I consider those rifle shots. Those are very specific little pieces of the network that will have a very positive generating ROI to them. 
In terms of manpower resources, employees, we've got needs here and there. And again, those tend to be pockets, and they're driven by growth or they're driven by normal attrition. And we're right now in the process of hiring in a few areas around the network. 
We've got a training pipeline that's both representative of people we've hired and people we've called back from furlough. But I don't consider those numbers anything kind of worth commenting other than normal course of business.

Absolutely. David, you just outlined the connection. Our volume in intermodal is down because of tight dray market. We don't have enough dray capacity to support the overall supply chain on the intermodal product. That is going to be remedied, right? 
Supply and demand in our market economy gets remedied. Truck driver wages are going up. Dray wages are going up. It's all looking good. So I feel very good about overcoming the bear case that you just outlined because they're intimately connected.
Kenny?

Yes. We are committed. We're well planned. There's a detailed executing plan already in place, and we're really looking forward to having them on as a partner. They're running an outstanding business. They'll be a great partner to have.

Kenny, another way to answer Jeff's question. Jeff, if you recall, when we came into the year, we gave guidance that said 4% to 6% growth. And coming out of the second quarter, the lay of the land looked pretty strong, and we upped that to 7%. 
And now because in part of the intermodal supply chain disruption, along with the continued issues on semiconductors for automotive, we've dropped that back to 5%. So right there, you see 2 percentage points of growth on the whole business that is connected to supply chains getting screwed up.

Jeff, this is Lance. Your thesis is spot on. Our customers tell us that they'd love to use more intermodal product, and that's a great place to be. We're not going to try to guess exactly what that looks like. 
We'll build next year's budget. We've got a long-range plan we'll continue to tweak and build on. But your thesis is spot on. There's tons of opportunity out there.

Yes. And putting a little bow on that, Jordan. You know the Eastern railroads, and their export business is substantial and big. And our export business doesn't really look anything like that, though.

Well, thank you, Rob, and thank you all for being engaged with us this morning and your questions. We really appreciate getting into those discussions. 
We look forward to talking with you again in January when we discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. And until then, I wish you all very good health. Thank you, and take care.