Thank you very much, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. I apologize for the delay. Our service provider was experiencing technical difficulties this morning. We will handle any necessary and appropriate public disclosures after the call. 
With me today in Omaha are Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. 
Before discussing our fourth quarter and full year results, I must first acknowledge the performance of our exceptional employees. 2020 presented challenges that no one anticipated and all of us hope to never experience again. The women and men of Union Pacific worked hard in the face of the pandemic to provide our customers with fluid and uninterrupted service. Their dedication produced service and efficiency improvements that are now part of the UP DNA, positioning our company to flourish in the days ahead. This past year has reinforced my conviction that our people are truly the best in the business. 
Moving on to our fourth quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2020 fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.05 per share. These results include the impact of the previously announced $278 million pretax noncash impairment charge related to our Brazos Yard investment. Excluding that charge, adjusted net income is $1.6 billion or $2.36 per share. This compares to $1.4 billion or $2.02 per share in the fourth quarter of 2019. Our adjusted quarterly operating ratio came in at 55.6%, an all-time quarterly record and 410 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2019. 
These outstanding results demonstrate our potential when we leverage all 3 profitability drivers simultaneously: Volume growth, productivity and pricing. Our fourth quarter and full year performance bolsters the optimism we have for the long-term potential of our company. 
To provide a bit more detail, we're going to start with Eric and an operations update.

Thank you, Jennifer. When we began our PSR journey in the fourth quarter of 2018, our objective was to drive efficiency across every facet of the operations while providing customers with a safer and more reliable service product. As you heard today, we've made tremendous strides toward that goal, and we are building a solid foundation of operational excellence. 
We made good progress across a number of areas in safety last year. We achieved substantial improvement on the rail incident side, while we held the line on personal injuries in a very challenging year. Our safety performance is moving in the right direction, and I expect continued improvement. 
In 2020, we took a step forward to reverse the impact of global warming. Our commitment to set science-based targets and an improved fuel consumption rate demonstrate our pledge to operate sustainably. While there is more work to be done, these are important milestones as we reduce our carbon footprint and help our customers do the same. 
Best of all, our enhanced service product, combined with a lower cost structure, is helping UP win in the marketplace and grow. And as you heard from Kenny, our team is energized about the prospect of an improving economy that only expands opportunity to win new business. 
To wrap up, watch for more information soon on an upcoming Investor Day in early May. While we would love to meet in person, it will most likely be a virtual event. Regardless, we're excited to lay out our vision to lead Union Pacific into a future of long-term growth and excellent returns. 
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Eric, do you want to answer that?

And Eric and Justin, just a proof statement. When you look backwards into 2020, we improved year-over-year our service product in the second quarter as volumes dropped, and we improved our service product year-over-year in the third and fourth quarter when volumes came back. So we've got a proof statement that we're able to, in either environment, continue to make improvements.

Kenny, you want to take that?

Yes. I want to reemphasize that, Jennifer, that the guidance we gave is built on the assumptions we outlined. And if those -- if we can make those assumptions better, we will. We want to grow faster than the market. We're going to get as much productivity as we can. We're going to be relentless about efficiency.

Yes. Allison, this is Lance. I'll start, and then I'm going to turn it over to Kenny for some detail. 
The short answer is yes, and they do exist. We've got a very large industrial park immediately adjacent to the Dallas Intermodal Terminal where we've talked historically, and it's alive and running about the Dallas to Dock plastics product. So yes, there are opportunities like that, and we do search for ways to use our real estate to the benefit of the railroad, and that's happening all the time. Kenny?

Yes. And Bascome, if you were kind of -- part of your question, I thought I heard, is there a limit to train length at some point in the future? I think Eric had mentioned we're going to continue to find train length and plan for finding train length opportunity through 2021. Part of that's reflected in our capital plan, for another 20 siding extensions or new sidings. And so we don't see an end to that yet either.

So let me start on the capital, and then we'll turn it over to either Jennifer or Eric on the second part. So when we think about capital and long term looking into the future, we've created quite a bit of excess capacity or open capacity through PSR and the Unified Plan. And nothing would please us more than to have enough volume growth to justify investing more capital. If you look at our ROIC, we -- every dollar that we put in the ground generating 15-plus percent, we love that. But we just don't need it given the amount of capacity that we have at hand the way we're running the railroad today. 
So Brandon, it's very difficult to look out in the future and say, "Boy, at this date certain, we'll need to turn on more growth capital." It's going to depend on where the carloads are in the network, how much they are. But again, when we do face that question, that's a very good day for us.

Amit, that's an excellent question. You're exactly right that we are in the process of turning our sites to -- while continuing to improve our margins and yields to add to that more strength than the growth leg of the stool. 
And Kenny, you've got a couple of things culturally that you've done inside the commercial organization. It's not all just about the commercial organization in terms of supporting growth, but I think they're indicative of where we're going.

And Kenny, you've changed your work structure to streamline it. You've distributed business development goals to more broad than just each salesperson. Everybody on your team has business development responsibility. 
Amit, there's just example after example of fundamental changes that have been put in place in 2020 that we think are going to drive growth in 2021 and beyond.

Yes. Let me start with that, then I think everybody on the team might have a perspective. The first thing I want to note is our most recent addition to the senior leadership team with Rahul Jalali, who joined us as our CIO. I think it was in early November last year. He's bringing fresh energy and perspective to the team. And Allison, we think about the role of technology all of the above in terms of what you asked about it. It definitely plays a role in growth in terms of customer experience, in terms of us developing platforms and ecosystems for our customers to participate in and resolving their needs from their perspective. 
There's been a real juice applied to that in recent months, and we're going to continue to use technology to enhance efficiency and productivity. UP Vision is a great example of that, getting something, a minimally viable product in the hands of our operations team and then developing it on the fly into a very, very strong productivity tool today. But Kenny and Eric, you guys are the ones experiencing it.

And Cherilyn, I would add, current demand is being -- from an export perspective, being largely driven by China and China's entry back into the U.S. bean market, partly reflecting the Phase 1 U.S.-China trade deal, partly reflecting a basically recovered pulp for -- in domestic China. So what China does through the year is really going to kind of predicate what happens in the second half of the year in terms of export grain.

Okay, Brian. So let me try to unpack that, and I'll try to do that holistically. So the question being around growing our share of the freight market and what does that mean. And you've asked some questions around the implications of mix and what it takes to win and what gives us confidence. 
So when we talk about growing our share of the freight market, we are deliberately broad because we're focused, first and foremost, on converting trucks from highway. Inside of that, we're looking for commodities that are underpenetrated to train and have the dynamic where they should be -- we should see greater share overall of train penetrating freight. And also customers that used to ship on us and don't anymore, trying to unpack why and what we can do about that. And new markets that are opening up to us both because of our service product and our cost structure. So we're deliberately broad because the target markets are deliberately broad. 
In terms of what it takes, it takes an excellent service product. And from most customers' perspective, that's about reliability and consistency. There's also a safety and an ESG component there. Many of our customers look to us to help them meet some of their commitments to their shareholders and stakeholders in terms of their carbon footprint. So there's that. 
It also takes us having a deep knowledge of the marketplace through Kenny's commercial team. That's the secret sauce of the commercial team, is understanding many markets deeply, deeply enough to understand what it takes to win. And then we've got to have service products design that do -- that meet the needs of our customers. 
And you've got it partly right, I think maybe even largely right, and that is as we grow, looking forward, a lot of that looks like it's going to go into the intermodal product. And our intermodal product, everything else equal, tends to mix us down. Now having said that, our intermodal product is also becoming more profitable over time. And we're not going to stop on that initiative. And we're also very, very confident in our ability to leverage growth through productivity, so you put that all together. And bottom line, what it says is we're going to continue to use all 3 legs of the stool to make future margin cash generation better than today. And our confidence coming out of 2020 has really never been higher in being able to do it.

Yes. Walter, let me take a stab at that. And maybe, Jennifer wants to add to my comments. Thank you very much for the question. So when we think about growth and using our service product to grow, I -- absent some surprising, very regionalized response, I think we've got good capacity around the network. We've got the ability to react to growth as it's occurring if we need to add to whatever our capacity is. And I -- candidly, I just look forward, and I don't see, even in some strong growth, I don't see a surprise to us that would cause us alarm. I think our processes, our mechanisms for seeing growth as it's occurring, know where it's happening, being deliberate about what we're going after, I really think the network is on very good footing. So that's the -- what is needed in a capacity perspective. 
In terms of part of your question about what elements are you thinking about growth when it comes to nontraditional. Unpacking, we think of 3 ways to grow. The first is put carloads that fit the network that are profitable on the network. Clearly, that's a step 1 and the most favored way to grow because it's got great incremental margins and it uses capacity that's available. 
Another way for us to grow is to do more for our customers, perform more function for them than their supply chain's logistics. And that's always an opportunity, and we're working on that because it also helps make customers stickier with us. We're providing greater value to them and in the process, solving their problem, whatever their addressable problems are for us. 
Then the third way that we think about growth is increasing the geographical footprint. We've been pretty clear that when we think about that from a Class 1 merger perspective, that there's a lot of opportunity for a regulation to destroy value in that process. And so far, the economics just don't look like they pencil out. 
But that's not the only way to increase our geographic footprint. We can do it through one of the earlier questions, how do we use our real estate to increase our reach. Maybe through incremental transloads or incremental logistics parks. So yes, Walter, we're thinking about all 3. All 3 have action against them. And I think we'll probably get into a bit more detail on that when it comes to the Investor Day.

That's a great question, David. So we are not satisfied with our KPIs. We're pleased with the progress we've made, and we think they are good in the marketplace and position us to be able to compete for and win business. But we also think there is some upside in terms of improvement. 
Having said that, 100% is not an outcome that's reasonable that's actually likely or even optimal in the railroad environment the way we measure trip plan compliance, whether it's for the intermodal product or manifest and autos. What we have said and do think is that we can get that intermodal trip plan compliance into the high 80s and low 90s and have it sit there. And if we can get the manifest and autos into the 80 ballpark and low 80s and have it sit there, that's a sweet spot, balancing out resources and fulfilling a consistent, reliable service product that supports the needs of our customers. 
So there is a bit of an upside there, David. I wouldn't hang my hat on that's going to generate 2 and 3 and 4x growth. What that does is it continues to set us up to compete effectively. And we're already really set to compete effectively against our primary rail competition, and we've got a lot of work underway with some delivery on being able to compete effectively with truck.

No. I would -- I don't think that's the right way to think about it, David, although you're right that we have moved virtually all -- I think all of our critical operating KPIs in 2020 favorably in comparison to 2019, both the efficiency and productivity measures and the service measures, so we've demonstrated we can move them both in the same direction. 
It's not easy, right? That's not a lay-up. Because if we don't think about our network right, we can get into a place where we're making those false trade-offs between productivity and efficiency and the service product. I label them false trade-off because I think they are. If we think about our network right, we can do the hard work of both.

Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. We look forward to talking with you again in April when we discuss our first quarter 2021 results. Until then, I wish all of you good health and safety, and please take care. Thank you.