Thank you very much, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha practicing safe social distancing are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, Chief Financial Officer.  
Before discussing our second quarter results, I must first recognize the continued dedication of the women and men of Union Pacific. As we navigate the COVID-19 pandemic, our employees are protecting themselves and their coworkers in order to provide our customers with a service product that's fluid and uninterrupted. Our rail network continues to operate at a very high level as we provide a safer, more reliable and more efficient service product to our customers. As I reflect on what we dealt with and the results of the quarter, the true character of our organization was revealed, and it makes me very proud of the entire Union Pacific team.  
Moving on to the second quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2020 second quarter net income of $1.1 billion or $1.67 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.22 per share in the second quarter of 2019, reflecting the economic impact of the pandemic and the challenge of overcoming a 24% decline in revenue, our quarterly operating ratio came in at 61%, a 1.4 percentage point increase compared to the second quarter of 2019. Despite the distractions created by the pandemic, our employees made progress on safety in the second quarter. For the first half of 2020, our employee safety results improved 5% versus 2019. I am very appreciative of our employees' continued focus on safety. Our second quarter results represent an achievement by the entire UP team as we dealt with a challenge unlike anything we've seen before. The women and men of Union Pacific answered the call to serve our customers, and the results provide further confirmation of the transformation our company has made through Unified Plan 2020.  
So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim to provide an operations update.

Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We made good progress on safety in the first half of the year, and I expect continued improvement in the second half. From a service and efficiency perspective, we took another step forward toward our strategic priority of operational excellence. The experience of the past 3 to 6 months has validated why we are transforming our company through the Unified Plan 2020. Our ability to be nimble and flexible in adjusting our resources to a rapid, severe decline in volume, while also improving our service product demonstrates the strength of our service model. As we continue to navigate the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, our optimism for the future is unchanged. Union Pacific is well positioned for a future of long-term growth and excellent returns. 
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

And as regards your incremental margin question for next year, Chris, of course, we don't guide on incremental margin. But we do remain optimistic about in a world where we get volume growing. We're going to generate productivity. We've got a pricing structure that works that should generate improved margins.

Yes. Ken, let me start, and then I'm going to turn it over to Kenny to talk a little bit about what he sees in the pricing world. When we're talking about a very competitive market, it reflects both still a relatively loose, but tightening truck capacity market and strong competition from our rail competitors. So that's a level set we're talking both worlds. From the standpoint of mix, bear in mind, we mentioned it, but the automotive business is very good high ARC business. And in the first half of the quarter, it literally went to about 0. Kenny mentioned 90% off. But that all by itself is a significant mix impact. 
And Kenny, you want to talk about the pricing dynamics?

Yes. So let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Jim. One of the most astounding things to me, I've been with our railroad for 20 years now, and I was responsible for our operations for a bit of it. And if I look year-over-year, Jim mentioned this, our train starts -- the number of trains on our network at any given time are about 1/3 less, which is much more than what you see in volume. And how that translates into a service product is there's less network congestion on average anywhere you look, less meets passes, et cetera. So that allows each train, more free running time, and it really makes the network a little easier to dispatch, and that translates into a service product.

Yes. Thank you for the question, Ravi. So let me start, and I want Kenny to help me with some of the detail. Many of our customers are discouraged by the impact to their supply chains during the COVID pandemic. It started with a hard shutdown in parts of China that really impacted inbound onto the West Coast and ended up with the United States taking shutdowns that impacted other parts of the supply chain and then some disconnects between ourselves and U.S. MCA countries. So without a doubt, most of our customers on the margin are at least thinking about what to do in their supply chains. And some of them are talking about readjusting to bring some of that back nearshore. 
It's early innings, so I can't really point to any substantial investment that's occurred at this point in time in terms of executing on that. But I do know there's planning in place. And the net effect for us is going to be maybe an impact on inbound intermodal imports. But candidly, I would -- I think I would prefer having that manufacturing occur nearshore, gives us better opportunity for inbound and outbound and typically in a part of our commodities that are a bit higher ARC. 
Kenny?

Thanks for the question. No, we do not have an equipment shortage. We had we have cars parked in places. I went for a train ride, and we had cars parked in places that I never thought that I would ever see cars park. They were parked everywhere, ready to go, and we had them close on hand. Locomotives, we had locomotives, we have more locomotives stored than we have operating. So we could double the business and -- well, not quite, we could probably triple the business and use the locomotives that we got stored. So we have lots of locomotives. People-wise, we were real smart about it. And the return, when we call people back, the people are returning. It's in the low 90s that people are accepting to come back to work, which is fantastic. So we're not having to worry about having to retrain people, and we still have a lot of people furloughed. So given all that, what it is was some noise in 1 week, it's x, and then the next week, you want to do x plus 40% and somebody says, we're short of cars or short of people. Nobody can crank up our railroad running 2,000 different movements all over the place and in 1 week. So if somebody thought that was equipment shortage of people. The answer is no. It's just -- there was no way I was going to flow trains one way and have all the debt heads and extra costs. We took it on a systematic basis, and we're fluid now. The railroad is running smooth. And we're always going to have that a little bit of a lag. I mean that's the way to railroad. Somebody else might have done it differently. I would not have changed anything I did when we started back up and the business came back.

And it's not just the whole rationalization of the railroad, what we've been able to identify, in Chicago when we consolidate and at the end of the year, we're going to have our new facility -- expanded facility at G2 opened up, we have a facility at G1 that's pretty close to Downtown Chicago that becomes excess, property on the South side excess, property also in other locations. So all those are available that Jennifer and her team to go out there and see we can monetize and bring some more value to this company. So I'm very excited.

Absolutely.

Yes. Justin, thanks for the question. This is Lance. So our full year guidance of down 10%, if you do the math, that says the back half is going to be somewhere in the, call it, 9%, 10% down. How it breaks out quarter-to-quarter is something that is very difficult to estimate right now. Kenny has done a good job of sharing with you all the confidence he is growing and building as wins are starting to show up on the railroad. It's one thing to secure a domestic intermodal win in March. And then in the second quarter, nothing shipped. And now as retail is starting to restock, we'll start seeing some of those shipments occur. So it's a little bit difficult to parse it out exactly for you. So I won't attempt to do that. But your math broadly is right. In the second half, you're going to have to be in that down 9% or 10% to hit down 10%. And we're growing our optimism here in the near term.

That's a volume number. That's a carload number.

Not today.

Bascome, this is Lance. I'll bring us back to something we've historically talked about all the time, and that is we're building this better operating model, this service excellence, operational excellence on a franchise that's the best in the industry. We've got the wonderful Gulf Coast franchise. We've got Great East West corridors. We've got a great I-5 corridor. We service Mexico better and to a greater extent than anyone else in the industry. We are set for a very bright future.

Yes, that's a great question, Bascome. And you got it exactly right. I think it's opportune time to start talking to or have a concentrated moment where we speak to our investors about the game plan looking forward in a holistic way. And we would have loved to have done that this fall. That's just not going to work with COVID. So stay tuned. We haven't announced anything, but I would imagine it will be sometime in the first half of next year, presuming that we can do it safely and in a manner that protects everybody's health.

Ken?

Kenny?

Yes, it's a great question, David. And I'll start by saying, we do believe that the new service product, the lower cost structure, opening up markets to us and Kenny's commercial team putting more of their posture on their front foot from a sales and business development perspective, all of that combines to definitely give us a better opportunity to get asset utilization up. I feel pretty good about that. I think there's plenty of opportunity. I look at our served markets, which are very broad. We touch a lot of the economy. And absent this immediate COVID impact and the behavioral changes that are in the near term, over the longer term, I think the argument for the United States and for North America is still pretty darn strong. That doesn't mean we're not looking at other things. We're always looking at ways to be more important to our customers, to serve them better, to play a different role in the supply chain, if it makes sense. But I think our core business has a really good opportunity to continue generating both good margin and good ROIC.

I think what we're focused on is making sure Kenny has got the right culture and team members so that business development happens at the pace and magnitude that we think we should be capable of I believe we're in process there. That might take some investments, and we've talked a little bit about it, and there are small cost investment, large impact, like Salesforce, Pros as a pricing tool, Tableau is a analytical tool, others. We talk about our APIs and making customers see more value and be stickier with us, and that's a manifestation of our net control investment. We talk about product development and making sure that we're doing what we need to do to serve the parts of the market that are now open to us. 
But in addition to that, kind of getting at your question, I wouldn't be surprised if there are other investments we make that look more like the activity Loop does, where you're providing ancillary services from the railroad, but they are primary services to a customer. And it makes us a more valuable supplier, it makes us stickier and opens up even more markets for us. 
I think you're definitely onto something there, David. And it will be part of the conversation we talk about when we're at a moment in time having an Analyst Day.

Jordan, let me put a little exclamation point on that for Kenny. So during the past domestic intermodal bid season, which happened at, call it, starting late last year, but really at the heart of it was April, March, February this year, a little bit of May, that's right in the heart of the worst decline in volumes across the network, not just us but trucks. So trucks were loose, pricing was tough. In that environment, Kenny's team grew share of wins. Now it didn't ship. It's starting to ship now. That's why Kenny is confident in the manner is on our domestic intermodal product. But for me, that's a proof statement that we don't have to wait for the gap between rail and truck to get better. Our service product, our ability to price and earn a margin in today's environment is such where we have an ability to penetrate against truck right now.

And thank you, Rob, again, and thank you all for your questions and for joining us this morning on our call. We look forward to talking with you again in October to discuss our third quarter 2020 results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Take care and enjoy the rest of your day.