Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.  
Before discussing first quarter results, I want to recognize our employees for their work during the major winter events we experienced in February and early March. Many of the communities we serve faced unprecedented weather conditions that damaged factories and made surface transportation nearly impossible. Our employees rose to the occasion to maintain or restore critical service in those areas, while dealing with weather impacts to their own homes and families. We owe a debt of gratitude to our team as they, again, prove their resiliency, their grit and their dedication to serve.  
Moving on to first quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2021 first quarter net income of $1.3 billion or $2 a share. This compares to $1.5 billion or $2.15 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 60.1%, reflecting the impact of weather and rising fuel prices in the quarter. 
As you'll hear from the team, absent these items, our core results improved 150 basis points. We delivered strong productivity in very challenging conditions. And based on our core performance, I remain optimistic about the remainder of the year. In fact, we are affirming our 2021 guidance.  
While it was a tough quarter, it does not dampen our expectations. We're in a terrific position to take advantage of the improving economic outlook and grow our volume. Our service product, our cost structure and continuing productivity set us up for an outstanding year.  
To get us started reviewing the details, I'll turn it over to Eric for an operations update.

Thank you, Jennifer. As you've heard me say many times, our first priority will always be safety. I'm confident in our ability to meet our high expectations in that area. With today being Earth Day, it feels appropriate to highlight the actions we're taking to protect our planet.  
In February, we announced our science-based target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26% against the 2018 base by 2030. Additionally, in our 2021 proxy statement, we rolled out our ESG strategy, which we call Building A Sustainable Future 2030. We'll expand on this strategy in our 2020 Building America Report, which is going to be published in early May in conjunction with our Investor Day. We're reinforcing our commitment to delivering value to all of our stakeholders.
As you heard today, we're very optimistic about the future. Our service product made more resilient through PSR, and lower cost structures, enabling us to win new business and expand opportunities that will ultimately grow the top line.  
Looking to the rest of the year and improving economic outlook, our continued commitment to value-based pricing that exceeds inflation and the opportunity for strong productivity gives us confidence to affirm our 2021 guidance. 
Union Pacific is poised to take advantage of a strengthening economy by leveraging our best-in-industry franchise to produce long-term growth and excellent returns.  
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes. Thanks, Scott. I'll start with the last part of the question and end with the first part. 
Regarding whether the CP or the CN were to acquire the KCS, our concern really is the same. What we're focused on is what the STB says the next Class 1 merger must provide, and that is an enhancement to competition and clear improvement for all customers. 
For that to be true in any transaction, our current service product has to remain intact, so our concern is making sure that we have good operational and commercial access to all the customers that we serve currently in Mexico and in other parts, whether that's near or on the CP railroad or the CN railroad.  
As regards to that transaction, the first thing we're focused on is making sure that the STB sets up a level playing field for all Class 1 mergers and in that does not apply the waiver that they created potentially for the KCS back in 2000, 2001. We think those new 2001 merger rules should apply to every Class 1 merger, so that the STB has a full opportunity to vet the game plan to enhance competition by the transaction.  
And then if you think a little bit about what we're focused on, you're exactly right. We're focused on the 3 stools that drive enterprise value for Union Pacific -- the 3 legs of the stool, excuse me. We're focused on making sure we get value-based pricing in the marketplace. We're focused on making sure that we're efficient and productive, both in assets and an operating expense. And we're focused on growth, and I think growth is going to play a bigger role. It has to.  
And then as regards whether or not that changes our stance on overall M&A activity, our big concern on any Class 1 merger is that in the STB's regulatory review, they are committed to enhancing competition, and they're also committed to taking a look at the downstream impacts and whether it creates incentives or an instability in the industry for further consolidation. In that context, we see a lot of opportunity for long-term value impact that's not in our best interest.  
So we're going to be very, very active and engaged in this process with the STB and potentially directly with the acquirers. And we're going to, first and foremost, focus on making sure that we protect our interest and then help the STB enhance competition as they see fit.

That's correct, Scott. At this point, we are not contemplating M&A. We've done plenty of work to understand what the costs or -- and benefits could be. And we'll just continue to be engaged and monitor the process.

Great question, Chris, and thank you for asking it. So when we think about growth, there's a number of ways that we're able to attack it. One is opening markets to us that hadn't been opened before, either through a more consistent, reliable service product, which is true, or a lower cost structure, which is also true. So we see clearly more opportunity happening.  
Another way to do it is to expand our reach, and that can be done any number of ways. It can be done by a new intermodal terminal in Minneapolis. It can be done by a new transload. It can be done by taking property that already exists around the Dallas Intermodal terminal and turning it into opportunity to site new industry on it. All of that is underway.  
And Kenny, maybe I'll ask you to make some observations and give us a few examples of the kind of growth opportunities you're achieving right now.

Yes. And Kenny, it's something else, Chris, that we haven't mentioned yet, 2 big drivers of near-term wins. One is our technology base, our technology platform. You all know we rewrote our ERP over the course of the last number of years, and it's microservices architected. 
What that means is APIs are really easy for us to do. We've already got something approaching 4 dozen active APIs with our customer base. Those are helping us win business with electric vehicle manufacturers, for instance, that really care about the data streams. So our technology platform is winning.  
And then our ESG story is winning. There's a number of customers that are looking to us to help them reduce their carbon footprint. And as you know, that's becoming a much, much more important part of the conversation with a number of our customers.  
So there's a lot of moving parts there, Chris. And from our perspective, there's a lot of opportunity.

Yes. Great. Thank you. Ravi, so we do evaluate our guidance periodically. Of course, every quarter is an opportunity. And we've delivered what we think is a good, prudent, middle-of-the-fairway set of expectations as we look forward. We're already kind of moving ourselves up in the range, which is meaningful.  
200 basis points of improvement is not chump change year-over-year, particularly when you're at the performance level that we were at last year at 58.5. That would mark us as being a very, very strong industrial performer. So there's no more news on the second half guidance.  
I would also just remind you that there is some kind of very high optimism on what the second quarter is going to look like just because the comps are so easy. But then when you get in the third and fourth quarter, we're starting to lap now the real acceleration in domestic intermodal, particularly the parcel world. And we're also then starting to lap some of the real strength in grain. So it has yet to be seen exactly how that plays out. But even in that context, our guidance stands.  
And then in terms of what to expect for our Investor Day next week, so what you're going to hear is you're going to hear us lay out just what we talked about there. We're going to lay out how we serve our customers and how that continues to improve and what to expect from us there in real granular firm, so you can get a good sense of the work streams and what to expect. 
You're going to hear us lay out how we expect to grow. We'll name customers. We'll talk about very specific opportunity and work streams that you can hold us to account for. We'll talk about what winning looks like in that context and kind of reaffirm, of course, guidance this year. And then we're going to talk about a couple of markers we're going to lay down for the next 3 years. And then we're going to start with a nice overall context of how doing that together with all of our stakeholders really comes to reality.  
So we'll talk about our ESG story. We'll talk about what's going on with our employees, the communities that we serve because I think that's a critically important part of how we run this railroad. We have a social license to operate in all 7,300 communities that we serve, and they need to hear us talk about how much we value them and our relationship with them and how we keep it healthy. 
So you're going to hear all of that, and you're going to see it in 2 hours, and you're going to see the leadership team of Union Pacific tell that story collectively.

Eric, let me jump in. And part of your question, Allison, was kind of what should the thresholds be. And our experience, at least right now, and I would say, into the near term tells us trip plan compliance on the manifest side at about 75-ish, plus or minus. Better -- more is better, but there is a threshold at which more costs more than it's valued.  
And then on the intermodal side, we do think high 80s, 90s is kind of where that needs the park to be, to be reliable and truck competitive.

Look, Allison, it's not a hard and fast rule. If you look backwards when volume goes away like it did in the second quarter, you can run a railroad really, really smoothly and efficiently and get those numbers jacked up pretty good.  
I would just say, somewhere in the mid-70s is great for manifest. If it starts creeping up into the mid-80s and mid-90s, it's probably more service than is valued and not the same in intermodal. Intermodal, there's an appetite for 90s, and they'll pay for it.

Eric, you can get started.

He had also asked about labor productivity.

And then I'll build off that labor productivity commentary to answer your labor negotiation question, Brian, which is we are right in the middle of national round. It's been underway for over a year. The railroads are pursuing crew size changes in the capital locomotive. 
If successful, that would put one of the individuals on the ground servicing more than one train. We think that's got a lot of positives to it. First and foremost is a lifestyle improvement for half of the capital locomotive in that circumstance. 
One of the most difficult parts of being train and engine men on the railroad is that their work schedules are unpredictable. They match the flow of trains, which are 24/7, 365. If we can put somebody on the ground, we can create that work into shift work and scheduled shift work, which is a real benefit. 
There are other benefits. Of course, it's a real productivity move, but that's far from certain that we'll be able to get that in this round. We're pursuing it. Of course, it's got to be negotiated.

Let me take the conservative or not conservative question, if I could. The short answer is no. I mean, 4% to 6% was our best thinking before. 6% is our best thinking now. We'll keep tuned up on it. We've talked about the potential headwinds late in the year. But yes, it's our best thinking.

Yes. That's a great question. A very fair question, Brandon. What's different for us is a demonstrated track record now in our world of PSR, where when volumes return, we don't crater. A case in point, perfect rate case in point is last year. Last year, volumes dropped as dramatically as we've ever seen in our recorded history from, call it, late February, early March into April and then subsequently recovered as fast as we've ever seen. 
And if I recall in the recovery period from Q2 to Q3 to Q4, we continue to improve our metrics on service. That's a proof statement right now. When you go from 120,000 7-day to 160,000 7-day at the end of the year, now clearly, you're loading resources into a pretty empty network at that point, but you're still having to do the work of loading resources into the network. 
I think the same is true right now. I'm going to make up a number. If we go from today's volume to 180,000 7-day, we've got an -- a network, a physical franchise that can handle that pretty readily. And the job would be to efficiently layer in the train starts that would be necessary, the crew, the locomotives. And we've demonstrated, we know how to do that and should be able to do that. 
Eric, a little segment color?

And Tom, and thanks for the questions. We've been very clear on consolidation. You mentioned it. We think that the process, the STB has committed to undertake in terms of reviewing any Class 1 merger to ensure it both enhances competition, has better outcomes for all customers and that they contemplate the downstream impacts. 
When you boil that all together and note that the STB has full authority to put in whatever remedies and regulations are required to achieve that, we've always thought there's lots of opportunity in that to destroy long-term value for the industry. 
That's our big concern. We are constantly evaluating long-term enterprise value creation. Part of that is whether or not mergers make sense for us, and that's always been a primary sticking point. We'll have to navigate this current process to see how it comes out. And of course, we'll be an active participant in it. 
Related to the second part of your question, which is how do we protect or how do we ensure that the competitive option that the UP represent doesn't get disadvantaged by either the CP or the CN if they were to own KCS. And you've got it exactly right. The Laredo gateway is the primary gateway for the KCSM, and we'd have to do 2 things. 
We have to make sure that operationally, we're treated fairly and equitably at the gateway. And then we have to make sure commercially that we're treated fairly and equitably to all the points that we currently have an opportunity to serve with our franchise in the United States in conjunction with KCSM. 
Our franchise is damn good. It's the best in the industry, and that's why we represent about 2/3 of all rail cross-border traffic to and from Mexico. It could be a cry in  shame, and it would be against what the STB has committed they would do in evaluating the merger if that excellence is replaced by something that's inferior, and it's because we're disadvantaged. So we'll be crystal clear about that in front of the STB and in the process.

Yes. 100% there are, and they would be in positions, concessions, remedies that would flow through the STB.

Let me start on both, and then I'll turn it over to, first, probably Kenny and Eric to comment on specifics about congestion and how do we avoid it. I don't think we've said anything about negative yields in the year, Jennifer.

Right.

Yes. I'm sorry. When Walter said yields, I went to how we define yields, which is predominantly price.

So Walter, talking a little bit about congestion and if economic activity surprises us and is even stronger and continues to strengthen, what are we going to do about avoiding congestion? And the short answer is making sure that we've got the right resources against it, staying ahead of it through the viewpoint of Kenny and his team in terms of translating economic activity into carloads for us, which we do routinely and periodically to try to stay out in front. 
And I also need to make sure we talk -- Kenny and Eric both talked about us having a full supply chain visibility and working towards that specifically with the West Coast ports. That's an active engagement, whether it's in the L.A. Basin or up in the PNW, on our part, to make sure that we and the entire supply chain have transparency and visibility into what's happening, what the metrics are and KPIs need to be for us to stay fluid and support an excellent service product. 
And from my perspective, that's not just about satisfying current demand. That's about making sure that the West Coast ports are competitive in a very, very competitive world where stuff can hit Prince Rupert or the Gulf Coast or the East Coast. 
Eric?

Yes. It's a great question, Justin. So the short answer is we believe we can grow faster than our served markets. GDP might not be the best measure, right, because there's a boatload of services embedded in GDP. But maybe instead, you'd have to look at the elements of industrial production. 
The one caveat I'd give you is that's going to be true -- we expect that to be true and be able to drive that with the exception of a handful of commodities, coal being one of them, perhaps petroleum being another one and maybe frac sand being another. But you take those off the table, and our expectation is we grow at a better rate than our served markets.

Yes.

Thank you, David. So let's start with the potential. There is a lot of truck traffic that can be converted to rail, and we're constantly working with both the FXE and the KCSM to try to get that done. We have been successful in actually growing our overall intermodal product that we call it the domestic intermodal product, even though it's to and from Mexico. And we expect to continue to do that. 
Now it's pick-and-shovel work, right, because we've got to get the FXE or the KCSM interested in a move that might be relative short haul for them in comparison to what they might be able to do just staying within Mexico. If that's the case, there's always an opportunity to use truck in Mexico as the origination or destination and transload at the border. It's a little more complex, but we do that today, and we can continue to do some of that. 
So yes, the market is big. It's pick-and-shovel work to convert, and there's been plenty of advertising about the potential to convert and what it means in synergies. We have not seen the game plan that would be required to be filed with the STB. And once we see that game plan, all of us then can start evaluating how real is it. And is it going to be done at our expense? In which case, there's got to be a remedy that maintains our competitive posture.

Customers at the front end really don't play that greater role. With -- what we do with a customer when we're bidding for business is we determine the best route for the service product. That's what we sell to the customer. 
Sometimes it's blind to the customer, and we route it as long as we're maintaining the service commitment to the customer. Sometimes, the customer has a full understanding and appreciation for the routing. And if we want to change it, it becomes a little bit more complex. 
But net-net, at the front end of any transaction, we as a railroad determine the best routing, and that's always with an eye towards the best service product that meets the need of the customer. That's what gets problematic inside a potential acquisition is. The combined carriers might have the opportunity to go to an inferior routing through a commercial construct, and it's not best for the customer, it's not best for the market.

Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. Just a reminder, we have an upcoming virtual Investor Day on May 4 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time. We're all looking forward to discussing our strategy and vision for Union Pacific, and we hope you're going to be able to attend with us. I wish you all good health, and take care.