Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me here today in Omaha are Beth Whited, our Chief Operating Officer; Cameron Scott, the Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer.
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.3 billion for the first quarter of 2018 or a first quarter record $1.68 per share. This represents an increase of 22% and 27%, respectively, when compared to 2017. Total volume increased 2% in the quarter compared to 2017. Energy carloads increased 6%, primarily driven by frac sand shipments, while Industrial and Premium volume both increased 2%. Partially offsetting the volume increase was a decline in Agricultural Products, driven primarily by lower green carloadings. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 64.6%, which improved a little over 0.5 point from the first quarter of 2017.
Our solid first quarter results were a direct reflection of the tremendous effort put forth by our entire workforce. And had it not been for some network congestion, it would have even been better. I'm encouraged by the work we're doing to quickly regain superior levels of service and efficiency.
Our team will give you some more of the details on the first quarter starting with Beth.

Thank you, Rob. As we discussed today, we delivered solid first quarter results, despite experiencing operational difficulties. We're pleased with the improvement we've seen in recent weeks and we are confident in the plan we have in place to continue building on the progress that we've already made. With the economy favoring a number of our market segments, we're well positioned to benefit from another year of positive volume growth and solid core pricing gains.
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Beth, do you want to handle it?

Let me start and then I'm going to turn it over to Rob to fill in some detail. So from the standpoint of the network challenges, we mentioned that those had really started in the second half of last year and there are a myriad of reasons. Ultimately that culminated in us having too many operating cars. The operating car inventory on us for the amount of carloads that we are generating, which exacerbated the problem, made it worse. We've spent a good part of the first quarter and coming now into the second quarter in getting that right. There's still more work to be done there. And Rob mentioned that in terms of we're still going to face a headwind as we move into the year with excess resources deployed, so that we can get our service product right. Rob, you want to...

And Rob, I think, it's important to note that -- the fact that we're masking some of the productivity improvements that we have the ability to make through these excess resources to get the network right that, that has not in any way diminished both the game plan and the confidence around the game plan of what productivity opportunity we have.

Let me take the front half of that question then I'll give Rob the opportunity to deal with the back half. In terms of confidence in improving OR, we are confident in improving our OR this year. Clearly, we would have liked to have made more progress in the first quarter. And we mentioned that in our comments that, that we had a solid quarter. I'm proud of the financials, and they could have been better. And when we see that, it's a little bit of a disappointment on our side, but it's also a confidence boost, knowing what we're capable of achieving. Rob?

Yes, Scott. So it's not an aggregate issue. It's a kind of a more targeted issue. So for us, if you go back to the second half of last year, there were a number of things that we've highlighted that started us down the road of a congested network, specifically in the southern region. Part of that congestion was visited in other parts of the network in part with our implementation of positive train control and unintended stops. We've done some tremendous work on reducing that occurrence. And that we feel very good and confident about squeezing that out. We did a couple of other things in terms of experimenting with our T-Plan, specifically up in the Pacific Northwest. And that created a little bit of congestion in dwell. We've deconstructed that. We're keeping the piece that we thought was most productive. And then when you get down south, basically in our most constrained part of our network, we've seen significant manifest carload growth, which is the type of product that consumes our terminal and yard capacity. So when you put that all together, the way to get out of that as inventory -- operating car inventory increased because of that congestion is to over resource the network so you can run on demand, that you don't wait for cruise and you don't wait for locomotives. And as Cameron pointed out, we changed our transportation plan, so that we actually added starts in order to move cars out of our terminals and in toward customers and in toward interchange. All of that is paying dividends. We see that as we mentioned with a $25,000 or 11% reduction in our operating car inventory, and an improvement in dwell and an improvement in velocity. There's more work to be done there, but that's why you get more locomotives than you would need steady state, more cruise than you would need steady state. And once we achieve steady state or as we approach it, you should start seeing us put locomotives back in the storage and our appetite for TE&Y is also going to reduce.

Yes. So unpacking that, the short answer is, yes. We do see both the CSX and other railroads and other businesses candidly, other industrial businesses doing things that we can learn from. We experiment with that learning like we did in the Pacific Northwest. Some elements that worked, some elements didn't and we'll continue to innovate and experiment so that we continue to drive operating ratio. We're very proud of -- and I think can stand on our record of improving operating ratio over the long term, while providing a sound and excellent service product and being able to find areas of the market that we can grow into and generate attractive profit return. And we're going to keep that up. So nothing has really fundamentally changed for us in terms of how we're looking at the business or running the business, and what we're holding ourselves accountable for, and what our shareholders and communities and customers and employees are holding us accountable for.

Yes, Ken. I think it really is about getting the mix right of the right transportation plan, getting the inventory right and making sure that we have the right amount of fixed capacity available to handle it. You saw us announce earlier in the year that we were firing up Brazos, which is a large, modern network terminal in the middle of Texas, that's a key component of making sure that we have the right capacity to handle our business in Texas. We have other capital investments that we're making down in that area, that will increase the fluidity and the ability to handle carloads in that area of our network. I don't think we have to deconstruct entirely and reconstruct entirely the game plan. We don't see that. But clearly, we see opportunity to continue to find productivity, both in how we manage over the road and how we manage in our terminals, and Cameron and team are all over that.

Yes. We do not believe that there is a choice that you have to make to identify a low watermark that you stand on in terms of operating ratio. We think that we can run this business in a way that we'll continually look for opportunities to reduce our operating ratio, and we think there is still opportunity for that. The other thing to notice, we don't manage the business solely with the focus on one metric, right. I mean, operating ratio is a very important metric for how efficiently we're running the network. Return on invested capitals is a very important measure that we use to make sure that we're making prudent investment decisions. We look at our service KPIs and our quality KPIs, and of course, our safety KPIs. So we believe we can accomplish all of that at the same time. We did a fair job of that in the first quarter of this year. I mean, we've shown operating ratio improvement, record EPS, solid increase in operating income, and we think there's more of that to be had and some of that was masked in the first quarter because we had excess resources in the network to get back to a great service product.

Yes. Bascome, so we constantly discuss our capital structure. You know, looking at us now and historically, we're pretty conservative in our capital structure. We make sure that we have our powder dry for the what-ifs as we look into the future. So not disclosing anything we discussed at board level, I would tell you that's a constant discussion. Right now, we think both our ability to generate incremental operating income and cash and tax reform gives us the opportunity to, in aggregate, increase leverage and also to reevaluate the amount of leverage we have.

Cam, do you want to start?

Walter, part of the answer is, again, when a network business like a railroad gets congested, you can either gut it out and that takes a long, long time. And usually, it means volume goes away. And then finally, you get enough spare capacity to be able to make the improvements you need to get back to where your plan was or you can overload the network, so that you can run volume whenever you want. We have a physical capacity that is a rail capacity issue just in a few spots in the south, in some terminals and some parts for the line of road. But what we don't want to do is also have that plus a locomotive capacity issue, plus a crew capacity issue. So we've over resourced those areas in the first quarter, clearly. We do have some more powder that's dry in locomotives. And as Cameron says, our hiring pipeline is full. I fully expect as Cameron and team continue to improve our service product in the south that we're going to be in a place where we start storing locomotives again, and slowing down that hiring pipeline. Where that happens exactly, when it happens exactly? We can't tell. But what we can tell is as we make improvement, we've got an eye towards being able to do that because those are the costs that are getting in the way of us demonstrating the $300 million to $350 million of productivity that know we can get this year.

No, we've not.

Yes. Brandon, I'll start by saying what we really focus on is generating industry-best operating income and cash, which we do. And some part of whether or not we can get that from the top line volume is predicated on what's happening in the market and what's available to us at what we would consider appropriate and attractive return. But with that, I'll turn it over to Beth and Rob.

Yes, thank you. Thank you all for your questions. And we look forward to talking with you at our Investor Day in Omaha on May 31. Thanks.