Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Tom Lischer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. 
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.6 billion for the third quarter of 2018 or $2.15 a share. This represents an increase of 33% in net income and 43% in earnings per share when compared to 2017. This was an all-time quarterly record for Union Pacific, even without the benefit from corporate tax reform. Total volume increased 6% in the quarter compared to 2017. Premium and industrial carloadings both increased 9%, while Agricultural Products grew 2% and energy volumes were down 2%. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 61.7%, which was flat with the third quarter of 2017. Higher fuel prices had a 0.3 negative impact on the operating ratio. Strong top line growth was offset by an increase in volume-related costs, higher spending due to some lingering network inefficiencies and other cost hurdles. While we reported solid financial results, we did not make the service and productivity gains that we had expected during the quarter. However, we believe that Unified Plan 2020, along with other G55 + 0 initiatives and recent changes to our leadership team position us well to start driving larger service and operational improvements going forward. 
We launched Unified Plan 2020 on October 1 in our mid-American quarter with a goal of creating more streamlined operations on the eastern 1/3 of our network. While early, I am pleased with the initial results, as we've seen improvement in several key performance indicators on our network. We've also made a number of other changes to drive near-term productivity savings that you will hear about today from the rest of the team. Our entire Union Pacific team is fully engaged in the implementation of Unified Plan 2020 and our pursuit of running a highly reliable, more efficient network. There is much more to come as we continue to rollout Unified Plan 2020 across our network, and I'm excited about the opportunities it's going to create for both our customers and our shareholders. I'm confident we have the right people and the right plans in place to improve our operations, to provide more reliable service for our customers and achieve industry-leading financial performance. The team will give you more of the details on the third quarter and Unified Plan 2020, starting with Kenny.

Thank you, Rob. As we discussed today, we delivered record third quarter earnings per share, driven by strong volumes and solid top line revenue growth, while we recognize that opportunities still exist to improve our network performance, we are encouraged by the progress that has been made so far. Furthermore, I'm pleased with the strength of the economy and the positive impact on most of our business segments. 
Looking ahead, I'm confident that the recent progress we've made on our Unified Plan 2020 will accelerate in the near term. As we move forward with the implementation along with other G55 + 0 initiatives, we will regain our productivity momentum and improve the value proposition for all 4 of our stakeholders. 
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes, but to your question, Ken, this is Lance. Clearly, it's very early innings, right? We just started implementing Phase I on October 1. What we're very optimistic about are seeing movement in some of the KPIs that we would consider the first early indicators, like car terminal dwell. We're seeing that move in the right direction. We're going to see, and are seeing, locomotive productivity as we're taking locomotives out moving in the right direction. That car trip plan compliance, that has a lot of moving parts to it and it's hard to move it early, right, because it's combination of what are you doing to and from industry, which is first and last mile? What are you doing in the terminals? What are you doing over-the-road? And so, the fact that it's treading water right now. I don't think that's unusual or unexpected, but over time, we do expect that to move in the right direction. And then, the other part of your question is, how quickly can we make changes? This is turning into a way of life for us. So while the phased implementation of the first iteration of Unified Plan 2020 or PSR on our railroad is, kind of, well conceived, inside of that, there are already opportunities to try something that's part of that plan, and if it doesn't work out just as thought, reconstructing it and doing it again. That's part of what Tom touched on when he said, we've, kind of, reorganized some of our management structure on the operating side so we can make those kinds of changes more rapidly.

I'm going to start with that, Ken, and I'm going to turn it over to Kenny to give us a little more technicolor. But I think, overall, there's not many indicators that we see in our served markets, kind of, broadly that tell us of a global slowdown. Now there's plenty of risk, right? Chinese tariffs pose a risk and they can disrupt trade flow. We see international economies, particularly Europe, looking like they're slowing down a little bit. So I don't think it's all rosy on the horizon, but we just don't see any specific markers that tell us that growth isn't going to happen. And Kenny, can you fill in a little bit?

Yes. So I'll start with that, Jason, and then, I'll pass it on to Kenny and Tom for their thoughts. So the way we think about this plan and the impact on volumes and pricing is first, our approach to pricing is not changing. And that is, the business has to be reinvestable. It has to be attractive to us from a margin perspective. Now there's a new filter put on that as we implement this plan and that is, it has to fit within the network that we've designed. If you go back, one of the -- not one of, the single biggest prompt for us to switch how we're designing our transportation plan is that the way we had been doing it resulted in many different boutique services that became very complex to execute and, as a result, weren't feeding what the customer wanted broadly, which was consistent, reliable service. That's why we're making this switch to Unified Plan 2020. It will generate consistent reliable service as we focus on car movement and focus more of our attention on moving into manifest network versus boutique unit train networks. And so, the net effect is, there is another filter we put on price or on business and that is, will it fit into the network as we've designed it? In terms of the volume side, as we produce a more consistent, reliable network, that should generate more opportunity for us from customers. I anticipate that's going to be the case. I don't know exactly when that shows up. And between here and there, there are probably risks to the volume, which are customers that either are concerned about the way we're designing their transportation plan and want to try other alternatives or customers' businesses that don't fit well with the existing plan and they want to try other alternatives. So with that, Tom or Kenny, you got any other observations?

Yes, so I'll take a stab at that and then, Tom might be able to give a little more detail. So when you think about the expertise that we have in-house on PSR, we do have employees, some at high levels like Cindy Sanborn, who is now going to running the entire northern region of the network, along with others, particularly in the operating team and also in the network planning and optimization team, who have experience and, in some cases, deep experience in PSR. Having said that, and understanding that we have complete confidence in the existing team and they're doing a hell of a job both designing from ground up because it's not being done in Omaha, it's being done by the people that have to execute the product on the ground. We are always looking for ways to increase our knowledge. One way is, we've spent a great deal of time with railroads that have implemented PSR to understand from their perspective, what worked, what they wish they would've been differently, what they wish they would have accelerated during their initial phases. So we've learned from that and it's reflected in our own planning and we're always out in the marketplace looking for talent that can add to the team that we've got.

Rob, can you handle that for us?

And we put those percentages plus/minus out as order of magnitude what we're expecting to achieve.

Well, that's a great question. We don't know -- well, we don't have the numbers handy right now as to the total number of contractors on the network. I'll just remind you that not every contractor looks the same. So we said we're in the fourth quarter taking out 200 contractors. Those are very much focused in the IT world, where they work full-time on projects that we give them and they're supervised by somebody else in a different part of the world. We have many other contractors that do different things on our property, because they can do it either more effectively than we can or because the asset investment to do the work doesn't make sense for us to make because it wouldn't be deployed all the time. So in that case, you think about something as simple as snow removal and grass cutting and then you go all the way up to contractors that are running some of our Intermodal ramps. So there's a lot of moving parts there. You've targeted properly, Ivan, that, that is an opportunity cost. And to the extent that we can find low-value added work or ways to do that more efficiently, that's another bucket of cost that we're targeting.

Yes, so this is Lance. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Tom. So parsing that question out, the first thing to note is some of these KPIs are KPIs that we have not tracked historically and it would be a real job to, kind of, create them from a historical perspective. So we're not likely to invest that time. That time is like time not well spent. Some of them we can track back historically, like locomotive productivity or car dwell. And if you look at just overall, and those are published numbers, certainly car dwell is, you can see that some of our best car dwell was way back, probably about the 2013 kind of number or timeframe. But car dwell for us, depending on how we design the network, ranges maybe at best 26 hours plus to in the 30-hour plus range when we're congested. As we looked in the second quarter, one of the reasons that our inefficiency costs were reduced in the second quarter was that through the second quarter, we turned a corner. And we didn't choose September for any reason other than it's essentially the first month before we started in earnest implementing Unified Plan 2020. So there's really no magic about using that as a baseline. We chose to use that as a baseline because some of these measures like the crude productivity number based on car miles, the car miles per day. Those things, we're just starting them out. So we figured we'd just start them out in September. Tom, what would you like to add to that?

Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Brian, I'm sorry. We did and have actually benchmarked ourselves against every other PSR railroad and we do that periodically against every other railroad. And what I'd say is, the target ranges that you see on that metric slide are both engineered. They're derived from the network as we think it will be designed on us, right, because the design is not complete. But it's -- we took a very large first step in the Mid-American Corridor, and so we have a sense for what to expect in the remaining phases. That's item number one. Item number two, we've pressure tested that against what we see in absolute performance and improvement from starting point on the other railroads. Now I would remind you, there's probably one kind of glaring difference in one way and that is, we're starting the project with an OR in the 62% to 63% ballpark, where some of the more immediate implementations have started at a higher OR level, so there's that. But we also can see where everybody else started in terms of their locomotive productivity, their car dwell, their fill-in-the-blank. And the other thing I would say is, we expect significant -- as we point out in that slide, significant improvement. We're already starting to see early returns that grow that confidence in it. But every railroad is a little different, right. We have -- we go over the Continental Divide, we have some pretty significant rise and fall that probably means that's going to look a little different than somebody who doesn't.

Rob, you want to take that price versus inflation and then Kenny will...

Yes. I think the best sum for that, David, is we anticipate we should be the best-performing railroad exactly for the reason of our franchise and team and many other assets. And we should have the best financial performance. That's what we're targeting, that's what we're shooting for.

I believe, we've shown a appropriate level of commitment in this first month, if you will, of activity. Consolidating regions, consolidating engineering functions, moving something like customer care and support from marketing and sales into the operating team, finding 475 jobs that we think can be done more efficiently, streamlining the organization. There are many first steps that are literally just first steps. And yes, that level of commitment necessary to ultimately achieve a 55% operating ratio at some point in the future, that is in place.

Yes. So you see a couple of those KPIs that are currently published, terminal dwell is one. That will be a good one to watch. That's a good overall indicator. We publish a freight car number, I think, is a big more inclusive number, but that should show some movement as well. And the other thing to note is, those KPIs are now being built in to how we monitor our business. And we will have an opportunity to review them with you on a quarterly basis as well.

Yes, that's a great question, Bascome. So we do believe, at this time, that our current incentive packages are appropriate and driving appropriate behavior. And it's for this reason, in the big picture, if we think about what's important in this -- in our industry and our company, first and foremost is making sure we get our investment and invested capital right and that -- from that perspective, I mean, spend it at the right time, at the right amount, in the right place, and generate the returns necessary to attract capital. And so, the long-term plan being built around ROIC makes all the sense in the world, right? We're a very capital intensive company, and we got to keep an eye on that. We've modified that so that the management team gets punished or rewarded incrementally based on relative performance on operating income. So that's a relative operating income. So that's an important long-term incentive plan. I think it looks right. The short-term is built on 2 big measures. One is, operating ratio, which is how efficiently we are taking the top line and translating it into the bottom line. That's critically important for us. And operating margin, which is -- or operating income, again, which is, are you growing and are you growing as expected. So for right now, we think those make sense. But the other thing to note is our compensation committee of the board is always evaluating what are the right incentives and how do we align management with what makes best sense for rewarding shareholders. I think we've got that right, right now, but that does change over time and it could change in the future.

Yes. Allison, I wouldn't use that as a hard and fast rule, right? You know, I think that hump yards are very different around the network. Some of our hump yards are designed to run at 2,000-plus cars a day. And some are designed to run at 1,200 cars a day. The endgame really is, if the cars need to be switched and need to be switched there, is that the lowest cost option? And if it is, we'll keep using it. And if we get to a point where utilization drives an alternative decision, we'll do that.

Yes. Basically, where you have to switch the cars, that will dictate -- because one of the things we're doing is we're reducing the times we touch a car, which is great overall. But we still have to touch it somewhere to get it in block.

Yes. So, Tom, I think that to directly answer your question, it is a new transportation plan. And what it means is, Tom's team started at ground level with the cars to and from industry and built from that where's the most efficient place to switch those and do work, what's the most efficient way to advance them deeper into the network to where they want to go or to interchange and then reconstructed a transportation plan that does that. And so, when Tom's talking about the sand plan, in your mind think, there's a number of origins up in Wisconsin and Minnesota and they accumulate cars and they fill those cars with sand over time and in a unit train, it takes 3, 4, sometimes 5 days to accumulate the cars, create a unit train and ship them down. In today's plan, instead, we pull cars daily from those origins. We accumulate it into a manifest network and ship them down. What that does is, it saves days on car trips. And you expand that into all the commodities and all the customers that we do across the network and that's how you get time savings on car movement and dwell savings in yards.

So the first things to focus on are, it will drive a reduction in the time it takes a car to go from origin to destination on average. It'll reduce the time a car is sitting in a terminal on average. It will reduce the amount of locomotive power required on average. I think, we'll see some train start impact, it should. And train length, it could also continue to help us grow train length. Those moving parts are a little less clear in terms of ultimately we'll consume fewer crews, because the product is more efficient and reliable. How much of that is because the train -- physical train starts, that's hard to tease out right now.

We are. What you said is true. The pipeline for new hires is starting to come down. It was doing that at the tail end of the third quarter, and we anticipate that to continue.

Yes. Great question, Brandon. So bearing in mind that winning in our world is generating growing and highest amount of operating income and cash from operations, so that we can reward our shareholders, attract capital and put the capital back to high-return projects. I think the short answer is, yes. The way we think about capital, we build it up from the bottom. So we don't start with a target number but that looks to us like less than 15% of revenue. And I think as we get more efficient, what I expect would happen is, we're going to have capital that is physical existing structure, infrastructure, available to use. Now our capital spending might target a little differently. Prior to implementing this Unified Plan 2020, we might have spent in this one area and once it's implemented, we might have work happening in a different area that we'd like to either debottleneck or support with incremental capacity. But I don't think that changes overall the net-net large number. And to achieve what we try to -- what we need to achieve, a 55% operating ratio, attractive ROIC. Growth will help, and I anticipate we will see growth because of more reliable consistent service product. But I don't think capital is going to retard us from being able to do that.

Our priority is always generating growing operating income and growing cash from operations.

Sure, I'll start and then Tom can add additional technicolor. You're right. Our scale is quite a bit different than the other railroads that have implemented PSR. And I mentioned earlier in the call, as we've engaged with our peers in those other railroads, we don't really see anything there scale-based that tells us there's incremental risk to us. One of the things we've done is, instead of implementing a brand-new transportation plan across the entire network all at once, is we broke it into phases. That's a recognition that scale, kind of, does matter in terms of magnitude of risk and if our game plan early on was going to break some customer relationships or if we got some aspect of the design wrong or some such thing, we didn't want to do that system wide. We wanted to learn that in a smaller chunk. And that informs, kind of, why we went down that path. But Tom, is there any other observations you want to make there?

Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions and joining us on this call today. And we're looking forward to talking with you again in January.