Thank you, Rob, and good morning, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we discuss our first quarter results, I want to reflect on Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The people of Ukraine have had their lives turned upside down, and UP family is holding them close in our thoughts and in our hearts. We've leveraged our resources to help with a $500,000 donation from our foundation and by matching 2:1 our employees' gifts to select charities that provide direct aid. 
I also want to recognize the Union Pacific team for more than their generosity. They're a team dedicated to serving our customers. But recently, our service product has not met our customers' expectations. 
You will hear from Eric, we have an action plan in place to recover, and it is starting to yield benefits. I'm confident in our long-term ability to grow while providing our customers a reliable service product. As they've proven time and again, no matter the challenge, our employees rise to the occasion.  
Turning to our first quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2022 first quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.57 per share. This compares to first quarter 2021 results of $1.3 billion or $2.00 per share. Our first quarter operating ratio of 59.4% improved 70 basis points versus 2021. 
Business development and a robust demand environment drove 4% volume growth in the quarter, coupled with strong pricing gains and a positive business mix. However, our service challenges are contributing to higher costs in the quarter. That performance is also having a real impact on our customers and their ability to serve their markets. We must improve to realize the volume growth we expect this year and into the future.  
So let me turn it over to Kenny first for an update on the business environment.

And thank you, Jennifer. As Eric mentioned, we've had an uneven start to the year with safety, but we're not deterred. We're in the process of implementing changes to our safety programs as a result of our work with experienced safety consultants. I'm confident these changes will be a catalyst for world-class safety performance. 
As you heard from Kenny, demand remains robust as our customers see growth opportunities in their businesses. However, we recognize that for growth to be sustainable, we need a reliable and resilient service product that our customers can depend on. Our strategy begins with serve, and it is the foundation for achieving long-term success for all stakeholders. Improving our service product has our full and undivided attention.  
Current challenges aside, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities that exist this year to win with all of our stakeholders, and I am confident that 2022 will be a very successful year. 
Wrapping up. With tomorrow being Earth Day, it feels appropriate to highlight an action we took during the first quarter to protect our planet and advance our journey to net-zero emissions by 2050. 
In January, we announced plans to purchase 20 battery electric locomotives for use in yard operations, creating the world's largest carrier-owned battery fleet in freight service. These locomotives do not use diesel fuel and emit zero emissions. We anticipate the first units will arrive on site in late 2023 with complete delivery by 2024. With this step, Union Pacific remains a leader on our nation's path to a sustainable future.  
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Yes. Thanks for the questions, Ken. So I'll start. In terms of hiring, our hiring pipeline right now is pretty much fully charged at 500. We'll be graduating something over 100 each month. That'll help us get healthy. It's not like we need all 1,400 right now. But I would love to be able to add another couple of hundred into the network where we need them right now. That would really help us move our inventory through the pipeline, get it pushed up against our customers where they would like it. And so we're in the middle of doing that. 
When Eric mentioned some difficult areas, particularly in the northern tier, call it from west of Chicago all the way through Wyoming and into the Pacific Northwest, we're trying a couple of unique things there. One of the things that's showing really great promise is something called second-chance hiring. It's where we take cadres of individuals who have made bad life decisions but are really no longer a threat to society or themselves. And we work with a partner in the community to vet them and then take the best from that group and bring them on board. 
We've already gone through our first hiring class who are in the middle of training down in Houston, and we've expanded that second-chance hiring program now to Chicago, L.A., North Platte. And it looks like it has great promise in those communities as well. So there's a number of things we're doing, both to make our jobs more attractive, to find bigger pools of talent and to develop talent so that it's ready to be in the railroad. And at the same time, we've reduced our training program, from a time frame perspective, not a content perspective, down to about 14 weeks, maybe 17 if we have a little bit more training to do in particular areas. So we're doing everything we can to get the pipeline charged and get them out. Kenny?

Let me get started, and then I'll ask Eric to add a little detail. We are encouraging our international ocean shipping partners to put more of their international boxes on our railroad to ship inland. As Kenny mentioned, that ratio is still lower than it's been historically. And they're all working towards adding more of that back into our network. But we're -- we stand ready. The boxes that are pointed at us on dock are not dwelling in an excessive amount of time, and we'd love to have more of those come on to the railroad.

That's a great question, Tom. And let me unpack that for you, let's say, starting in the back half of last year coming into this year. We talked about, in the back half of last year, really struggling with crew availability, which was mostly, we thought, COVID-related. We just had not really done a great job in anticipating what COVID would do to crew availability. And we kept kind of struggling with having 300, 400, 500, 800 TE&Y unavailable to us at any given time. 
But we thought that our hiring pipeline had been charged up to a point where, as we were entering 2022, we'd be able to handle the volumes. And that looked like that was proving out to be the case. When we spoke to y'all in January, our operating metrics were improving. We were coming out of the holiday, and we actually felt pretty good about where we were. 
Now we knew we were fragile, but we thought we could navigate as we brought crews on board. What happened is we were more fragile, I think, than we give ourselves credit for. So in the back half of February, we started getting some body blows from what normally happens in winter. Usually, we have enough excess resources to be able to bring them to bear and clean out of it. This time around, we didn't. And as a result, we started getting behind. 
Inventory built up, and it's for the exact reasons that make all the sense in the world. As customers see us slow down, they put in more freight car inventory so that they get their needs satisfied. And that then turns into kind of a self-reinforcing negative cycle. And that's where we are right now. 
So right now, we're in a place where we've got more train and car inventory on us than we should have, given the volumes, and we've got to work that off. And what Eric was talking about is making sure that we use our crews wisely, our power wisely, and our T Plan is oriented towards doing that. 
So that's exactly where we are. And it's going to take us awhile to work out of it. We're going to work out of it through the second quarter and into the third quarter. And my anticipation is we'd see incremental improvement week after week after week as we're doing that. Eric, is there anything you want to add to that?

Yes. Tom, I would point you back to the KPIs that Eric mentioned. You'll see the recovery happen. You'll see it in car velocity that we publish every week. You'll see it in terminal dwell that we publish every week. And you'll see it in overall inventory.

And support the guidance that you gave overall, which is a 55.X for the year.

Yes. Jordan, thanks for asking that question. So unequivocally, PSR has been a benefit to the railroad, even in our current environment. Let's go back to what it means. It means we try to touch cars the fewest amount of times necessary to satisfy demand for our customers and the customer need. So we don't do waste work. That by itself allows us to have excess capacity in both the terminals and in our line of road that we can use for other purposes. We also try to deconstruct our specialized networks where that makes sense so that we can have shared trains that are advancing cars more rapidly than they would otherwise. 
Unequivocally, when you look even at the way we're operating right now, when we have gotten into trouble prior to PSR, our operation would be worse, demonstrably worse. And we've proven through the last 3 years that when we get into trouble in the PSR environment, we can get out of trouble more readily. Now what's happening right now is, I'll blame it on us. Shame on us. We got to a place where we did not have the crew availability for when something went wrong to be able to over resource for a short period of time and get it out of the network. And that's a tough -- it's not a lesson. It's a tough situation to be in because we've already learned that lesson. 
So as we look forward, what we have to do is make sure that our business-planning processes for resources are rock solid and that we do a better job of making sure that our network and our resources and our plan is tightly coordinated with customers and their need and get them matched up, and match them up over a time frame that is the same as how we can add resources for growth. So yes, unequivocally, PSR is remaining the way to go. It is helping us manage the business right now, and that's not why we got into trouble.

Well, and Jennifer, we also just need to circle back. There's one other predicate on that, and that is we are improving the service product through the quarter and through the back half of the year.

Yes.

Yes. Amit, I don't think it changes fundamentally our strategy in the domestic intermodal world. The BNSF and J.B. Hunt have always been formidable competitors. And what we've done, by adding Knight-Swift and Schneider, along with having XPO and our long-term partner, Hub, working with us, is we've got channel partners that can grow very effectively against that. And when you combine that with our EMP and UMAX program for some of the smaller and midsized IMCs, we are fielding a really talented, very compelling story for BCOs to use us. 
It is no surprise that our primary competitor in BNSF and their primary partner in Hunt are doubling down on how they approach the market. And candidly, that kind of competition between us, our channel partners and them and their channel partners is fantastic for the users, for the customers of domestic intermodal.

Yes, Kenny, you want to handle that?

And Kenny, I want to brag on your team for a moment. You're doing really tremendous work on business development -- on pure business development. The singles and doubles, where we bring on a customer, we grow with an existing customer through service enhancement and enhancing the overall customer experience. Even in the context of the service issues that we're facing right now from a service product perspective, behind the scenes, the overall customer experience, we continue to invest in that and continue to make progress.

Kenny, why don't you handle the back half domestic intermodal question, and I'll get to the STB after you're done.

Yes. And as we improve the service product, Kenny, get that reliable, we're in great position to take more trucks off the highway. It just makes all the sense in the world, including an ESG perspective. 
Ravi, your question on the STB hearing, clearly, the entire rail industry is in a place where we're, as a collective, not providing the kind of service that our customers demand. The STB appropriately is hearing from customers and want to talk about it. That's what next week is all about. We're well-prepared for those conversations and to share with the STB how we're investing and planning to continue to improve and recover and then be stable going forward and reliable and consistent. And I think that's going to be a great opportunity to have that discussion. 
We're going to encourage the STB not to make rash or knee-jerk decisions in this environment. There are some things on their docket that, I would guess, I would imagine, somebody will advocate as solutions. And from our perspective, this is all about getting our labor right, getting utilization right, making sure the other resources are ready, and then executing. It's not much more complex than that right now.

Yes, Walter, we take a great exception to anyone that points at our historic track record and says we're underinvesting in our railroad, right? When you spend $3 billion, $4 billion a year, that's not underinvesting. And look at the statistics, look at the facts. You go back 4 or 5 years, we would have 800 or 900 trains on our network at any given time. Today, we're overloaded by plan at 700. That number should really be 600. And our network has had incremental investment put into it. 
That's what I mean by making sure we have excess resources. We've done that through the implementation of PSR in terms of we have excess terminal capacity that we can use by having mothballed certain terminals that we no longer needed in the T Plan. We've got plenty of line-of-road capacity that we can use. And we continue to invest there so that we can continue to grow out efficiency, safety, productivity and growth in targeted areas. 
So when I'm talking like that, I'm really talking about the more fungible resources like crews and locomotives. And locomotives, we're in great shape, right? We have a strategy where we have at-the-ready locomotives positioned around the network so that we can fire them up when they're needed and then put them back once we've gotten out of the situation. 
So it's really -- to your point, Walter, it's really back down to crews. Historically, we've had AWTS boards, alternative work and training service boards, where we would be able to have people not going to furlough but go into kind of a quasi-status where they're still getting paid, they're still getting resources from us, their benefits package in its entirety. And that allows us to call them back more quickly if something happens in a demand profile that we didn't expect. 
We need to get back to a place where we've got those kinds of resources available to us, and we're looking at all of those. But job one that we talked about, first and foremost, is making sure we get crew utilization and crew availability and total crewing right so that we can handle the volume we've got in front of us and the growth that's coming.

Walter, I'm an optimist. And I'm hopeful that the facts, which support what I just talked about, speak to the STB and we're effective at communicating that.

Kenny, you want to handle that?

I would guess, Kenny, given the growth that we're seeing first through Knight-Swift, then with Schneider and the continued growth of Hub, it's probably fair to say the ratio of privates versus EMP, UMAX on us grows towards the private side.

Well, why don't I start with the back half of that question, Brian, and then I'll turn it over to Eric on the front half in terms of some of the bumps in the night that you're planning for, that you're mitigating. So in terms of how to be more resilient and robust, there's a lot to that question. Some of it's our direct control. Some of it has to be in partnership with our customers. 
So what's in our direct control? We have to make sure that our jobs are more flexible and more attractive and easier to hire into. So one thing that we're in the middle of right now as an industry is trying to get to a place where 2 people in the cab of a locomotive are not mandated and negotiate with our union partners on moving one of those people onto the ground. 
That doesn't sound like much, but that one person on the ground can turn into a shift job and stay at home as they're doing their work. That's a huge lifestyle benefit to that person as opposed to going over the road, staying away from home and then coming back and being called at potentially all hours of the day. 
So that -- it's not obvious how that connects back into being more reliable, more resilient, more consistent, but there's an obvious connection from our perspective. There's other things like that, that are smaller that we need to do. I talked about AWTS and getting back to a place where we have, not excess manpower sitting around, but our labor force, our craft professionals are more flexible to go to where the work is and do the work when it's needed and still have an enhancement in their work-life balance. 
So there's a lot of work that we have to do with our unions on property and negotiation and national in negotiation, and then just in how we design our boards and our T Plan and our work overall. Eric, do you want to handle that first part?

Yes. Brian, I would just reiterate what our concerns are. It really boils down to 3 things that we think we need remedies for. The first is, for our customers to continue to enjoy the kind of access they have to and from Mexico, we need certainty on price that's competitive from the border into Mexico. We think about that like prop rates. 
Second, we need to maintain what we have today with the KCS, and that is fair treatment, equal treatment at the border crossings, on the bridge. 
And third, the KCS and CP have talked about a significant spike in converting truck to train and moving it on our trackage rights through Houston. Houston is a congested area. It's a -- it's not congested in a bad way. It's a high-volume area that requires a lot of attention. 
If you introduce another 8 or 10 trains a day into that network in a rapid period without having the capital in place first, it'll tilt Houston, and we can't accept that. So we want to make sure that, if they're going to execute that plan and it's going to increase the amount of train traffic through Houston, the capital is spent in advance so it doesn't crater Houston as a result.

Yes. Thank you, Allison. Kenny, you want to take that?

Let me start, and then I want to turn it over to Eric and Kenny to kind of add a bit more detail. But I want to, Jason, focus in on the partner side with railroad, what we need to depend on so that the network doesn't get overwhelmed. 
I'm in part in agreement with you that we are not yet in a place where labor and distribution centers and warehouses and dray truck companies is at a place where it could take an onslaught of significant volume in the international intermodal space so -- that we still need more hiring and more labor available in local truck companies and dray companies and in distribution centers. 
But Kenny and Eric, what about us?

Yes.

That's fair.

That's hard to nail down and give you a number right now. All I would say is we are concerned and deeply engaged with the STB to help them understand what reciprocal switching, we'll call it forced open access, could do and what it couldn't do. It is not a wholesale remedy to, for instance, remedy fix current supply chain problems, right? 
What forced open access would do is it would put switching in places where it isn't right now. It would increase dwell time on freight cars. And those are 2 things that we absolutely don't need. Now that's not to say that there can be a circumstance where it might make sense for somebody. And it already does exist in very limited areas where we've agreed with other railroads that a reciprocal switch is needed, or where the STB has mandated it through conditions on previous transactions. So we continue to work with the STB to help them understand our concerns, what -- how it could help, how it couldn't help, and then get to a place where, if there is action taken, it's sensible.

And Kenny, in that context, the heat of that market doesn't look like it did the last super strong cycle we had in places like the Permian and the Eagle Ford. There seems to be a little bit more discipline on capital spending, and they're slower in walking up production.

All right. Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for engaging with us this morning and for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in July to discuss our second quarter results. Until then, take care.