Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, in Omaha, practicing safe social distancing, are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we discuss our first quarter results, I want to acknowledge the dedication and hard work of our employees. During this COVID pandemic, the women and men of Union Pacific continue to connect American businesses and communities to each other and to the world, whether it's stocking a home pantry, supplying essential goods to health care providers or moving critical building blocks for U.S. industries, they're getting the job done, and they're not missing a beat. Their spirit shows up in so many ways. I see it in our health and medical team looking out for the safety of our employees, I see it in our operating team, moving the goods that make a difference in people's lives. And I see it in our leaders, helping us work together, staying on point and positioned for the future. Their dedication is inspirational and lays the foundation for better days ahead. Our rail network has never run better, and we continue to provide a safer, more reliable and more efficient service product to our customers. I am so very proud of the entire Union Pacific team. 
Moving on to our first quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific's reporting 2020 first quarter net income of $1.5 billion or $2.15 a share. This compares to $1.4 billion or $1.93 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 59%, a 4.6 percentage point improvement compared to the first quarter of 2019 and an all-time best quarterly OR. In addition to improving the efficiency of the railroad, we also made improvements in our safety results, which is always our top priority. For the quarter, our employee safety results improved 11% versus 2019. We also made progress in fuel consumption rate during the quarter. This reduces our fuel expense, while also reducing our carbon footprint and the carbon footprint of our customers, which is a step in our commitment to address global warming. 
As I turn it over to the rest of the team, you're going to hear how our first quarter results have further strengthened Union Pacific to navigate the uncertainties that lie ahead. We'll start with Jim and an operations update.

Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We made good progress on safety in the first quarter, and I expect continued improvement. From a service and efficiency perspective, I am so thankful that we went through the tough process of implementing the Unified Plan 2020 over the last 18 months. That work has put us in a position of great strength to deal with the future. When the time arrives, where COVID-19 is largely behind us, Union Pacific will be well positioned for long-term growth and excellent returns. 
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Brian, this is Lance. I just want to add. It's really simple to think about. If in this quarter, as we anticipate volumes are up something like 25%, you got to take something like 25% of your activity out of the railroad to match before we start talking about incremental productivity. So the basis for which you're going to create productivity gets very, very difficult when you take an order of magnitude change like that. On the opposite side, if you're growing 3%, 4%, 5%, it gives you all the opportunity not to add resources in, and you can count that all as productivity.

So Chris, this is Lance. Let me step that back up and come up to a higher level of depth and length of our downturn. So we're learning every week a little bit more about the dynamics of how deep it might be and how long it might be. It's still very unclear and the goalposts are pretty broad, right, that you can hear very well-educated, deeply experienced economists that still think about a V recovery. You hear about W recoveries, U recoveries, a slow hockey-stick ramp up. I think our collective belief at this point is it's sharp and deep. It's going to last for a while, and recovery is going to be some kind of ramp but probably not terribly steep. And so we're looking for those markers. And nothing would please me more than to be wrong about this 25%-ish and see sometime in the second quarter that we're starting to see demand firm and our supply chains reflect it. But it's a -- there's a lot that needs to happen between here and there.

No. I don't think we're saying that specifically. I think what we're saying is with such an abrupt downturn and the depth of it, productivity is going to be harder to come by. So for instance, it's very unlikely and it would be unreasonable to think about the second quarter in the $200 million order of magnitude like we saw in the first quarter. But I don't think a reasonable expectation is no productivity. I wouldn't expect that from us.

Well, part of what we're making that commentary on is reflective of how we're planning for the second quarter. So we tend to be pretty conservative. There's a lot of unknowns. I don't think we know enough yet to know what's left to deteriorate in the demand economy versus how that's going to be offset by recovery. So there's just a lot of moving parts. And I think a 25%-ish is a good marker for us to plan our activity around. We've mentioned it to you as a result, and we'll hope for better. 
Kenny?

I'm sorry, Ken, you broke up.

And Jim, there's something we don't talk a lot about. There's 2 ways to look at our stored locomotives. There's locomotives that are stored and intended to be stored for a while. That is we don't anticipate their need in the next week, 2, month. And then Jim's got other locomotives that we store in a status called at-the-ready. And at-the-ready are literally ready to be pulled out and put back into service on a moment's notice. And so that mix is changing every day but the at-the-readies allow us to react to business upturn, which we hope we see, and we hope it's a strong V. That would be great.

Absolutely. We're looking forward to when our markets start returning to normal because the -- to Jennifer's point, the first quarter is an absolute proof statement of what we're capable of doing.

Tom, part of your question also kind of is contemplating, again, depth and length of this downturn. And that's what makes our decisions the most difficult right now. So right now, what we've got is decisions that we've made about resources like our ops boards, so that some part of our furloughed crews are more accessible to us quickly. We've talked about at-the-ready locomotives. We've taken an action here on our nonagreement workforce. And instead of taking a large-scale of permanent force reduction, we thought for this period of time, it's more prudent to ask our nonagreement workforce to take required unpaid leave of absence, a week, a month, for 4 months. All of those actions are with an eye towards recovery is going to occur. We need to be ready for it. We need to be ready for whatever shape it takes. And still do what's prudent in the current environment. We think we got that balance.

Sure. Let me start, and Kenny will give it some fine points. Parts of our pricing philosophy, the core pricing philosophy is unchanged, and that's about having to generate a return on whatever piece of business we secure and making sure that our price reflects our value. What's cool about having fundamentally shifted our cost structure is that it opens up more markets to us. Clearly, trucks are very competitive in a loose market like what we've got right now. There's going to be elements of truck competitive business that make no sense for us to pursue because somebody in the trucking world is willing to take it just to generate enough cash to survive. But our cost structure opens up a broader segment of that market to compete and win and generate an attractive return, and we're doing that.

I'll start, Ravi. This is Lance. So the short answer is, it's always easier for us to get productivity in a growing environment than in a shrinking environment. We've proven we can get it in a shrinking environment. When you shrink at 25%, it gets really, really difficult. It doesn't go to 0%, but it just gets pretty difficult. 
In terms of PSR and fat, clearly, at 59% operating ratio, there's less easy opportunity than there was at 69% operating ratio. But there's still opportunity. And Jim's outlined many of them.

That's a great question, Ravi. And for sure, there are going to be some opportunities that grow out of this crisis. One is we do hear our customers talking about evaluating their supply chains with an eye towards reliability being valued a little bit higher. That means near-shoring or on-shoring some of those supply chains. And that would be a good thing for us, generally speaking. We haven't necessarily seen that happen. I think it's way too early. I don't think you're going to see wholesale investment happen until suppliers, the industry starts becoming more confident in the demand side. But clearly, I think we're going to see that. And that will benefit Mexico, it will benefit our to-and-from Mexico business, and it will probably benefit our inside the United States business as well.

Well, if you're thinking about relative basis and for that, you're talking about margin by commodity or product line, we like them all. And we've talked about how we've done a lot of work to fundamentally improve the intermodal margins to a point where we'd love to see that grow like anything else. But this mix that you saw here has a lot to do with the fact that we're getting $1,200 a box for every move of intermodal versus $2,500 or $3,000 for a carload box. Jennifer?

Yes. The first claim goes to keeping the railroad running and running well.

Let me start, Jim?

And then I'll turn it over to you. So on the e-commerce question, clearly, we're seeing e-commerce continue to penetrate in retail. We think that changes the opportunity. We don't think it decreases the opportunity. The change is supply chains. We still have a need to get from bulk to distribution site. Clearly, we're not part of a hours or 1-day delivery, but we don't have to be. What we have to be is part of the supply chain that gets product to the forward distribution site that can fulfill like that. And we are, and we continue to do that. So we -- what it really says is we need to have our eyes wide open on the winners in that world and align well with them. 
And then I'll let Jim answer the question on resources and bringing them back.

Yes, let me get started, and I know Jennifer has been thinking about this a lot. We did look backwards into the last recession, the Great Recession, and looked at our variable versus fixed at that time, what we communicated to the world and what we actually executed. And we did a better job through the recession than we thought based on what we thought was variable and fixed at that time. I can tell you, going into this downturn, we're even more agile and flexible than we were in the last downturn.

And Jordan, Jennifer, I think the critical difference is speed of decision-making and speed of implementation. That's fundamentally different today and a benefit.

Jim, a little bit of the -- whatever the number was, 64%, 65% in the first quarter was self-inflicted. You mentioned on the call that we had a little noise around our change in Fort Worth at Davidson Yard where you stopped humping at Davidson. And that impacted that to a degree for probably 6 weeks. So I would expect, to your point, we're growing that number to start with a 7.

Yes. Right.

And we love that business.

We love that.

A hell of a little rumor.

Thank you very much, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. Thank you for participating with us this morning and for doing what you need to do to keep yourselves and your families, your loved ones safe and healthy. We look forward to talking with you again in July to discuss our second quarter 2020 results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Take care.