And thank you, Rob. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, Chief Financial Officer.
As I'm sure you all saw on Tuesday, we announced a transition that will take place in our operating department. Jim Vena will be transitioning his responsibilities over to Eric Gehringer at the beginning of the year, while staying on until the end of June as a senior adviser. I'm excited to have Eric lead our operating department into the future. Eric has a track record of success at our company and will push the team to continue to think boldly as we pursue operational excellence. I want to express my deep appreciation to Jim for the leadership he brought to Union Pacific. Jim accomplished everything I could have hoped for and more. He brought a level of expertise and speed of decision-making that has been critical to our transformation. I'm very pleased that he's going to continue working closely with Eric and the rest of the team over the next several months to guide us through a smooth transition, while seeing some key projects to completion. Thank you very much, Jim.
Before discussing our third quarter results, I want to acknowledge the work of our dedicated employees. As we continue to operate our railroad through the pandemic, the women and men of Union Pacific are doing an excellent job keeping themselves and their families safe. As a result, they are able to provide our customers with a service product that is fluid and uninterrupted. Our rail network continues to operate at a very high level, reflecting the talent, commitment and resilience of our Union Pacific team.
Moving to third quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2020 third quarter net income of $1.4 billion, or $2.01 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.22 per share in the third quarter of 2019. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 58.7%, an all-time quarterly record and an 80 basis point improvement compared to the third quarter of 2019, despite moving 4% fewer carloads. Our third quarter results represent another step in our company's transformation. We demonstrated our ability to adjust to a sharp rebound in volume, while continuing to provide a safe, efficient and reliable service product to our customers. The results we are delivering, both operationally and financially, deepen our conviction that the changes we're making to transform our railroad are on track and on target.
So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim to provide an operations update.

Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We have a continuous focus on improvement and I'm confident the team has the right plan and is taking the right actions to make Union Pacific a safer railroad going forward. Our service and financial results demonstrate the transformation of our company, we are a more efficient and a more reliable railroad that is driving value for our customers on the way to achieving operational excellence. Our enhanced service product, coupled with a lower cost structure and innovative new services is opening up new markets and opportunities with our customers. And as you heard from Kenny today, the team is winning. By converting more business to rail, our customers are reducing their carbon footprint to the tune of an estimated 16 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions so far this year, as we move together toward a more sustainable future. Our optimism for the future has never been greater as Union Pacific is well positioned for a future of long-term growth and excellent returns. 
So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.

Jim, you want to talk about the expense side, and then we'll convert it to the go-forward margins?

Yes, and building up that, Ken, from an incremental margin or go forward margin perspective, of course, we continue to expect that we're going to improve our margins. The capital investments that Jim just outlined are going to be a support. And we're also looking, with Kenny's team, at an end-to-end view of our intermodal product, whether it's international intermodal or domestic intermodal. And those both give us an opportunity to margin up, whether it's by efficiency in the chain or an opportunity for better pricing.

Yes, I'll start and ask Jennifer to back me up, Allison, this is Lance. So the moving parts as we look into next year, we do expect volumes to be better. Of course, it won't be hard to do that against the pandemic. And it's hard for us to gauge exactly how much better. But that will be a help. Productivity is going to continue. That will be a help. We haven't nailed down that target, but it's going to be healthy. And we've got plenty of initiatives moving into next year that we'll keep a shoulder into.
Mix is a real big question mark. I don't see much reason to change our current mix experience until the industrial economy really starts recovering a little bit quicker and with more strength than we've seen so far post our trough in May. So that's the biggest question mark, I think, that will dictate just how much margin improvement we are able to attain next year. Jennifer?

Kenny?

Yes. So Jason, this is Lance. I get what you're asking. So part of what we're seeing in domestic strength is a restocking because we can see that in the data as well, right? Inventory is relatively down. Sales are up and the inventory sales ratio is below where, I think, retailers traditionally would like it to be. So as we look into next year, some amount of that destocking probably drops off a bit. It's hard to say just exactly what happens in impact on mix and overall arc as that's occurring.
One thing that is likely to occur as we go into next year would be the surcharges dropping off in the L.A. Basin and up in the PNW, but those are really asterisks right now in terms of the overall yield that we're reporting. They're helpful, but very marginal.

And that parcel business is very attractive to us.

Yes, Brandon, thank you, and that's a great series of questions. So the fundamental difference today versus 10 years ago is our service product is much, much better. It's much more reliable. We're actually doing what we say we're going to do. And we can see that very clearly in our KPIs when we break out the premium, the intermodal and automotive car trip plan compliance. And over 10 years, that metric has actually gotten harder to achieve. So we're measuring ourselves through a harder metric, and it's much higher in terms of absolute performance. Customers experience that. So the item #1 is, we're positioned to be able to win business.
Item #2 is, we are not monolithic in terms of our focus. 
We want to grow. We know that growth, volume is going to be a really important lever as we continue to improve our operating ratio going forward and so is price and so is efficiency. And we think we can achieve all at the same time.
And item #3, Brandon, a little bit of a proof statement that has been completely masked by the pandemic and its impact on the economy is in the last bid cycle, in the last bid season, we were successful at winning business. We increased our penetration through the BCO cycle on their bid season, and Kenny mentioned one, we increased our exposure in the parcel world, and we've done it across a number of other retailers.
So as we look forward, Brandon, you've got it exactly right. We are positioned to be able to grow, and we're holding ourselves accountable for greater growth than we've experienced in the last 10 years. We should be able to achieve that.

Sure. I'll take that after Jennifer.

Yes. And Scott, your question on what did I mean by end-to-end in the domestic intermodal world? That's not an announcement of us going retail. So let me be crystal clear about that. But it is an indication that -- and a recognition that the service product that wins in the marketplace looks transparent to a customer from end-to-end, and needs to be simplified and much easier to deal with. And we are working with our IMCs and our significant IMC partners to make that happen. And that needs to look like one point of contact, consistency across the entire supply chain. And there's just a whole lot of work that's going into that, that I wanted to make sure wasn't lost in this call.

Yes. Amit, this is Lance. So we're not disappointed at all with our incremental margins in the quarter, and we also think there's continued opportunity to be even better than that.

And Ravi, let me touch base on your margin question, right? Because you had a question about what's going to happen to margins on intermodal product as you look forward? In the long run and in the intermediate run. What Jim just outlined is a big driver of the margin on that product line, which is the efficiency of the service product and its service reliability. That sets us up for pricing through Kenny. And our expectation with all of our product lines is that, over time, we're going to continue to have an opportunity to improve its margin. So I don't look forward and get a concern as volume grows that costs are going to overrun some other aspect of that product. We're in great shape.

They've got like furniture, appliances...

Oh, 100%, Cherilyn. And we're actively working that with every other Class I railroad partner, of course, excluding BNSF, there's really not much opportunity to do that with them. But whether you think about it in the context of -- historically, there's this watershed area. And for us, that typically is along the Mississippi River, where, if there's an origination on my side of the river, it's short haul for me to get it to an Eastern carrier. And a lot of times, historically, that's not looked terribly attractive. 
But when we're all thinking about our business the same way now and we're all eager to grow with our excellent service product, we're all starting to think about just because it's a short-haul on my side, if it generates an attractive relationship with the customer, it gets more railroad penetration and there's opportunity on their side of the river to originate for us, we're making those trades. And we're not doing it historically like we might have where in order to make the move attractive for me, I'm going to move it out a route and put it to a gateway where it doesn't make sense. So I get a little length of haul. That's not happening anymore, right? We're all thinking very clearly about best overall route structure. What's the price it takes to win? Is that attractive in total? And if it is, let's do it. And doing it collectively.

Amen. A lot of opportunity there, Cherilyn.

Yes. Great question, David. And I want to also be clear, I didn't say that at some point in the future, retail isn't the answer. I just wanted to make sure nobody thought I was announcing a new product on our call. So technology plays a really big role in what you were just talking about. What you're talking about, David, is fundamentally ease of doing business and removing blockages that keep customers from using the rail intermodal product. 
And to your point, Kenny has mentioned this before, ITR. One of those can be if you schedule a truck, when you bid for a truck, you can get it scheduled at the time you want it, where you want it and be very confident that it's going to show up for you to load or to empty. We're reflecting the same kind of thing through ITR. ITR is basically a reservation system that allows domestic intermodal customers to know, hey, I want to move this container from here to there and, A, do you have availability on the day I want it? If the answer is yes, I'm booked, and I know I got it. If the answer is no, I know when I can get it. And if it doesn't match my needs, it doesn't match my needs. But at least I have clarity, and I don't make an assumption and then get angry when it doesn't happen. So that's one small example.
We're also making it much easier for dray drivers when they come on to the ramp with UPGo to be able to get through the gate quickly, know exactly where to park, where to drop off and where to pick up and go. So they're getting a lot of help that way. We're helping the BCOs also by making sure we're tracking down chassis and keeping them productive in our terminal areas, right? Sometimes chassis get off property and they get lost or used for very different purposes that aren't bringing business to and from the railroad. So there's just hundreds of different activity items in there that ultimately lead to a better customer experience. That's what I mean by that end-to-end experience.
Kenny, you got anything else for that?

That's a great question, right? And part of that is, yes, we can continue to be better and better. As we're rebuilding G4, we're introducing wide span gantry cranes there. That will be part of being able to get a box on and off a well quickly. Part of that also, though, is making sure we have visibility deeper into the supply chain. Right now, if stuff shows up with very little advanced notice, it's hard to realign our rail resources to handle it.
To the extent we can get a week or even 2, we can realign our resources pretty quickly. That gets back to ITR. ITR is most effective when a maximum number of customers are using it, and they're using it as far out as they can. And we're working really hard with our customer base to get that to be kind of normalized behavior.

I'll take CapEx. Jennifer, from a project perspective, there's nothing big that's unusual on the horizon, we're sticking with our guidance, Jennifer?

Well, and one thing that we haven't talked about on this call is our new CIO coming over, starting at the beginning of November. And technology, we've talked about throughout the call, is an important element of our overall service product and ability to grow and win business, and I'm sure he's going to have a help, and we'll also have some capital elements, but I don't think it will be an unusually high spend.

He asked about parcel.

How is the parcel biz and...

Yes. Allison, we think more sooner, better. That's what Kenny hears all the time.

Thank you again, Rob, and thanks, everyone, for the questions. It was a really good session today. I want to thank Jim, again. I'm so pleased we've got him for as long as we do. We're going to put him to good use over the next 8 months. And we look forward to talking with all of you again in January to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Please take care of yourself and take care. Thank you.