Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Jim Vena, our new Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Tom Lischer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer.
This morning, Union Pacific is reporting record 2018 fourth quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.12 per share. This represents an increase of 29% in net income and 39% in earnings per share when compared to adjusted results for 2017. Total volume increased 3% in the quarter compared to last year. Industrial and premium carloadings grew 6% and 9%, respectively, while Agricultural products declined 2% and Energy volumes were down 9%. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 61.6%, which improved 1.1 percentage points compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Strong top line growth and improved operating performance drove the year-over-year improvement during the quarter. 
We launched the Unified Plan 2020 on October 1 of last year to help drive improved safety, service and operations. And I'm pleased to report that we're ahead of our initial schedule and seeing meaningful gains in on-time performance, productivity and financial results. The network design changes we implemented over the past few months have already had a measurable impact. 
We've eliminated the excess network cost that we previously discussed. Cost savings are being realized by parking excess freight cars and locomotives, by cycling cars faster in our network and by reducing the size of our workforce. We're seeing steady improvement in the key performance indicators we use to gauge progress. As a result, we announced late last year that we're accelerating implementation of Unified Plan 2020, which we now expect to be complete by the middle of the year. 
Shortly, you'll hear from the team on our fourth quarter results and the status of the Unified Plan 2020 initiative. But first, I'd like to introduce Jim Vena, an old friend, who we just appointed Chief Operating Officer effective last week. Jim's leadership abilities and accomplishments over a 40-year career at Canadian National Railway are well known in the rail industry. Jim will have full authority over all aspects of Union Pacific's operations to implement Precision Scheduled Railroading principles as he leads the next stages of our Unified Plan 2020. We're fortunate to have him as the newest member of our leadership team.
I'll now turn it over to Jim for a few remarks.

Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered record fourth quarter financial results, driven by strong volumes, solid top line revenue growth and improved operating performance. Looking ahead to 2019, we're going to build on the momentum achieved during the past quarter as we continue implementation of Unified Plan 2020 under the guidance of a leader with extensive Precision Scheduled Railroad experience. 
We'll continue to pursue other "G55 + 0" initiatives as well as we make further gains in safety, service and efficiency. We're optimistic that the economy, the strength of our diverse rail network and improved service performance will drive positive volume growth this year and provide further price improvement opportunity. 
We remain focused on increasing shareholder returns by making appropriate capital investments and returning excess cash to shareholders through growing dividends and share repurchases. I am confident that we have the right organization in place, with an appropriate mix of UP veterans and new thought leaders, to achieve our goals for the year.
With that, let's open up the line for your questions.

I'll start it out, and then I'd like to turn it over to Jim for his perspective and then Tom as well. So the bottom line is we're focused on implementing the principles through Unified Plan 2020 on our railroad. And we see lots of opportunity to improve our car dwell, to decrease inventory, to improve cars per carload, to improve labor productivity across the board. We have benchmarked other railroads that implemented Precision Scheduled Railroading. And with puts and takes, we understand what they're achieving. And some of them are setting up some pretty strong benchmarks for us to pursue. But our focus is getting the efficiencies and the improvement here. Jim?

Brian, this is Lance. So you're absolutely right. The STB has expressed interest in understanding our implementation of Precision Scheduled Railroading in the form of Unified Plan 2020 and also our approach to customers and helping them change behavior. We've been crystal clear with the STB in terms of what our efforts are, what our approach is and what the endgame is. And I'll leave it to Kenny to dive a little deeper. He has done a tremendous job being in front of the STB, explaining what we're doing, and then being in front of our customers, explaining what we're doing and why. Now I'll touch just one last base, and that is there are incremental members of the STB being named and now sworn in. And the STB has a very big docket in front of it of proposed rule changes. So we're working very diligently to help the STB members understand, from our perspective, the potential impacts of some of what has been proposed, what better alternatives exist and helping them work through that docket in a good, swift logical fashion. So Kenny?

Kenny?

Yes. I want to circle back, Chris, on overall volumes. So if you look around the globe, you can certainly find spots that cause you concern, right? Europe's slowing down. You can even read some reports that maybe it's ebbing into negative growth territory. Clearly, we've got trade potential impacts with China, both real now and future potential. So those are clear overhangs that we're keeping an eye on. Having said that, we have touched base with our customers and continue to do so. And as we look at the economic indicators in the United States, we still see support for what we consider low single-digit volume growth. And we're poised to be agile if that doesn't happen, but it feels like the U.S. continues to plug along. And so we're prepared for that.

Rob?

Yes. You've seen the numbers, whether it's year-over-year or what we talked about middle of the year to now, locomotives, year-over-year, that number is down 1,200. A number like that from peak to now is down about a couple of thousand. I mean, we are entering the year on pretty good front-forward posture.

Yes. And Kenny, those conversations haven't been easy, right? So customers aren't just immediately embracing the conversations you're having with them. But your team is doing a tremendous job helping them understand how they can change their operating processes so that they receive better service net-net overall.

Amen, Jim. Ken, I think you shouldn't read too much into -- and I've said this over and over. When I talk precision scheduled railroad principles, it's Precision Scheduled Railroading. It's all the things that build it done the UP way, which just means at right speed, engaged with customers. And you're seeing how we implement it in full. So it's not like a piece here, a piece there, and I think we've been crystal clear about that as well.

Hey, Tom, this is Lance. So I'll start in outlining for everybody on the call our process of adjusting our transportation plan, which Tom mentioned in his comments, and then give it over to Jim and Tom to add detail. So recall, Tom was talking about the Mid-American Corridor, 160 T-Plan changes. In the Phase 2, 200. And we're just launching on Phase 3. So that is -- those changes are exactly what you're talking about, Tom. That's about balancing the network. It's about blending. It's about taking what used to maybe be a unit train, but it wasn't efficient as a unit train and turning it into manifest and blending those networks. And then also looking for opportunities to knock off train starts, which ultimately ends up being a productivity tool for crew utilization. So all that -- Phase 1 is under way. The process has been for us to bring in from the field the individuals who have to execute the work. We hold them accountable for designing a T-Plan that is highly reliable and efficient, and then they work with our network planning team to make it real. So that's how Phase 1 happened, the Phase 2 happened, it's how Phase 3 is going to happen this coming week. And a little more technicolor, Jim or Tom.

Tom, do you want to give a little commentary kind of qualitatively on what's happening with train starts?

Yes, and you see it across the board, Tom. So we're finding opportunity to take manifest train starts down because we're finding opportunity where we have 4 starts between terminals and we really only need 2. And then we're also finding opportunity where we used to run a bulk train once every 2 weeks, and we're just sucking those cars into the manifest network. So we're not going to up that bulk train start and growing train size in the manifest network. We're seeing all of that, and there's lots and lots of opportunity to continue.

Ravi, let's be really crystal clear. Phase 1 of implementing this whole thing, when we're doing that in 3 phases, that will be done by mid-summer. This is an evergreen, right? So it's not like one and done, and then we live with that T-Plan and it's set in stone. This is a relentless pursuit of efficiency and enhanced reliability on our service product to customers. And we're never done. So my expectation of Jim is that you're going to be after it with the team with Tom and Lynden and Kenny forever. For -- it's an evergreen process, Ravi.

Kenny?

And I want to add a little bit to that, Matt. So saying that we're deliberately trying to move mix with price is -- that's probably not precisely accurate. Saying sometimes that happens because when Kenny's team is pushing and trying to get as much as they can for the value that we're delivering, sometimes they break business. And when that happens, it can affect mix. And that -- I don't doubt that has happened historically, and I don't doubt it's going to continue to happen.

So I'm going to start by saying I'm not sure I'm going to buy into the premise of the question. I'll say Jim can talk perfectly about the experience at CN, kind of the mother ship of the concept. And that happened over a fairly long period of time and continues to happen. So Jim, why don't you share those perspectives with us?

Absolutely. And I want to come back to maybe one of the fundamental differences, maybe not, of how we're going about it. And that is Kenny has talked over and over about being in front of the customer, making sure they know what we're up to. That doesn't mean that the conversation goes smoothly and comfortably, but it means that they know. And the endgame is we want them to understand what we're doing, what it takes to fit well in this newly designed network, what those behaviors look like so that the service to them is highly efficient, highly reliable and consistent, which is the endgame. That's what they want. And so maybe that's a stylistic change. It doesn't slow us up, but it does change I think how the customer perceives what's going on.

So far, it hasn't, and that's not our objective. Right now, we're making pretty radical changes. And I'm sure you can find some number of customers at UP who could tell you that they're not real happy because we fundamentally changed the service product. Broadly speaking, the network's providing a better service product to most of our customers, and that's our intent.

It's because we have a lot of locomotives in storage right now. We just don't need to add to the fleet. I will remind you, we did say that we're going to continue to modernize some of our heavily used units in the fleet, and that's for an eye towards improving reliability. Reliability of the fleet is really critical as we continue to grind efficiency on the resource.

Well, I'll let the guy doing it speak to that.

That's exactly right, Jim.

Yes. You've seen our organizational change when we added Jim into the team. And what we did was we took a great team and we made it all that much better, which is why you're hearing confidence from us in terms of what we're going to accomplish in 2019 and beyond. And I'll tell you that we have good robust dissent debate, right, about what should we do in this situation. And the endgame is putting a filter on what does it take to be the safest, best service product which is most reliable and consistent and most efficient railroad in North America. And those are the decisions that we're going to make. So yes, we fight about it. And usually, it's a fight about which is going to get us faster, which is going to get us more, which is the better path, not should we even take this path.

Yes. Thank you for the question, Brandon. So the way we think about it is our Unified Plan 2020 is all about consistent, reliable service, better service, which our customers are starting to see and we're going to grow on that. And the most efficient service, generating the best returns because we do think we should be in the lead or with the leaders of the pack in that sense. I anticipate that customer service product, coupled with the work that Lynden's team and IT have been doing with sales and marketing on the experience and targeted technology investments towards an enhanced customer experience, that makes us more attractive than competition in the marketplace, whether it's truck or another railroad. So I do think, over time, we should have growth opportunity that presents itself to us that we don't have right now. But that's yet to be seen. That's the strategy, and we're intent on pulling that off on implementing that.

Well, thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in April and going over what our progress is at that point.