In our acute care segment, our ambulatory care development continued in 2021. We currently have 18 operational, freestanding emergency departments and partnerships with national third-party entities for further development of ambulatory surgery centers and home health operations in our existing markets. In conjunction with our ongoing development of primary care physician networks, these initiatives are meant to create a more fulsome care delivery system in each of our markets.  
Our new hospital in Reno, scheduled to open soon, will enhance our statewide presence in Nevada. Bed tower projects, adding new capacities to hospitals in important markets, are underway at Edinburg Regional Medical Center in South Texas, Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas and Inland Valley Medical Center in California. Planning is also underway on new acute care hospitals in west Henderson, Nevada and Palm Beach Gardens in Florida.  
In our behavioral segment, 2 new de novo joint venture hospitals opened in 2021 in Clive, Iowa and Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Two more new hospitals have opened already in 2022 in Michigan, which is a partnership with Beaumont Health and Wisconsin. And another is scheduled to open later in the year in Arizona in partnership with HonorHealth. These de novo developments, along with an increased focus on outpatient development and telemedicine in our existing markets is meant to also build out a more fulsome continuum of care in the behavioral segment as well.

I'll just make the point. I mean we're very comfortable with that if the stock remains undervalued. And that's the calculation that we've made. So depending on where the stock is, this, we believe, is the right amount at this time, certainly at this level of our share price.

Well, I think it's -- I mean, there's a lot of areas that we're looking at. Specifically freestanding emergency departments, we have had a lot of success with that. And we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities on the FED that I think are going to be very positive as a stand-alone business as well as what they can refer into the acute care hospitals. 
On top of that, we're doing a lot more work with physician clinics, and again, being able to open and drive business from those clinics in some part to the hospitals. And we see a lot of opportunity in a number of our markets. We had a significant acquisition in California earlier, I guess, a few months ago with a large physician group, which we have been working with for many years. But acquiring them now and just increasing the synergies and the things that we're able to do with them as an owner of the practice, that's been a little bit enlightening to us. And so we're looking for more opportunities there.
In addition to that, I would say the traditional outpatient radiology services as well as surgical hospitals, it's been a little bit tougher for us to get deals that we like on the ASC front. But we are currently evaluating probably in all -- or just about all of our acute care markets right now. We've partnered with a large surgery center company to do that for the last couple of years. And so I think we're going to gain more traction with that as we go forward in the next 3 to 4 quarters, certainly.

Yes. I mean as far as I look at it -- look, it's definitely a trend. It's definitely something that we're very cognizant of as far as the desire to move certain business out of the inpatient setting to outpatient. And that's driven by the insurers and -- for a number of reasons. I'm not sure I'd categorize it the way you said, but I do think we have great opportunities to not only partner and create new outpatient surgery center businesses that are advantageous on their own but also to decamp some of the business that is taking up space in our inpatient settings and then have higher acuity, higher paying business replace that lower-end outpatient business.

Yes. I mean -- well, I'll start with the portfolio review. I mean we do that all the time. And I'll tell you, we've really done that during the last 2 years during COVID. And to your point, we have scaled down a few places, some operations, a couple of leased facilities and a couple of others where we just saw the changes in those markets. They weren't big players in the portfolio, and we've jettisoned them. So we continue to look to pare down, if possible. While at the same time, we're doing a lot to grow the division as well. So we're trying to always improve the assets. 
One of the comments I'll make is our JV opportunities on the behavioral side continue to be robust. And I wanted to just make the point on that. All JV opportunities and all JV partners are not created equal. So there are a lot of JV opportunities, situations that we look at, that we pass on that others do, because we just don't see the merit long term. If you notice the ones that we do, for the most part, are recognizable, nationally known names or they're very strong regional players. And that's purposely done. So we're very excited. 
When you say what could we offer as far as getting you all excited, we -- and Steve has already mentioned this. But with the demand being where it is, we're very excited that when we get the staffing stabilized -- and it is stabilizing and it will continue to stabilize throughout this year. We should be able to pop because we know we track every week. We're talking very specifically about which beds are closed due to staffing, due to COVID. And as we see that start to turn, and it's already starting to turn, that's all upside for us. 
In regards to Cygnet, Cygnet has really been a terrific hedge for us. They are growing. There are a number -- I speak with them very often, weekly, in fact. Our team over there is very strong. They're competing quite well against historical, in fact, larger players in that market. We're competing much, much better than we have in the past. Others are having some hiccups.
So we're very excited. The list of opportunities just in the U.K. is incredibly impressive. And along with that, we will look at things outside the U.K. if they present and we think they make sense. But right now, we have a number of areas just within the U.K. that we think we can add beds, either to existing facilities or some new facilities. And our relationship with the NHS has never been stronger. So we're quite positive about that business and where it's going to go going forward.