It's -- Steve, it's well agreed that COVID has had a very detrimental effect on general mental health. Number of suicides, number of depression, alcoholism has all gone up. And as the COVID-19 gets better treatment, which we'll see in the future, I think we're going to see a volume of these patients come to the hospitals, which they have been avoiding now because of the COVID-19 threat.

We have always been conservative. We've never had or sought to have a problem with regard to funding. And that's the case at the moment. So that will continue. That will always be Universal. I mean, we will be prudent with regard to our cash and our cash expenditures.

Yes. I mean, I think, that at this point, we're still going through forensic audit to make sure we understand exactly what happened here. We have a robust security apparatus here. And even with that, we did get hit. We are reviewing everything having to do with our cybersecurity. We've got a very strong internal cyber team, and then we work with various external partners, some of which are nationally known names that others work with as well. So we're reviewing all aspects at this point, and we have not made any determinations as of yet as to how we might want to spend dollars either differently or enhance our spend. But we will be continuing to review this to make sure that we are as secure as possible going forward.

Yes. I mean, we're certainly watching what's happening with our colleagues. I think, at our hospitals, we try to pride ourselves on having open lines of communication and making sure that our employees understand what our thought -- what our thinking is for the decisions that we're making. So as far as we're concerned, I think we're in a good position right now. I do think that there are some cost pressures on the labor side, where some systems that are struggling are throwing dollars at this. And so you do see anecdotally in certain specific areas where you have some people jumping for a couple of bucks here and there. But as far as labor strike and some of the other things, we've been fortunate that I think that because of the way we manage and communicate with our employees, thus far, we've been able to avoid some of the things that we see happening at some of our competitor facilities.