No. You can go ahead, Steve.

And I would just add to what Steve said, we have been dealing with certain staffing issues for a while now. We are taking new and different actions to try to combat some of this with just improvement in some of our internal processes that we think and we have confidence will have a different outcome for us going forward.
So when the specific markets ease up a little bit, we will be probably more ready maybe than we've been in the past to capitalize on that by improving operationally some of the things that we're doing to attract staff, keep staff and so on.

Yes. I'll answer that, A.J. It's Marc. We continue to look at deals on both sides. I would not categorize it as likely because we're in the middle of a lot of this investigation, but there are. And it seems like there is a little bit more activity happening right now on both sides. So I'm always optimistic that we're going to hit on something, but hard to say likely at this point.

Do you want me to go on that, Steve?

Okay. So when we're looking at any deal, I mean you're mentioning one particular one. But when we look at any deal, it's fairly consistent as far as our approach goes. I mean if we think that the possible acquisition has merit, we're obviously going to do our diligence to figure out pricing and what we're comfortable at. And there are a lot of factors that go into it, which I won't go into everything here. But certainly, an asset on the behavioral side, we would consider the markets where the seller is already doing business and how that overlaps with our markets. And that will play a big part in determining how interested we are.
So same thing on the acute care side. If we see something on acute, we would actually probably be more interested if there were synergies in markets where we already play as long as we didn't have FTC issues because we could build up our markets a little more. It's different on the behavioral side. But that consideration is a big one for us. And then obviously, the pricing and who else is in the market competing against us. 
So we continue to look at a couple of different opportunities on the BH side. And when it all comes to fruition, we'll -- you'll certainly know about that.