During the third quarter, we experienced a decrease in the number of patients with a COVID diagnosis treated in our hospitals as compared to the prior year quarter. As a percentage of total admissions, COVID-diagnosed patients made up 16% of our admissions in the third quarter of 2021, but only 6% of our admissions in the third quarter of 2022.  
In our acute segment, this decline in COVID patients resulted in reduced revenues due to the lower acuity and less of the incremental government reimbursement associated with COVID patients. While overall surgical volumes tended to recover to pre-pandemic levels, there was a measurable shift from inpatient to outpatient, resulting in further overall revenue softness. And while we were able to continue to reduce the amount of premium pay in the quarter, which declined from $117 million in the second quarter to $81 million in the third quarter. There was insufficient revenue growth to offset the accelerated rate of wage increases and other inflationary pressures.  
The $25 million we received in quality incentive fund payments in Texas helped to narrow the gap, leading to an acute EBITDA result in the third -- in the quarter, only slightly below our internal forecasts. At the same time, this decline in COVID activity allowed our behavioral hospitals to continue to reduce their labor vacancies, resulting in a reduction of the capping of bed capacity.  
The effect of increased volumes, combined with solid pricing increases largely offset higher labor costs, leading to a behavioral EBITDA result in the quarter, slightly below our internal forecasts.

Yesterday morning, we announced the appointment of Eddie Sim to Executive Vice President and President, Acute Care division, succeeding Marvin Pember, who has announced his intention to retire. Eddie, who brings nearly 30 years of health care and leadership experience, most recently served as Chief Operating Officer at Centura Health in Denver, Colorado, where he led the system's 3 operating groups clinical delivery and shared services, with annual revenues of approximately $5 billion.  
In this role, he was responsible for supporting improved care coordination, operational and clinical excellence and alignment across insurers' ecosystem of 19 facilities and more than 250 clinics. Prior to joining Centura Health, Eddie served in senior leadership roles of increasing responsibility for 11 years at Baptist Health in Jacksonville, Florida. As President of Physician Integration there, he was responsible for an employee physician network of 380 physicians and a clinically integrated network with more than 900 physicians.  
As we look forward to Eddie joining the company in early December, we thank Marvin for his 11 years of service to UHS. Under Marvin's leadership, our acute care division has experienced robust growth and expansion in key markets as well as achieved a significant number of industry accolades and public recognition for quality and service. Marvin will remain with the organization for a transition period following Eddie's start with us on December 5. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.