Our first quarter 2022 operating results were behind our internal forecasts, and our internal forecasts were below the consensus estimates. The primary driver of the shortfall was the fact that the labor scarcity has not moderated as quickly as we were expecting. We believe, in part, this is because at the height of the Omicron surge, providers were entering into longer-term commitments for temporary or traveling nurses, not necessarily predicting that COVID volumes would decline as rapidly as they ultimately did. 
We do believe that the demand for this premium-priced labor will continue to gradually decline. In the meantime, we continue to invest heavily in recruitment and retention initiatives and have substantially increased the pace of our hiring. Where appropriate, we are also developing alternative patient care models that allow us to use a wider variety of available caregivers to render the most efficient and highest quality of care that we can.  
While the pace of the recovery from the current labor scarcity is still uncertain, we're comfortable that it will occur over time and combined with our confidence in the long-term baseline demand in both of our business segments, our bullish view of the underlying strength of our core businesses remains intact. Reflective of that sentiment, we remained an active acquirer of our own shares in the first quarter, repurchasing $350 million of those shares.  
At the same time, we continue to reinvest organically opening the new acute care hospital in the Reno market and behavioral de novo and/or joint venture hospitals in Arizona, Michigan and Wisconsin. At this time, we're pleased to answer your questions.

But just to go a bit further, as Steve said, we are going to look at this. And so we're right on track for our previous guidance. If our shares continue to be this undervalued, it would be a pretty fair bet that whether we go above that $1.4 billion, we haven't made a decision yet. 
But we're certainly going to look very carefully at doing something when our shares are so undervalued, given what, Steve, just said about our belief in the business. The demand is there. This labor issue will subside at some point. So we know that fundamentally we'll be in a good position. So we can take advantage of the undervalued share price, so we'll certainly consider that and probably do that.

I'll make one more point on this. What we're trying to do -- we're doing -- Steve already mentioned earlier, we do market surveys and we're doing adjustments like on a quarterly basis in a lot of our markets, trying to understand exactly what the correct base rate is for market. One of the things I want to make sure people recognize is that a lot of traveling nurses don't actually travel anywhere. 
So in certain markets, I've seen traveling nurses up to 50% of those "travelers" are people that live within 4 or 5 miles of where they're traveling to. So a lot of them are people that have actually not gone anywhere. They're taking traveler contracts in their home market. And what is happening now is going to continue to happen is that those opportunities for the traveling contracts are going away. 
And so hopefully, sooner than later, a lot more of those "traveling nurses," if they want to stay in their home market, which they clearly do because they haven't gone anywhere, they're going to have to go back to the local hospitals at the local wage rates and not the traveling rates that they were getting for those contracts previously, and we're already starting to see that. And hopefully, that's going to accelerate in the next couple of months.