Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Results for the second quarter were strong. Excluding divestitures, we saw revenue growth of 7.6% in constant currency, leveraged expenses and grew operating income ahead of sales at 24.1% in constant currency. 
Recent quarters have demonstrated more than ever that our omnichannel strategy is the right one as we serve customers regardless of how they want to shop. There are occasions when people want to visit a store, times when they want to pick up and times when they want to have it delivered. We're going to keep innovating and executing to get better at all 3 as our diversified omni model positions us well to gain share in high-growth markets around the world. 
I want to thank our associates for the work they did to deliver these results. They continue to step up and serve others in an inspiring way. Since the pandemic began, we've been clear that our priority is the safety of our associates and those who shop with us. We think it's important that as many people in the U.S. get vaccinated as soon as possible and vaccines be made widely available around the world. 
As the Delta variant spread and the potential for future variants persists, we made the decision to require our U.S. teams above store and club level to become fully vaccinated by October 4. At the same time, we doubled the cash incentive to get vaccinated for hourly associates in the U.S. to $150. We're grateful to those associates that are already vaccinated. 
I'm confident in the fundamental strength of our business even as we navigate the benefits from economic stimulus in the U.S. for both this year and last year. We've proven our ability to serve customers in challenging environments and across multiple channels, formats and countries. The phrase serving customers has traditionally meant one thing at Walmart, but today, it includes serving marketplace sellers, our advertising partners and those that want to use our fulfillment services or proprietary software. 
Our advertising business in the U.S., Walmart Connect, nearly doubled during the quarter versus last year, with active advertisers up more than 170%. And this isn't confined to the U.S. We're growing ad businesses in Mexico, India, Canada and most recently in Chile. Our fulfillment services for marketplace sellers continues to scale, too. We're on track to hit full year double-digit GMV penetration by year-end. 
We also announced during the quarter that we'll serve other businesses through certain in-house technologies used for pickup and delivery. Our partnership with Adobe is an example of that. These are a few examples of how we're using our assets to scale new businesses within the company and build new streams of revenue and profit. 
Our tech and product teams have made a lot of progress modernizing our technology and way of working. We're starting to see the fruit generated by their efforts as we build innovative solutions that have utility across the enterprise. We're starting to see more examples of where one idea or one tech product can benefit more of our businesses and faster. Cloud-powered checkout comes to mind. This technology enables seamless experiences for customers and associates like mobile Check Out With Me, Scan & Go and self-checkout. 
More than 30 applications across 5 countries are leveraging cloud-powered checkout for retail transactions. Things like building a 360-view of the customer using machine learning is important for our business in the U.S., but it's also important in other markets. That's why we're now leveraging this technology in Mexico and in Central America. 
The Ask Sam app that you've heard us talk about was originally built for Sam's Club associates. Now the same concept has been adapted for use in supercenters. It helps our associates be more productive and better serve customers. I'm really pleased about the work our tech teams are doing to unlock value across the business. 
Now let's move on to segment results. I'll begin with Walmart U.S. The underlying business is strong, even as we navigate the many effects of the pandemic as well as government stimulus this year and last year. Customer behaviors changed during the quarter as people were shopping with us more in stores than online. As that shift occurred, we gained market share in grocery. 
Even as eCommerce growth slowed as we layered on top of tremendous growth last year, we feel good about our 2-year stacks of comp sales and eCommerce growth. The good news for us is that we can serve them either way. And of course, they get to choose. We also saw nearly triple-digit growth in advertising sales through Walmart Connect and added thousands of new sellers on our eCommerce marketplace during the quarter. 
I like the progress we're making with Walmart Fulfillment Services, too. We saw 150 basis points sequential improvement in GMV measured as a percentage of marketplace GMV. 
Recall, earlier this year, we announced a step-up in CapEx spending, with heavy emphasis on supply chain in the coming years. This will mean additional capacity and automation from our largest fulfillment centers to our stores. These investments are aimed at increasing assortment to broaden our appeal with customers and get product positioned and picked efficiently to deliver it faster. These investments will increase capacity, help support the growth of Walmart+ and improve productivity. 
From a merchandising point of view, we launched new private brands in health care and pet categories. The new insulin product we're offering is a huge win for customers. We call it ReliOn, and it will save customers up to 75% off the cash price of branded insulin products. 
Sam's Club in the U.S. continues to impress. 19 years ago, I got the opportunity to become the Chief Merchant at Sam's, and I can confirm there hasn't been a time in at least 19 years when Sam's has had this much momentum. They also have strength in so many key metrics, including our most important membership metrics. We saw that story continue this quarter with membership income growth of 12.2%, the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Total membership counts are a record high and overall renewal rates and those for Plus members continue to be strong. 
Similar to clubs in China and Mexico, members are shopping with us in Club for pickup and delivery. Sam's is an innovation engine for the company, and they're showing us all what's possible with technology products like Scan & Go. 
For our businesses outside of the U.S., we continue to see strong results in continuing markets through a combination of top line growth and operating discipline. Excluding divestitures, net sales increased nearly 13% in constant currency. eCommerce continues to play a bigger role for us. Net sales penetration for eCommerce was about 19% in Q2, an increase of more than 700 basis points from last year. 
We're strengthening our omnichannel approach in Mexico, China and Canada. In Mexico, we launched Walmart Pass, a membership model where customers get unlimited same-day delivery from stores, completed the rollout of Scan & Go to all Sam's Clubs added new sellers to the marketplace and grew our online SKU count by 30%. 
China had a particularly strong quarter, with growth in eCommerce of 75%. During the 618 festival, eCommerce penetration in this market reached 45%. Our business in Canada also had strong eCommerce growth of 41%. We've seen an uptick in Net Promoter Scores there as more customers are shopping with us across channels. 
Our eCommerce marketplace in India, Flipkart, continues to drive strong growth in GMV, in line with our high expectations. This team has been busy. They introduced Flipkart Camera, our first-of-its-kind technology at scale for the Indian customer that allows users to view products in their physical environment, expanded their grocery business to over 70 cities and launched a new commerce platform called Shopsy to help reach the reseller community. 
They're also increasing customer stickiness with Flipkart Plus. It's a tiered program based on spend that helps us drive higher repeat rates. Customers in the program transact more frequently and we see lower churn than others. They also recently completed a new funding round, which placed a value on the business of about $38 billion, significantly higher than the valuation when we invested just 3 years ago. There were large votes of confidence from a strong group of investors, and we'll put those dollars to work to deliver growth in key areas such as grocery, fashion and our supply chain. 
You should see the common threads and leverage points across our businesses. Increasingly, we think about global businesses and global tech products rather than thinking or working a country at a time. There's more of a digital-first mindset here. 
Before I close today, I'd like to remind everyone of the new ESG report we published last month. I encourage you to invest time with each of the briefs to understand our priority issues along with the progress we're making against our commitments. For example, on emissions, we've reduced absolute scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by more than 17% since 2015. Our original target was 18% by 2025. 
The tremendous progress we've made means we're on track to achieve the updated target we announced of a 35% reduction by the same date. Additionally, our suppliers report having avoided more than 186 million metric tons of CO2 emissions in 2020 for a cumulative total of more than 460 million metric tons avoided since we started Project Gigaton in 2017. 
I also want to take a moment to mention an announcement we made on July 27 regarding the Live Better U education program. Walmart will now pay 100% of college tuition and books for associates as part of our commitment to invest nearly $1 billion over 5 years in career training and development. This means that roughly 1.5 million full- and part-time associates in the U.S. can earn a college degree or learn other skills without the burden of debt. This is a fantastic initiative, giving our associates the opportunity to learn and grow. 
I'll close by thanking our associates for how they serve others and our leadership team for their vision and ability to lead so much positive change so quickly. They built us into a global leader in omnichannel retailing with a model that is uniquely Walmart. Our team is designing with the customer at the center of our flywheel, which is coming together nicely. It's exciting to imagine how far we can go. 
And now over to Mr. Biggs.

Simeon, as it relates to the most important strategic imperative, the thing that came to mind first was speed. I think innovation and speed may be together. We're trying to change the company. And as we've said to everybody for a while now, our purpose and our values are constant, but everything else is open to change. And we're becoming more digital. We're learning how to work differently. And the reason that I would have that at the top of the list is because that's what bears fruit forever. 
We've launched new businesses. We've scaled new businesses. A year from now, we're going to be doing the same thing. 5 years from now, we're going to be doing the same thing. And so my focus, working with this team and with Suresh and everybody else, is to try and get into how we're working and increase the speed, innovation and productivity of the company. 
As it relates to putting money back in, I think we've been on our front foot for a while, and we'll stay there. And we're not going to give you any additional guidance today as it relates to capital needs or things like that. But as we shared with you back in February, we've got opportunities to play offense. We're confident in what we're doing. We like the assets we've got. I think some people view stores these days as boring, we don't. We love the business that we've got, and we love what we're adding to it. And if we see opportunities to be more aggressive either on the income statement side or the balance sheet, we'll take them, and we'll share it at that time.

Karen, this is Doug. I'll go first, and then Brett can chime in if he wants to. The business, it's interesting to think about it in terms of investment cycles. The business is always going to make investments and it's going to grow and it's going to grow earnings. And why can't we do those things at the same time? Why can't we invest capital in automation, for example, and increase productivity and have earnings growth to the degree that we should? 
We manage the short term and the long term. As everybody knows, we're a company that's particularly focused on the long term, particularly focused on the top line, we'll manage the bottom line. But I kind of would like to push back a little bit on this. Are you in an investment cycle today? Will you be tomorrow? We'll be announcing investments all the time and you guys should expect us to grow the top line and the returns of the company over time as we do that. 
The business is changing shape. And I think that's the key. We're not just buying and selling merchandise in supercenters at this point. We're changing how the company is comprised. If you look at -- just imagine a bar chart of revenue or a bar chart of profitability, the mix is shifting. And that unlock, as we stick with it, creates a different financial equation than what we would have had years ago.

Good to hear from Kath and maybe, Judith, if you want to on supply chain challenges around the world. Sam's faces the same set of issues, whether it's the tailwinds from stimulus or what's happening with supply chain, and you've got some seasonal categories where you can read sales earlier than we would in Walmart U.S.

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll get Judith to chime in here, too. It's exciting to see what's happened. And it hasn't been forced by us, but the world changed as it became more digital and the business models and the products we need to build, the work we need to do ends up being even more common than it was before it feels like. And so with the shift in the international portfolio that Judith has led, we find ourselves positioned, with the Flipkart investment in particular, towards more of a digital business and more of an e-comm business. 
I started learning about e-comm from food from the U.K. many years ago. Then we all saw China explode. Now we're living in a very different environment in India versus what we see in the U.S. And Walmex unit has become more of a digital company and looks more like the U.S. in some ways. 
And so it's exciting to see a pure eCommerce percentage for international and for the total company grow. I think the story that gets buried there is that the business overall is becoming more digital in its mindset.

The only other thing that came to mind was the difference between input metrics and output metrics. The $75 billion number on its way to $100 billion is an output metric. We're focused on how do you do a better job with all the inputs related to omni. And that's hard work. And building digital products that marry eCommerce with stores takes more work than just building an eCommerce solution, takes more time, takes more complexity, but that's where the secret sauce is. And if we can continue to blur the lines so that customers and members can shop however they want to shop, whenever they want to shop, the output metrics that we sometimes measure of e-comm versus store growth, for example, they'll be what they are. 
But this quarter is kind of a good example of the fact that we can be somewhat indifferent. We're trying to build a model where we're completely in different top and bottom line as it relates to how people shop. And so I think we started that and still have a lot to do to deliver on that goal.

There's a lot of tonnage going through. And I'd just underline fresh. John mentioned produce and meat. The team, back before the pandemic started, had a rollout of something we call Produce 2.0, which improved the presentation of fresh produce but also capacity. So it was really well timed given what happened during the pandemic. And as I go into stores, produce is standing tall and has throughout, from an in-stock point of view, it's been one of the bright spots in terms of us being able to get product and display it well. 
And then Sam's Fresh performance has been really strong, too. It's one thing to stay in stock on corn flakes, it's another to merchandise fresh, and the teams have done a nice job during this period.

Oliver, the way that things get stitched together is important and being a large seller of food is helpful as it relates to the role that, that data and the relationship we can ultimately build with the customer relate to health care. And so it's exciting in the U.S., and I hope, ultimately, around the world to play a role in health care that helps people get high-quality care at a really good value in an accessible way, enabling them to take more control over their own health and their situation. 
And John will comment more on this in just a second, but the work we did to build some clinics has been helpful, and I think we'll have more clinics in the future. But the clinics aren't the thing on its own. It's how we stitch this whole thing together from telehealth, in the role that health care plays in the home, on mobile devices, how you triage a customer when they start to interact with you to direct them to the place to get the right care at the right time. And sometimes that will include a trip to the store in the clinic. Sometimes it will be a telehealth experience that they have in their home or somewhere else. 
And so we're putting building blocks in place. It feels, John, like we've got a lot of ingredients on the table, including the addition of Dr. Cheryl Pegus, who's now leading that business. The strategy is increasingly clear to us. The pieces are on the table. We're going to need some time to execute it because health care is so local. And we've learned a lot about that in the last couple of years with these clinics. And so I continue to be really excited about the role we can play and I'm pleased with the steps we're taking forward.

Walmart+ can play a role in how food and health care come together. There's just so much opportunity. You can imagine what happens with data there, with all the appropriate privacy and protections in place. I think the future of Walmart+ just is kind of like this continuous burn for us where we add things to it, it becomes even more unique to Walmart. Of course, delivery is a big part of it, but there will be other components, too.

I want to thank you again for your interest in the company. And I want to thank this leadership team, and of course, our associates. This team is building for the mid to long term, and they're doing a great job of managing and performing in the short term, navigating a pandemic, keeping the stores in stock, serving customers and members while we change the business to be more digital. As I mentioned earlier, to get faster, more innovative, more productive as we build it, and it's actually a lot of fun. It's challenging. This continues to be a challenging year, and our folks on the frontline are doing a great job, but I just want to express my gratitude. Thank you all.