Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We continued to have momentum. Sales were strong throughout the third quarter, and we've seen a good start to the fourth quarter, thanks to all the thoughtful planning and hard work from our associates. 
In addition to visiting stores and Sam's Clubs in the U.S. this quarter, I also got to visit stores with the Canadian leadership team in the Toronto market. It was a reminder that our associates around the world have served others throughout this pandemic with courage and resilience. 
Our Canadian stores had some great items for Diwali. We sold through Halloween well, and the seasonal areas were ready for Christmas. In the U.S., we're ready for the holidays, too. There's a level of excitement in the air. You can feel it. I've been walking away from these stores with the recurring thought, we're ready. We have the people, the products and the prices to deliver a great holiday season. 
Around the world, so many families depend on us for food, apparel, home items, TVs, and seasonal items like toys and Christmas trees. They trust us to have what they're looking for and at the right price. And while this year has its challenges, we're in position to serve them. 
All segments saw strong top line gains in the quarter, excluding divestitures, and I could not be prouder of our team. They continue to solve problems and move with speed. 
Walmart U.S. drove a sequential acceleration in comp sales, both on a 1- and 2-year basis, and continued to gain market share in grocery. Sam's Club had another very strong quarter, as did Walmart International, with China, Mexico and India leading the way. 
Customers and members are shopping with us across channels, and we're making it easier for them. Speed matters. That's why we offer fast, same-day delivery to millions of customers around the world. 
Walmart has served customers across economic cycles for more than 50 years. Each one is unique, and they require us to adapt. In this latest cycle, the pandemic caused shifts in how customers and members shopped and what they purchased. The long period of sustained demand for goods has stretched supply chains, resulting in out of stocks and inflation. 
Fighting inflation is in our DNA. Sam Walton loved that fight, and so do we. I want to thank our truck drivers, merchants, replenishment teams, our associates that move inventory through the supply chain, and our suppliers. They're working together creatively and quickly. We have lots of variables to manage to deliver everyday low prices to customers and simultaneously strong financial results for our shareholders, and we're using them. 
We continue to make progress on our strategy. The team is moving fast and being aggressive as we build the pieces of our flywheel. In the U.S., Walmart GoLocal for last-mile delivery is an example. We're excited to have The Home Depot join Walmart and Sam's Club to share our white label delivery as a service platform. This service is powered by our proprietary driver platform, Spark Driver. The technology behind it is now available in Mexico as we learn to build more digital products that can be leveraged globally. 
Spark continues to grow and is now active in 900 U.S. cities, providing access to more than 50% of U.S. households. And we're just getting started. We recently enabled a new feature within the Spark Driver app called Shopping and Delivery, which gives service providers the option to shop and deliver customers' orders. So if delivery slots are full at a location, this feature allows us to serve that demand. The Spark platform has a lot of potential in the U.S. and beyond. 
Selling advertising is another important piece of the flywheel because it helps suppliers and marketplace providers sell more while creating a new profit opportunity for us. Globally, we continue to see rapid growth in advertising income, led by the U.S., Flipkart and Mexico. We're also making good progress at PhonePe, and we're starting to ramp in Canada and Chile. 
Beyond advertising income, we're creating new ways to gather and analyze data to fuel smarter, faster decision-making to better serve customers, members and suppliers. Earlier this quarter, we launched Walmart Luminate in the U.S., which is a new suite of data products created for our merchants and suppliers to reveal actionable category and item insight. Our sales team is getting started, and we're encouraged by the number of suppliers that have already signed up and their feedback.  
Our work to become a regenerative company continues. We had an offsite recently with over 50 of our leaders from several countries to imagine what more we can do and how we can pick up speed. Environmental, social and governance issues are important to us, and we're committed to continuing our leadership. 
In September, we issued our first ever green bond at $2 billion. It is one of the largest yet from a U.S.-based company. Proceeds are to be used to fund projects like renewable energy, high-performance buildings and 0 waste. While we've been investing in environmental sustainability projects for years, the size and design of this bond is aligned with the bold commitments we've more recently made. 
We hosted our sustainability milestone meeting in October. Many of our suppliers, NGO partners and associates attended. We shared a new goal at the meeting to achieve a 15% absolute reduction of our virgin plastic footprint by 2025. We think this goal and others announced at the meeting will move our business in a direction that is good for the planet and good for business by giving our customers the things they love without things they don't. 
Now let's move on to segment results. I'll begin with Walmart U.S. Comp sales of 9.2% or 15.6% on a 2-year stack is remarkable growth. The gains we've seen in market share for grocery and strong back-to-school results indicate our inventory position has improved. Prices and assortment are compelling, and customers continue to move away from early pandemic behaviors. 
We see tailwinds in our results. A strong consumer, a degree of inflation and government stimulus are all factors, but I also like what I see in the core of the business. Transaction counts in our stores and clubs are growing. Inventory is up 11.5%. Our price gaps are where we want them. And we're innovating in the supply chain and adding capacity. And we're building businesses like Walmart GoLocal, Walmart Connect, Walmart Luminate, Walmart+, Spark Delivery, our Marketplace and Walmart Fulfillment Services. 
Financial services is another area where we know we can make a difference in the lives of so many. We recently launched bill payment services in our stores as well as the ability to load money to a bank account or a prepaid card. 
Moving to Sam's Club U.S. Comp sales were strong at 13.9%, excluding fuel. Membership is the lifeblood of the club model. Growth in membership income of 11.3% is the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Membership count reached a new record high during the quarter. And overall renewal rates were strong across the board, including first year renewals and those for Plus Members. 
Both individual and business members are shopping with us across channels and using the digital tools we've developed. The new Don't Forget function with Scan & Go is a great example. It's a completely digital way for us to help members and drive basket size at the same time. Based on a member's shopping history, we can target items that a member may be forgetting in their trip all through the app. 
And we already see an increase in the number of items in the basket. We're also expanding delivery options at Sam's. We now offer same-day delivery for 440 clubs using our Spark Driver network.  
Turning to Walmart International. We had another quarter of strong growth with sales up 10.3% and profit up even higher at 17.5%, excluding divestitures and currency. We ended the quarter in great shape on inventory and price gaps. Back-to-school and other fall celebrations helped drive traffic for us as families began to get back to normal shopping patterns. The festive season is off to a strong start with Big Billion Days in India. We continue to see strong growth in eCommerce. On a 2-year stack, sales increased 91%, led by Flipkart and China. 
We've talked about the importance of omnichannel globally, and we continue to see the build-out of these models across markets. Our small Sam's Club depots that extend the reach of our large clubs in China helped deliver eCommerce growth of 96%, with incredibly fast delivery for everyday items. In Mexico, we continue to expand same-day delivery, and express delivery orders quickly reach customers using crowd sourcing capabilities. And in both Mexico and Canada, the expansion of omni capabilities is driven by technology that we've developed to share across markets, further leveraging our scale. 
Our international markets are building flywheels that have common characteristics with each other and with the U.S., which helps us innovate and leverage the technology we're building. Our store and club formats are well positioned. Our store and club formats are well positioned. We're moving quickly to add and expand more digital businesses, including eCommerce and payments to create new business models. We're innovating for our customers like the recent expansion of Flipkart SuperCoins across platforms. 
We're also making important investments for the future while delivering profitable growth today. You see examples of these investments in our supply chain in India and Mexico, new clubs in China and store remodels in Canada. The team is delivering on its purpose of driving long-term sustainable growth for the company. 
With that, I'll close today by thanking our associates around the world for what they do each day to serve our customers and drive results. The holiday season is here, and we're ready. Our teams have been working hard to ensure we have the people, the products and the prices that will help make this season special for everyone. 
I'll now hand it over to Brett.

Thanks, Michael. That's a good question. The thing that comes to mind is the change that has to happen and has happened to an extent and continues now related to working in a more digital fashion. We use a phrase here that's called 4-in-a-box which is an agile way of working with customer, product, design, technology, engineering, all around the table, designing omnichannel outcomes for customers and members.
Historically, if you look back years ago, the company would have operated in specialized silos, merchandising, operations, finance, logistics, et cetera. And the teams learned in recent years and is still learning how to move faster, begin with the end in mind, design with that outcome. And that enables us to put technology to work in a way that is truly omnichannel, not siloed. Customers and members expect that. We've got unique opportunities to deliver that, but the change inside the company has to happen to enable it.

This is Doug. I think, for that answer, we need to get John, Judith and Kath to respond because the supply chain and hiring challenges are around the world. John, you want to kick it off?

A bit of a different mix in Q4, too, of what we'll sell.

Yes, sure. Peter, I was just thinking about Judith because she was reminding us this week just how much inflation we've experienced inside Walmart around the world over time. We haven't seen this kind of inflation in the U.S. for quite some time. But we have operated in markets where we've seen this basically forever and even more extreme. So that experience is helpful. 
And we do start with wanting to keep prices low. The purpose of the company is to save people money and help them live a better life, and we get excited about trying to do that. And the company is kind of hedged well if you think about it. With an inflationary environment, there are things that come along with that. And in a deflationary environment, we can lead down, and we're a low-cost operator, and we can take advantage of both situations. 
So in this case, our cost inflation is higher than our retail inflation, and that's what we would want. But we've got lots of flexibility as we monitor price gaps to decide what we do with general merchandise, what we do with apparel, for example, what we want to do with beef, with the inflation that's happening there. And it becomes a mix management exercise with us trying to manage serving the customer member well, managing the bottom line. We would care a little less about how the gross margin and SG&A balance out as we would with what the net looks like. And so we're managing in that fashion, and that's what you can expect us to do going forward.

One of the most important things that happened quite a few months ago as we all kind of held hands and decided to be aggressive. So the seasonal businesses that we're driving now, we made a call on that, maybe in some cases, a year ago. And I think that helped us in terms of quantities, getting them through, getting them through earlier. And I think it's going to play out that way. I think it's going to be really strong. 
As it relates to whether it's peak or not, Simeon, they're variables, like what happens with the virus? Is the market going to continue opening up, and people will consume services, travel and all those kinds of things? And what does that mean to goods? So there's a demand side of this as well as a supply side of it. And I don't know that any of us could call exactly where the peak is going to be. 
But it doesn't really matter to us. We're going to manage through it regardless of what happens. And when we get an opportunity to take rollbacks, we're out there asking suppliers even now, do any of you want to get aggressive and swim upstream and take prices down while prices are going up to gain share? And we've got so many suppliers to work with and choose from that you find people in some categories that can do things. And as the months progress, we expect to find more of them.

It seems like the most pronounced thing we saw would be in hiring. Like when the stimulus dollars started to go away, the hiring situation changed faster. We saw people come back. In a matter of weeks, we were back to being staffed.

Yes, it certainly was, and certainly felt the impact of that early in the year when the Delta variant began. And then in the last quarter or so, we've added close to 200,000 people in the workforce. We're really excited to welcome the 200,000 new associates to the company. About 25% of those are in the supply chain and another 75% are our stores and in the other areas, but that's been done to meet demand. And again, we're excited about our positioning when it comes to people, product and our pricing.

Sure, Bob. First, really excited about the Walmart+ program we launched just over a year ago with some really core values for the customer, which include unlimited delivery, primarily from stores, but that doesn't include eCommerce. The program also offers fuel discounts and Scan & Go. And then most recently, we offered early access to customers, Plus Members who are shopping on our holiday events. So our Plus Members now have about a 4-hour window to be able to access product ahead of the market, and certainly seeing great results on that. 
Plus is a really important part of our growth strategy over the long term. We know once a member -- a customer becomes a member, and typically, those are members that are joining who are already pick-up customers, and we know their spend increases, and our first place wallet share grows. So looking forward to the progress that we'll be able to make over that in time. 
And the second part of your question, could you repeat?

Yes. We're currently about 160 million items available. So 21 million growth in the quarter is a really nice gain. And we certainly see a high demand for marketplace sellers. And one of the services that we're excited about is Walmart Fulfillment Services. We can scale that business just about as quickly as we'll be able to add capacity. So got a lot of great plans in the supply chain. We've talked about supply chain a number of times this year. But we've got a lot of innovation and investments in the supply chain that we're very excited about to add capacity for the overall network. But this certainly will include and support our marketplace sellers and have a great seller value proposition as we look forward.

We're using ML and AI to do a number of different things. We used it to help adjust to the pandemic and use the stores as fulfillment hubs. And we use it for predictive baskets, smart substitutions. Our in-stock assistant is AI empowered. And this modernization that we've been talking about with you guys in previous meetings is continuing, which unlocks more capability to use that data. We've moved 153 petabytes of data to the cloud so far. And we've got room to grow there. And we can put data and machines to work in ways in this company that we've not yet done, but we are making progress.

Robbie, I would expect you to break that rule. As it relates to digital advertising, we are really excited about it. Obviously, we're coming off a smaller base than some others. We shared that the 2-year stack is 240% in the U.S. At some point, we may share a number with you. We're obviously talking about that. 
The thing I'm excited about is it's happening everywhere. Judith is driving an advertising income business around the world. And this flywheel that we showed you guys in February is coming to life across markets in a way that generates a different business model that will change the company in the long term. And it's happening. And we're excited about the fact we've got traction in a number of different areas. 
Gas prices are a concern. They're a concern not just in this country, but everywhere. They're up dramatically versus a year ago. And the customers had money. And at some point, that's going to come to an end. Hopefully, that's a gradual process. And hopefully, gas prices come down. And we sell a lot of fuel in both Walmart U.S. and Sam's. We're trying to help keep those prices down.

I think pickup and delivery around the world will grow. And the step change that occurred will stay and then grow from there probably at a lower rate. That's what we're seeing here. But the store traffic is the biggest issue. When the pandemic enabled it, people came back to stores. And I think they like stores. They want to have that experience. They enjoy seeing merchandise, being around each other. And that's why omnichannel makes so much sense. So grateful for that. 
There are other things like telehealth that will persist forever. The goods versus services trade-off that happened during the lockdowns and during the heavier pandemic period were definitely a big deal. We'll see how that plays out over time. People eating at home, I think they've enjoyed that and they're going to do more of that. And that gives us an opportunity across all of our formats around the world. Is there anything any of you would add to that?

Yes. I'll just wrap up by saying we appreciate your attention on Walmart. And hopefully, what you can see is that the business is changing. We can sell customers and members things in a variety of ways. We can make money doing it. The business model is changing. The digital transformation is underway. This is a different company than it was. And we've got a lot of runway in front of us. 
We're looking now at our input metrics. We're not just enjoying the benefits of some of these tailwinds and feeling like we're suddenly a company that's arrived. We're paying attention to Net Promoter Scores. We're working on the things underneath that will enable us to continue to grow regardless of what the environment is like. 
There will be a point in time -- some point in the future where you guys will be asking us about deflation and you'll be asking us about how we're going to grow share. And we're focused on growing share today and in that environment. We run the company for the long term, manage it for the short term, and really proud of what the team is doing to make that happen and grateful to our associates. Have a great day.