Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our 2021 investment community meeting. We're grateful for your interest in our company and for the confidence so many of you have in our future. We believe that confidence is well founded, and we're excited to give you an update on the opportunities we see ahead.  
I've been a part of Walmart for more than 30 years now, and I can't remember a time when there was so much exciting change happening inside our company. The world around us is changing in big and important ways, and I'm so encouraged by how our associates are leading and embracing change. We have a blend of experience and new thinking that are coming together to allow us to execute with more creativity and speed. We aren't the business we were just a few years ago, and we aren't the business you'll see in the years ahead. We're moving.  
David Glass was a CEO that followed Sam Walton. He led us into the food business and got us started outside the United States. In the 1990s, I remember him telling us repeatedly that the company was just getting started. Every time I'd hear him say it, I would think, really? We were already large by then and so much had already happened. But today, I can tell our associates the same thing. There is so much opportunity still in front of us. We have the talent, the culture and the assets to thrive in the next-generation of retail, to invent it. We've been building for this moment, and the moment is here. It's up to us. We can make it true that in 2021, this company was just getting started. I know many of you have been investing in and following Walmart for a long time, and you know a lot about our company. This is a different business today, and we're just getting started. We're moving.  
Looking back at 2020, I'm so proud of how our big team has responded to the challenges. They just keep stepping up. It feels like our customers and society have come to appreciate our associates more than usual, and that's well deserved. So many have been selfless and courageous. We've tried to show our frontline associates in our stores, clubs and supply chain, our respect and gratitude with our words and our actions. They, along with our customers, our shareholders, our suppliers and partners, the communities we serve and the planet we seek to strengthen, shape our decisions. We take a multi-stakeholder view because we know that mindset and approach deliver the most valuable, sustainable business over time.  
As for today, Brett will join us in a moment to talk about our results for the fourth quarter as well as to provide an outlook on our expectations for the next few years. I'll come back after his remarks to talk through the acceleration of our strategy and how we'll deliver sustainable long-term growth. Then, you'll hear from several of our leaders about the specifics of our plan.  
I'm confident you'll leave this session with a clear understanding of a few key points. First, innovation and speed. It's time for us to dial up our aggressiveness even more and go faster. Walmart is in a position of strength, and we have momentum. Our confidence in our plan motivates us to accelerate, and we'll walk you through why we feel that way.
Second, we're building a new customer-centric business model. Our customers welcome us serving them in new ways, and our assets and capabilities are being monetized in ways we haven't tapped into before. We have assets to leverage like our stores and supply chain, strengths like our store traffic and a brand trusted for value. We have foundational cornerstones like EDLP and EDLC. We can stay true to who we are and build on our strengths while building a mutually reinforcing flywheel. We're starting to drive the top and bottom line in more expansive ways. Our bottom line is becoming more diversified, which will enable us more operating income growth over time. We're repositioning to be in different businesses and exiting some geographies, so resources are shifted to our priorities. We're building a better model, and it's uniquely Walmart.  
Third, we'll continue designing this business to create shared value for all our stakeholders. We're out to demonstrate that our company can do even more good for people as we grow. Communities are strengthened. Customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers benefit. Everyone wins.  
I'll be back to share more specifics on the strategy in a few minutes. Now I'd like to welcome Brett to add his view on the quarter and the future. Brett?

Thank you, Brett. Thank you for your leadership and partnership. We're pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and the year. Growth was strong across the company. Innovation and speed picked up. We moved quickly to add new capabilities to protect the health of our associates, serve customers and members safely in our stores and clubs and serve them with more capacity for pickup and delivery. We found ways to support the explosive growth in eCommerce and learned how to hire people in hours rather than days, which enabled hundreds of thousands of people to get work when they really needed it and when we really needed them. 
We managed our business well in an unpredictable environment, but we certainly didn't get everything right. Given supply constraints, our in-stock suffered significantly during portions of the year. Store standards were impacted. We would reduce store hours and limit customer density all over again, but that did impact our sales. Those realities should provide some upside in 2021 as we lap the extraordinarily strong results of last year. 
I want to thank our associates around the world. They have been courageous. They are adapting to change. They worked really hard to overcome the hurdles presented by one of the most difficult periods in history, and I know they'll continue to do so.  
The challenges of the past year came in different forms and weren't limited to the health crisis. We're all aware of the difficult social, political and economic realities that we face. These are deep-rooted problems that we all have to tackle. As for Walmart, we will continue to be part of the solutions. As it relates to the health crisis, we helped with PPE for health care workers and stood up COVID testing sites. We donated more than 625 million pounds of food and over $55 million in grants for hunger relief in 2020. Now we're supporting the country in the vaccination effort. 
As it relates to the financial crisis, we'll help with employment, and we'll help small businesses by buying their goods, building an expanded marketplace for sellers and as Sam's Club serves family-owned restaurants and other small businesses, small businesses that are vital to our economy.
When it comes to the social and political challenges we all face, we will engage in public conversations in ways that are thoughtful, constructive and in line with our values. We are committed to racial equity. We'll keep changing inside our company and find ways to leverage our business and influence to shape systems extending beyond our company. This work is important to me, and it's important to our associates, including our leadership. And we know it's strategic. Being diverse and inclusive is smart business. 
2020 not only confirmed our strategy, it accelerated it by fast-forwarding many of the customer trends we've been building towards. We feel emboldened and are now moving with even more speed and aggressiveness. We're scaling new capabilities and businesses and designing them to work together in a mutually reinforcing way. As we imagine the future, we believe people, our customers, families will want an even better value for their money; a merchandise assortment that is relevant to their life and seems limitless; services that help them save time, save money and get or stay healthy; an experience that is easy and enjoyable; and the knowledge that the company they do business with can be trusted to treat everyone in their supply chain well and take actions that strengthen our planet. 
In the future, people will still want to shop in compelling stores, but more and more, there'll be occasions where they prefer to pick up an order or have it delivered. Some customers will eventually allow us and pay us to keep them replenished in their homes on the items they routinely purchase. For an increasing number of customers, Walmart will be seen more like a service. Customers will think of us as the merchant that serves their wants and needs but in ways that take less time and effort. We won't just be utilitarian for them. We'll serve up items and ideas that are relevant and exciting. We'll reach them directly and through other platforms. Our customer relationships will continue to broaden and deepen in health and wellness and financial services. Our customers view these as natural and expected components of their Walmart experience. We'll weave all of these things together in a seamless way.  
So we're in an early stage of building a new business model that will enable us to serve people how they want to be served in any particular moment and thrive in the next-generation of retail as a business. Over time, we believe the big winners in retail will be those that deliver a unique interrelated ecosystem. 
Many of you will remember the original Walmart productivity loop. We lowered prices, grew sales and leveraged expenses. Some of you will remember the ecosystem chart we shared in 2018. Well, we continue to learn, our thinking moves on, and so we'd like to share today's version as a way to describe our emerging business model. It should help you better understand how we'll serve customers and drive sustainable, diversified operating income growth over time.  
As I describe it, some of my comments are specific to the U.S., but you should think of this as applying in all of our priority markets around the world. Think about it as a flywheel that's spinning, powered by a mutually reinforcing set of assets. 
We start with the customer in the center. We're designing for them. Our relationship with them is founded on our ability to provide them the lowest prices on the items they buy all the time. They come to our stores and our app to get the things they want or need. Our first priority is to continue to earn their business when it's time to buy the big basket, the stock-up trip, to be the best and first place they shop. We do that well with the supercenter format. Having a broad assortment so close to 90% of America is an advantage. 
As we've added pickup and delivery capabilities, we've experienced a lot of growth, but too often, we aren't able to meet the demand. This is a good problem to have, but we need to solve it quickly, given how trends accelerated as a result of the pandemic. So we're going to invest more aggressively in capacity and automation to position ourselves to earn the primary destination position with customers. We are absolutely playing offense here. Customers can choose to visit a store, pick up their order, have it delivered, have it delivered into a secure box on their front step, into a garage refrigerator or all the way into their kitchen, even when they're not at home. 
When you hear us say delivery, define that as the combination of delivery from our stores, clubs and eCommerce fulfillment centers. Our customers and members are indifferent as to whether their delivered items come from a store or an FC. So we can optimize for speed and costs behind the scenes as we meet or exceed customer expectations. Over time, more and more of our customers will want Walmart+ because it makes life better. That relationship will drive repeat business and provide data that enables us to serve them even better and be more personalized. It's an important piece of our strategy. For now, we're focused on continuing a high-quality experience for Walmart+ members as we add capacity. Over time, we'll add more benefits to the membership to broaden its appeal. 
Moving to 3:00 on the wheel. The demand we've been experiencing in general merchandise is amazing. Beyond the pandemic, our eCommerce business will continue to grow at a fast pace. We expect our eCommerce sales globally to be over $100 billion in the next couple of years. We continue to add assortment in brands. Our emphasis here is on general merchandise. We've got a lot of upside in apparel, home and hardlines. To capture that upside, we're going to pull forward investments in space and automation. As our fulfillment capacity grows, we'll use it to improve the customer experience, expand our first-party assortment, grow our marketplace and build our fulfillment services business, which is scaling nicely. 
Beyond selling merchandise, we can do more to serve the health care needs of families. They want and need high-quality, preventative, accessible and affordable health care. As you evaluate our opportunity in health care, consider not only our pharmacy, optical, hearing and OTC businesses, but also consider our position as the country's largest seller of food and how that relates to health. Our locations, which enable access; our large stores and large parking lots, which give us room to expand; our experience with associate benefits, where we cover a lot of lives; and our growing digital capabilities, together, they create the opportunity for a differentiated omnichannel health care business that helps a lot of people. We aren't starting from scratch. We're convinced our customers want this, and they trust us to provide it.  
Financial services are also a way we can help make daily life better for customers. Last month, we announced the formation of a new fintech start-up designed to develop and offer innovative and affordable financial solutions. Our customers have been clear that they want more from us in terms of financial services, and this new approach will help us deliver for them in a differentiated way more quickly. For a fintech start-up, customer acquisition costs are high, and our platform lowers those costs. We have a head start. 
Moving to 6:00 on the wheel. Our purpose is to save money and help people live better. So we must operate at a lower cost and do it in a way that's sustainable. As you know, we've had several automation tests going on. I'm very pleased to share a few of the most important forms are now ready to scale. These investments will enable us to improve the customer experience and increase productivity. Our digital transformation continues. Our way of working, our use of data and the modernization of our tech stack continue. 
Earlier, I mentioned diversifying our profit base. Scaling new profit pools is a priority. Think marketplace and fulfillment services, advertising, financial services, data monetization and last-mile delivery. These are all early stage businesses that are scaling or are positioned to scale. The resulting more diversified model will allow us to sustainably reinvest back into the customer value proposition and choose how much flows through into profit. 
As I walk through the flywheel, I mentioned several investments. Based on everything I've learned over the years and the opportunity I see looking ahead, this is the right time to make these investments. The strategy team and capabilities are in place. We know where the customer is going. We have momentum, and our balance sheet is strong. Here's what we see. 
First, the combination of stores and eCommerce is a winner. Last year step changed our eCommerce business, and our stores are an asset. We have demand and need more space earlier than we had planned 1 year ago. Given that delivery is a key driver of Walmart+, we need more capacity to grow Walmart+ with a high Net Promoter Score. 
Second, our automation plan is now ready to scale. We'll be investing in our distribution centers, our eCommerce fulfillment centers and in-market fulfillment centers, which will, in many cases, be inside of or built beside our stores. John will tell you more about what this means for our U.S. business. Those investments will enable productivity improvements for years to come. They have a nice IRR.  

Big picture, think of our U.S. supply chain with hundreds of distribution and fulfillment centers, thousands of stores and clubs so close to so many people, functioning in a hybrid fashion, automated where they should be based on volumes and complemented with on-site market fulfillment centers or off-site MFCs where we see incremental demand. Importantly, imagine our supply chain is interconnected so the cost to meet or exceed customer expectations is optimized. And imagine our growing network with a next-gen level of automation.  
I think the next few years will represent more change in our supply chain than even the grocery DC rollout we did to support supercenters. It's really exciting. We'll keep investing in store remodels so that our stores are fresh and appealing. We'll also continue to invest in our people. 
Last fall, we changed the structure in our U.S. stores leaning even more into teams. At that time, we gave a raise to 165,000 people. And now we'll be raising wages for 425,000 more. These are investments in people that are important to our future because they provide a great pickup, delivery and in-store experience for our customers. These investments are part of the strategy we've pursued since I started in this role. We've increased our starting wages by more than 50% since 2015. Once these increases are implemented, approximately half of our U.S. hourly associates, about 730,000 people, will earn at least $15 an hour. Our average wage in the U.S. will be at least $15.25 per hour. Our supply chain associates are already earning $15 or more, and we've made additional wage investments in Sam's Club over the last few years.  
Importantly, in addition to hourly wage rates, we'll continue investing to provide career opportunities through our internal education programs and access to affordable degrees. Because of technology, the future of work will be different, and we want to prepare our associates for that journey. We believe we should do more than provide just an hourly wage. Bonuses for some roles, our 401(k) match, stock ownership plan, affordable health care and other components are smart investments. We'll make these investments in our supply chain and people, while also staying on track to modernize our technology. To pay for all that, we'll keep growing sales, expand our general merchandise business and scale mutually reinforcing and profitable businesses. The guidance that Brett provided this morning includes these investments for these areas I've just described.  
One way to think about us is to recognize our people and physical assets as strategic moats and realize that we're changing how we think and work to build digital products and related businesses that complement those assets and have helpful margins. 
Marketplace, advertising and membership income, for example. We aren't strangers to membership. Sam's Club in the U.S., China and Mexico is performing very well, and that performance accelerated during 2020. Sam's is innovating, adding new capabilities and improving our merchandise offer, especially in fresh food and with our Member's Mark private brand. Sam's is a big business for us, and it has strong momentum.  
As I mentioned before, this mutually reinforcing flywheel concept applies in our priority markets outside the U.S. Specific elements of the flywheel, such as pickup and delivery, eCommerce and marketplace, fulfillment services, payment and other financial services and advertising have application in Mexico, Canada, India and China. The same flywheel assets are adapted to be relevant to the specific needs of the customer in each market and to leverage our different operating models.  
Let me focus on Mexico and India for a minute. We see an opportunity to grow eCommerce market share in Mexico. Our stores business is strong and an omnichannel approach will be a winner in this market. Our Walmex team has done a great job of growing eCommerce, including a strong same-day delivery option from stores and clubs. The pandemic had a similar impact to customer trends in Mexico as it did in the U.S. So now, the next step for us is to leverage the momentum we have to grow 1P and 3P eCommerce through investments in technology, supply chain and customer acquisition. The team is building alternative income streams to complement our traditional retail business, including advertising.  
In India, our momentum and potential for growth make this a unique opportunity. eCommerce penetration is still low, but growing rapidly. We're well positioned to grow as an emerging middle class spends more money through their mobile phones. Like the U.S. and Mexico, this is a market where we'll step on the gas to ensure we have the appropriate level of investment in areas like supply chain. The PhonePe business continues to grow and perform very well. These are homegrown businesses with innovation and problem-solving for the Indian customer at their core. We continue to be impressed with Flipkart and PhonePe talent led by Kalyan and Sameer. You'll hear from them along with Judith in a little while.  
I've talked a lot about investing for growth, and I also think it's important for us to call out the areas where we're narrowing our focus and making choices. We're deploying capital to areas where we see the best opportunity for growth while pulling back in other areas. 
Over the last few years, you've seen us divest restaurants and apparel specialty chain, banks, VUDU, and eCommerce businesses and brands, along with markets like Brazil and Argentina. We've announced new ownership structures in the U.K. and Japan, moving us to a minority position. We've executed these decisions to narrow our focus while also developing important partnerships to drive growth like those with JD.com, Dada, Aditya Birla Fashion Retailer (sic) [ Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail ] and Ninjacart. We're being deliberate about where we invest, where we divest and where we partner. We're a good partner, and we're flexible.  
In order for us to pull all of these work streams together into a cohesive, well-executed strategy, the organization has to think and work in new ways. Think about it as an enabler of our strategy. Whether it's moving to an agile way of working, prioritizing digital acumen and diversity in our talent base or developing new ownership structures around the world, we will function in a way that supports innovation, speed and productivity. Our product teams and technologists are working hand-in-hand with business leaders every day to develop and deploy the right products at the right time for our customers and associates. The tech team we've assembled is working to take our technology to the next level.
We'll do the things I've described while staying true to our purpose and our core values and while taking a shared value approach. The best way to create a valuable company is to build for the long term, manage the short term and serve all the relevant stakeholders. So we're systems thinkers. We connect dots. We design sustainability into our holistic supply chain and save money doing it by eliminating waste. Environmental, social and governance issues aren't side projects. They are strategic, core and part of our culture as aspirations push us beyond sustainability. 
This is a holistic approach that supports and replenishes humanity in nature. Regeneration means renewing and replenishing, in addition to preserving and doing less harm. Our target of 0 emissions by 2040 with no offsets is an ambitious and motivating challenge. We believe it's important to push towards 0 in our own operations, even where it's difficult and may not be feasible with current technology. Our push will help drive necessary innovation. We'll lead where we can and help make possible what's not currently possible. 
Climate change remains at the forefront of our ambitions on regeneration. And you've heard us talk many times about Project Gigaton and our efforts to reduce emissions in the supply chain of our business and those of our suppliers. To date, suppliers have reported a cumulative 375 million metric tons of avoided emissions. We're well on our way to our goal of avoiding 1 billion metric tons of emissions.  
In summary, we are confident in our strategy. Now is the time for us to be aggressive. Speed matters. We're going to keep the customer in the center and design for them. The new business model we're building will allow us to thrive, to reinvent. There is so much opportunity in front of us. Our associates, including our leadership, are the reason we have so much confidence. Sam Walton was described as a merchant with a servant's heart. Our associates are continuing that legacy. Thank you for your attention.  
In a moment, we'll begin the first of 2 Q&A sessions. Brett and I will take your questions about what we've shared so far, and then you'll hear more from the team.

Peter, I'll just add that I'm really excited that we're now to the point where we can invest in some of this automation. I know you've been following this closely. We've been working on this for a while. And now we've got these various forms, distribution center technology, fulfillment center technology, store-level market fulfillment center technology that we can start to really scale. And that will take a few years to roll that out. But we like the customer experience benefits, we like the productivity improvements that we're going to see. And this year just really fast-forwarded things in terms of customer behavior, we think the vast majority of that behavior is going to last, and it's terrific that the automation we've been working on is now ready. Maybe if anything, I wish it had been ready a year ago, but at least we're there now, and we can get going on it. And so I'm really excited about that. 
As it relates to associate wages, the approach that we have been trying to take for years now is to make sure that we're creating this ladder of opportunity, providing an opportunity for people when they start with the company to build a career, like so many of us have. And so the investments that we're making right now are aimed at this new structure that we've put in place. It's even more of a team approach to getting the work done across the store that needs to get done. Obviously, picking in the store has become really important. Managing inventory is obviously really important. And this new structure is going to help us do those things more effectively. And those people that we're raising wages for tend to have been with us for a longer period of time than someone that might be earning the entry wage. And so we're trying to move that average up, create that ladder and continue to have associates that come through our system and become store managers. We've got about 75% of our store management that starts as hourlies. 
The alternative would be to invest all of that to try and get to $15 faster. But if we do that, then we wouldn't be able to create this succession that we're committed to creating. We will raise our starting wage rate over time, and I think our history proves that. I mean we've gone, since 2015, from $9 to $10 to $11. We're up over 50% in our starting wage rate. And we will be sensitive to geographies, there are parts of the country where the starting wage should be lower than others. And we're obviously really well aware of what's happening nationally with this discussion around $15. And think that, that's an important target, but also think that, that should be paced in a way that's good for the U.S. economy. And you can kind of see us as a model working through how that works. But I'm really excited to raise the wages today for so many people.

As it relates to U.S. growth, Paul, obviously, there's a lot of variance week-to-week, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. And I'm sure every retailer -- and we certainly did, kept a really good diary about what was happening every day as we went through that year, and just looking back on all the things that happened, even in February and March 1 year ago is a long list of activities, things that occurred in the environment and decisions that we made. Many of those decisions restricted sales in our stores. We changed hours. We metered how many people could be in the store. 
And obviously, we were hit hard from an in-stock point of view. Normally, it's a great thing to have inventory turns, and we were managing our supply chain well, but we didn't have these huge stockpiles sitting to the side for the surges that we saw in things like consumables. So I have never seen anything like what happened in our stores as we went through the year, and it was a real challenge for our associates. Our store managers, our system managers, our associates deserve so much credit for being able to adapt. Some of them were on leave. We had people join the company. We hired over 0.5 million people during the course of last year to help fill in for those on leave and to react to the additional demand that we had for pick and delivery. So imagine being a store manager dealing with a lot of associates without much experience. 
So we've got all these things underneath the surface, in-stock, store hours, associates that were less experienced, all of those factors cause us to think if things continue to improve, the vaccine rollout continues, people start to come back out, people will come back to Walmart that may have been shopping locally because they were trying to manage the COVID situation carefully. We've talked about our market shares as we've gone through the year. We think we've got an opportunity in food and consumables to grow market share this next year. So those are the kinds of things that cause us to feel like it's appropriate to forecast that increase in sales and then go earn it. There will be a lot of volatility quarter-by-quarter, and we'll just do the best job we can, Paul, of explaining what we're seeing as we go through it.

It's helpful to have the eCommerce improvements that we saw, Brett mentioned, the contribution profit improvement. That's driven through apparel and home mix and other things, including the fact that we finally put our merchant teams together, and John and Marc worked really well with the merchants, Scott McCall and others to help people come on board and take on that additional responsibility in a way that's been helpful. And then the volume growth leverages fixed cost in a different way. So as you've heard over and over again, a lot of things just got fast forwarded and changed the shape of what we're looking at.

I'll go first. When you think about why not more, the 2 pieces that go through my mind are the automation investments and then the wage investment. On the automation side, I think we're going as quickly and as aggressively as we can and should go. These things will take some time. If we find that it's working really well and we can go faster, I'm going to be in the camp of wanting to go faster because this looks like it's going to be really great for our supply chain, great for customers, great for the company from a financial point of view.
On the wage side, we've been on a path. We've got a strategy. We've got a plan. And we're executing that plan. And you'll just see us continue to make investments at the right time, we think, in the right levels while also investing in automation to help with productivity. We're trying to play a harmony here and balance these things together. 
And one of the things I'm excited about, by the way, is that as we've been changing, we've been able to add a lot of jobs, which I think is great. It's great for the economy, it's great for people to have employment. And automation, historically, tends to change work and create new opportunities, and I think that's what we're seeing. I mean the number of people that we've hired to pick orders in stores and the number of people that we'll need to run the automation investments that we're making, there's going to be opportunity for folks. And we're trying to craft this whole approach with not only hourly wages, but what we do with benefits and incentives, what we do with health care, what we do with 401(k) match and all of those things to retain people in a way that you get the highest level of productivity because people are bought in on what the company is doing. So we think we're doing this strategically at the right pace as it relates to the wage investments. 
So I think the one place where we could go faster, if it all works, is automation, and it is a pull forward. And we were planning on doing these things. I think 2 things happened. One is the pandemic changed behavior faster than we would have in our model. And then secondly, it just so happens that 2 or 3 of these kind of came together in a way that they're ready to be scaled at the same time, and that's great.

Absolutely. We want that to happen. We think that will happen. And we've got a path to make that happen. And it's cool that it's happening in a different way that's sustainable and more digital in nature. I mean we've become more of a digital company, and that's important in the way that customers live and work and behave these days and the way you can stitch things together. 
I remember growing up watching other retailers, Sears comes to mind, that diversified and learning in business school that there were mistakes made. And looking at what's happening today and what we're trying to do, the thing that's different is technology. The Internet is different. Digital is different. The way you can stitch these things together is different. And when I look at the flywheel that we showed you a few minutes ago, I get really excited about the arrows that connect the dots. If we can design these things in a way that we become more of a default for certain aspects of their life because of the way we've intuitively designed things, that's where the magic can really happen. And that is possible today because of digital and technology when it wasn't years ago.

It doesn't feel like we're getting too far away from core -- I'm not worried about...

Yes.

And we've got a team today that thinks that way. Some of the talent that's been with us for a long time as well as some new folks.

Well, Bob, if we're ready to talk about that, we would have gone ahead and told you that, that was what we were planning. But it's obvious that as you put the customer in the middle, you put families in the middle, and you think about the opportunity you have. If you're the ones selling them the items they buy all the time and serving up the items that they might love to discover, it just creates all kinds of opportunity. 
I think financial services as a suite is one example. Health care leads you in a lot of different places. The idea that we could help people with health care in a way that makes health care in the country more preventative, certainly high quality, affordable, accessible, is something that I think not only opens us up to all of the industries that make up health care but also helps with their overall relationship and the way that people think about Walmart, and that could lead us in a lot of different directions.  
The other one that comes to mind that was on our list, but we didn't talk a lot about it is data monetization. Data is obviously really valuable. And we've got a history of giving our data away to suppliers and doing that so that we could get in stock, and that's obviously really important. And some portions of our data will continue to be free because we need their help serving our mutual customers. But there are other aspects of our data that are really valuable and can be put to work in ways that we haven't before. And the concept of building products, digital products, that we can use internally and also monetize outside is a really exciting prospect. And some of those things will be purely digital, some of them will be a combination of people plus digital. Think of last mile, for example. This advantage that we have with supercenters so close to people can be monetized in ways that we haven't before because of the speed it provides and the relationship that it provides.  
So I think in future years, just as we did today, we'll show you this evolving business model and show you new things. And in some cases we may tell you, this one didn't work, we're taking it off, we're adding this one on. And I think that's how it should be, frankly.  
Go ahead, Bob. We still see you.

Yes, I'll just add that John and Scott and the team are thinking about rollbacks. I mean there are going to be times this year that are going to be difficult for families, and we've got this history of creating rollbacks and lowering prices, and some of those plans are in place with the guidance that we gave you earlier today.

Yes, I'll go first on primary destination. The supercenter does a great job of doing that. And I always think of what it was like when I was a teenager, my mom was headed out the door, and she would say, "I'm going to Walmart, what do you need?" I didn't really think about it then, but looking back on it now, the fact that she didn't say, "I'm going shopping" or "I'm going to a grocery store, what do you need?" She said, "I'm going to Walmart." And she bought everything that we could possibly buy at Walmart and so many Americans and people around the world do that today, and that's obviously really important. 
But we didn't get that done in eCommerce in early stages. We weren't the first place you go when it's time to buy products online. We're trying to change that, obviously. You've got to earn that. You've got to have the assortment, you got to have price, you've got to have -- provide a service, you got to deliver when you're supposed to deliver, all of those things have to be done, and it takes some time to build those kinds of capabilities. But as we're building that, the opportunity that we have is in the way that we put them together. And if the combination of the supercenter stores, neighborhood markets, in some cases, Sam's Club and the Internet can cause Walmart in the omnichannel future to continue to be primary destination, that's obviously the #1 thing that we want to get done, and that's a priority for us.  
Once you have that, and that doesn't mean it's just food consumables, people are buying a lot of hardlines or buying general merchandise. Our general merchandise share went up this past year, driven largely by what was happening in stores. eCommerce obviously grew at a higher rate, but the store volume was amazing. If we can get that done, it opens up all these other opportunities with the flywheel as we were discussing earlier.
Walmart+ is a component of that plan. But the #1 aspect of the 3 dimensions we've got today for Walmart+ is the delivery of items from our supercenters. eCommerce deliveries are important, but the supercenter perishable assortment is obviously really important. And we've got a limit on how much we can pick and deliver from stores. The automation that we're investing in will help change that. And the other capacity choices that we're making will help unlock that, which will enable Walmart+ to grow more. 
We don't want to get ahead of ourselves and go sell too many Walmart+ memberships and have a customer experience that is less than our expectation or their expectation. So Net Promoter Score is a key metric, for example, that we keep our eye on. So Walmart+ will grow, and there may be some things that we add to it over time that are more digital in nature that enable even more membership growth. But when I think about Walmart+, the thing that I'm focused on most is the Net Promoter Score of a Walmart+ member, not the number of memberships that we're selling. The number of memberships will work out, but let's focus on quality as we start to scale it. 
Walmart+ then unlocks data that we can use to serve up items for customers more effectively, which helps us with margin mix. So that's important and something that, over time, will matter to the company. We're not great at that today. It's a skill we're learning. And I think in the future, it will be even more important to the company.

Yes. There was a time when I think a lot of people thought, given our scale, that we could only grow 1% or 2%. And even before the pandemic, we had proven that was not the case. I mean if you do what customers want you to do, you can grow the top line and then you can manage the bottom line. So we think what we put in place the last few years, I'm really confident, will help us for a generation. And that's what we're out to do. 
We're out to position the company for the next-generation of retail. And we think because of omni and because of our culture and because of our progress in technology and mindset shift that we've got the opportunity to do that. And we'll manage the short term, but we're building for the long term.

And some of those things are scaling now. So as we talk about fulfillment services and advertising and some of these other things, 2 years ago, we were just getting started or 18 months ago. I think PhonePe is only 4, 5 years old. I mean some of the numbers Judith was covering, I was like, "Really? It reached that scale in like 4 years?"

Right. So when I look at our situation, at our flywheel, I don't feel like there is anything speculative in it. We've got traction on these things. It's just that they're smaller, but the ability to grow them seems apparent if we just execute, and we can execute.

Yes. I think the wage investment will pay off. And if you're one of those 400,000 people that we're talking about today, your attitude about Walmart, the way you're feeling today is different. And we're asking them to do work in a different way. We're asking our associates to adapt. And I think the investments we're making in them correspond to that. So I do expect a nice return from those investments. It will help with retention, it will help with them being able to do their jobs at a really high level of productivity.  
I am a little distracted by Michael's lack of an ability to shave. And I'm worried about our razor sales. I'm sorry, I could not get that thought out of my mind.

We sell a lot of razors on the app, Michael, like you can get...

I know there's a lot of folks that have done...

Yes, I'll look forward to when we're together in person. It's a challenge to do all this virtually. 
As it relates to the 4% growth, we just have a lot of opportunity with eCommerce. We're not good at it yet. I mean we're adding assortment, we're adding brands. Things are scaling. The marketplace is scaling nicely. We need more investment in capacity to have the fulfillment service achieve its potential and serve customers as well as ultimately we must. So yes, I think the investments that we're making are going to create upside, which should translate into not just keeping up with market growth, but exceeding market growth, building on the other relationships we have with customers, including the one that's most important right now, which is the one in our stores.

Yes. There's some room, and we'll manage the year as we can go through it as best we can. We've got, as Brett and I talked about all these levers all the time, and gross margin is one of them. But I wouldn't want to do anything, Michael, that harms the business or slows down the strategy beyond this coming year. I think we're going to be fine this coming year, and we've done the best job we can of describing to you what we see, but we're -- the decisions we're talking about mostly today are not aimed at the next 12 months. They're aimed at the next few years, and we won't lose sight of that. We'll stay on track as it relates to those kinds of things.

Yes. I think as it relates to advertising, Robby, we've got a unique opportunity because of our stores. We've got all of the things available to us related to eCommerce growth and digital growth and the reporting we provide for the investors in our advertising program is there. And we can show you that down the road, if a customer decides to come into a physical store, our store, and buy it, we can connect those dots for you. That's the unique proposition of our advertising program. And we just haven't been that aggressive with our site and app. We want to preserve the customer experience when they're looking for an item and not have ads clutter that up in a way that is going to detract from the experience. So we're going to manage that as we drive the growth up. But as I mentioned before, there's just a ton of traction there. 
What's happening with social commerce is exciting. It's been nice to have assets around the world, including in China, to learn from how people are behaving as it relates to social commerce. And we think we've got an opportunity to partner in different ways with different people to connect the dot on commerce because sometimes a marketplace approach to a front-end that's driven by advertising doesn't result in the best customer experience because of the lack of fulfillment or other components that make up a great, seamless, fast, simple experience. 
The TikTok live stream that we tried, I think, attracted 700,000 people and that happened kind of quick. And I think we can do an even better job of bringing attention to events like that when we want to. So the team is learning. And it'll -- I think in 6 months, 12 months, we'll look back on social commerce and we'll see more traction and we'll see Walmart playing a role in that. In some cases, that will be just a simple partnership, and we'll work out the terms of that partnership, and that's what I think you can expect from us as it relates to that.  
There is a connection back to advertising. We're -- I think our mindset needs to be we're a retailer first, commerce first, serve the customer first and all these other things that flow from that, including the monetization of data and advertising will be secondary and tertiary to the #1 thing.

The growth in marketplace was a big deal, too. I mean the first-party contribution profit got better and then marketplace scaled, which helps blend the whole thing together. And Robby, it's kind of reminiscent of how we managed mix back when I learned merchandising to begin with. We had items that we made higher margins on and items we made lower margins on. Today, we're just doing the same thing. It's mix management. But we not only manage category mix, but we manage channel mix with 1P, 3P, all the components that we're talking about, which I think is helpful as it relates to our structure now. The omnichannel approach gives people an opportunity to manage things across, and that's how they should be managed.

Thanks, Kath. Now let's talk technology. I'm joined by Suresh Kumar, our Chief Technology and Development Officer. I know many of you had a chance to meet him at last year's meeting, he has been busy. He and his team are leading the effort to modernize our tech stack, put our data to work and build new capabilities and income streams. Suresh, last year, we shared our plan to modernize our tech stack. Please tell everyone about our progress.

That's really good stuff. To me, the highlights are the team we've assembled and the fact we stayed on schedule with all of those things during a pandemic, and you worked remotely to get it all done is just amazing. A lot of the work that you just described, though, is necessary for kind of the mid- and long term. But we are actually already seeing some benefits from the modernization now. Would you share some of those?

Our store associates enjoy doing it, too.

Huge.

You and the team did some incredible things in 2020, for example, supporting the surge in eCommerce was amazing. But what are you most proud of?

Yes, your team stood tall in 2020. Looking forward, we're changing our business quickly, and we're building new capabilities with tech playing a key role. What are some of the things that excites you the most?

Awesome.

Me to, and really appreciate those savings, by the way. Now let's talk about priorities. What will you be focused on looking ahead?

It sure is. Suresh, thank you for everything your team is doing. Thank you for the momentum that you're building. 
We covered a lot today. Thank you for your time and attention. Our focus is on our customers, on people. On the families we serve. And we're excited about getting even more aggressive. We have a strong, deep team, and we will execute. We will strengthen this company in a way that benefits a lot of people for a long time to come. 
Now we'd like to give you a 5-minute break to grab a coffee and stretch your legs. And when we come back, we'll have a Q&A session that will include Brett, John, Judith and Kath. Thank you all. 
[Break]

Yes. Judith, do you want to kick that off? And maybe, John, you can comment?

As it relates to edge compute, Oliver, this year's focus was on increasing the pipe or the bandwidth into a lot of our stores because we imagine future use cases along the lines of what Suresh talked about just a few minutes ago with an app that you can hold up and see which merchandise to pull forward. We'll use handhelds for that for a period of time. Someday, we may have wearables, and we can imagine other enterprise uses in addition to that example, and there may be excess capacity to monetize on top of that. We'll just have to see how much we need ourselves.

John, I might kick it off just by saying we made a deliberate choice years ago to focus on pickup in the U.S. before focusing on delivery. We were doing delivery in the U.K. and other markets. And Judith, we were learning a lot from what Asda had done with delivery. But in the U.S., we thought based on how large the country is and how people like to drive their cars and they do drive-throughs for food and banks and everything else. That we had the opportunity to really focus on pickup for a few years, which was obviously advantageous to us economically. And those capabilities, which we cut and pasted software from Asda to get it started, which is great, those capabilities, actually, John, were the unlock to productivity for delivery, which you're building on now?

The fact that we've attracted more new customers with the pickup and delivery services is also helpful. I think there are a lot of folks who weren't shopping Walmart in stores that once those services were available, they were excited to take advantage of them and try them. And Kath, that includes Sam's Club, where this year, you've added a lot more curbside capacity.

I think it's one of the drivers of membership growth, the fact that people could take advantage of Sam's without coming into the building during a pandemic.

John, maybe a little bit more on last mile. Our current arrangements include Spark, our own independent contractor platform, which has been scaling and growing. 
We also have relationships with others that do this similar type of work. You've had some experiments going on with AV. Here locally, there's a vehicle that's running around some experience with drones now, trying different things.
Anything more on density or how you see last mile going forward?

Greg, like we do with our private fleet. There are loads that we want to move. There are times when we use third parties to move those. I think there will be a hybrid approach here, some mix of our assets and a whole lot of relationships with others to build out the entire network.

Probably the #1 thing we need to get done is we need to get the country vaccinated. So there's a lot of effort and time and attention into how we can help scale that effort. I think, John, we're maybe 22 states last week. You might talk a little bit about vaccinations and the role we're playing, as you talk about categories?

I think financial services is core. I mean we've got a great opportunity in India. We've had a financial services business, obviously, in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, other places. And it's so integral to commerce and creates so many different use cases and opportunities to deepen the relationship with the customers, save them money which we've done well over time, but it's been more store centric than what the future will look like. 
And because we want PhonePe to be focused on India, primarily, we've taken a different approach in the U.S., John, you might elaborate more on it.

Wage inflation, generally speaking, is good for us in every country where we operate, it's good for us in the United States. If a market is going up, it's also good for us if our associates' wages are going up, and they have more disposable income. We're obviously the first place they think of. They -- many of them are working there every day. So we do want to see wages go up, we just got to get the pace right, all things considered.
And as it relates to eCommerce, Brett, do you want to comment on that?

We just -- these days, think of it as an omni P&L even more than ever. So we're -- I think Brett's done a nice job explaining it today, all these different pieces and variables. And we look at it holistically. And as we've shared before, we've got a cadence that we work through to manage the financials to decide where we're going to step on the gas, where we're going to be more conservative.
The e-com P&L, we won't lose sight of, we'll still track, obviously, GMV sales, contribution profit by category, the fixed cost. We've got great visibility into that, but the customer relationship pulls stores and e-com together. And generally speaking, we're thinking about this as a holistic and omni business, not in silos anymore.

Yes. I'll just close by saying thank you. I mean we know so many of you and appreciate the time and attention you pay to the company. Hopefully, most of you are aligned with our view. We're building this for the long term. We're going to manage the short term. There have been times these past few quarters where we've been able to have a positive surprise to the upside. We're going to go to work. We're going to execute. We're going to build for the long term and manage the short term as we go, and you guys can give us feedback and hold us accountable based on the actual results.
So we'll get back to work. Hopefully, we'll see a little bit of a warmer temperature around this part of the world and get all of our stores back open and get customers back in them and build from there. Thank you, all.