Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining us today. We're encouraged by our performance for the year because we believe our customers are noticing our improvements, but we continue to see many ways we can serve them better. We're even more convinced they want us and expect us to bring our stores and eCommerce businesses together in a digitally connected seamless way that makes shopping easier. We experienced a favorable economic environment in the U.S. for much of the year and our associates made a lot happen to drive the strength of our results.
Brett will go into more detail on our results shortly. I am particularly encouraged by our sales results in the quarter. In Q4, Walmart U.S. grew comp sales 4.2%, excluding fuel; eCommerce sales increased 43% and we gained market share in key categories such as grocery and toys, according to Nielsen and the NPD Group.
Sam's Club finished the year with another strong quarter with comp sales growth of 5.3%, excluding fuel and tobacco; and in International, comps were positive in the majority of our markets. Strong top line results allow us to reiterate the FY '20 sales and profit guidance we gave in October even as we landed FY '19 ahead of where we expected. We strive to make everyday easier for busy families as we increase convenience and save them money and time. Part of our strategy is to build on our existing strengths such as having a broad assortment, including fresh and perishable foods within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Our stores and clubs are becoming more digital and we're using technology to change how we work. More customers can now access our brand through multiple channels and it's important that we engage them in different ways. We learned that those customers who shop with us both in stores and online spend about twice as much in total and they spend more in our stores.
Across the business, you can see examples of how we're meeting the changing needs of customers and delivering solutions that are increasing customer engagement. In the U.S., we offer grocery pickup at more than 2,100 locations and grocery delivery at nearly 800 locations, which represents about 69% and 36% of the population, respectively. Feedback from customers about these services continues to be very positive, which speaks to the capabilities of our roughly 37,000 personal shoppers.
In Mexico, we're delighting customers with new experiences such as a secured digital payment option. It's available on their mobile phones and in-store kiosks that offer a broad assortment of products with flexible pickup times. In addition, through our investment in the crowd-sourced delivery platform Dada-JD Daojia, customers in China get their merchandise in less than an hour by placing the order and it's picked from a network of more than 280 locations.
We continue to build trust, which we believe will become even more of a competitive advantage. Around the world, Walmart plays an important role in the communities we serve by using our scale for good. Whether it's our work to promote small businesses and local farmers in places like India or larger scale initiatives such as our effort to double our use of renewable energy in the U.S. by 2025, customers can feel good about Walmart, a company that starts every day with a goal of earning their business.
It's nice to be recognized for the work we're doing to promote shared value. In fact, the company recently received an A- rating on the CDP's annual environmental scorecard, up from a B rating last year. And we're ranked as the survey's top-performing U.S.-based food retailer.
Shared value is an important concept and something that we have fully embraced as we think about how to best allocate our time and capital, deliver strong efficient growth, reduce costs and operate with discipline. Within this construct, customers, associates, communities and shareholders can win.
Now let's move on to highlights from the year for our operating segments. I'll begin with Walmart U.S. where the team had a great year. Comp sales growth of 3.6% for fiscal year '19 exceeded our expectations. The work the team has done to balance inventory levels within stock rates is impressive. The team leveraged operating expenses overall even as we invested in wages, training, technology and eCommerce. Store-level productivity is strong due in part to the training we're providing our associates. As the nature of work continues to change, we're innovating to empower associates to better serve customers as they develop new skills, driving their jobs and growing their careers. This coming year, we'll add new ways for associates to better manage their schedules and earn greater incentive payouts and will introduce new training options, including through advances in technology and the gamification of educational experiences.
Overall, I'm pleased with what I see operationally and with our merchandising. The investments we're making in our people, remodels and technology are helping to ensure that our stores are easy to navigate, fast, friendly and fun to shop. Having a great store or site starts with having great merchandise. In our stores, you can see the quality improvements in fresh food and in apparel with our new private brands. We're also doing well in our seasonal businesses and toys.
We're making progress in eCommerce. Our focus remains on earning repeat visits and strengthening our assortment of merchandise. We're expanding our assortment, improving search, enhancing our website and executing better on the fundamentals such as product reviews, inventory mirroring and on-time delivery to accomplish this. And of course, we remain committed to providing a superior value proposition as we compete aggressively on price across a broad spectrum of products.
Sales in eCommerce increased 40% for the year. We will continue to play offense and innovate as we shape the future of omni-retail. This includes the expansion of innovative services like online grocery pickup and delivery.
Our previous investments in fulfillment centers and systems, plus our acquisitions, are helping us drive strong sales, but we need to make more progress to improve profitability. Our fulfillment and shipping costs are improving as we continue to enhance our assortment, repeat visits should increase and contribute to improved profitability.
We made good progress during the year to add more brands and exclusive items through new partnerships with Lord & Taylor, Ellen DeGeneres, Advance Auto, Sofia Vergara and Fanatics, to name a few. These initiatives are contributing to the improvements we see in key metrics like the customer value index as well as NPS, which is now more than 10 points ahead of last year.
Many opportunities exist, mainly driven by data and we'll look to leverage our unique assets and capability better than we do today.
At Sam's Club, the team has taken bold steps to transform the business by focusing on people, products and working in a more digital way. Excluding fuel and tobacco, comp sales for the year increased 5.7% and eCommerce sales grew 27%. When someone downloads the app, shops on SamsClub.com or uses Scan & Go, they're more likely to renew.
We're encouraged by the trends we see in membership. As of year-end, we saw improvements in sign-ups and plus penetration and membership count is essentially flat to where it was a year ago despite the closure of nearly 10% of the fleet.
In International, 8 of our markets posted positive comp sales for the year, including the 4 major markets. And overall sales increased 2.9% in constant currency. It's been a big year for International as we run the business while shaping the portfolio.
Walmex continues to be strong. The improvements we're making are helping drive traffic and we saw improvements in NPS in each of our formats. Similar to the U.S., we're now leveraging our store base to offer same-day delivery. We recently expanded the available assortment to offer more than 5,000 general merchandise items to this service. We'll continue to invest in our stores and in eCommerce to build an omni-channel experience tailored to customers in this market.
Our business in Canada also continues to perform well. The team is moving quickly to modernize the store base and expand omni-channel capabilities with a focus on gaining greater access to urban markets. For example, we've entered into new partnerships this year in cities like Toronto and Vancouver to help expand our delivery options in grocery and general merchandise. In the U.K., Brexit and the potential implications of a hard Brexit is increasingly on the mind of everyone. No matter the situation, Asda will always work to keep prices as low as possible for its customers. I visited our team in the U.K. a few weeks ago and I'm really impressed with their performance, their attitudes and their leadership. They're amazing.
In India, we remain optimistic about the eCommerce opportunity given the size of the market, the low penetration of eCommerce in the retail channel and the pace at which it's growing. In the future, we hope to work with the government for pro-growth policies that can allow this nascent industry and the domestic manufacturers, farmers and suppliers that benefit from it to develop and prosper. In terms of the regulatory environment, we were disappointed in the recent change in law and the lack of consultation, but the team has worked to ensure we're in compliance with the new rules. We're committed to providing sellers with a world-class platform to sell on and customers with a high quality of service. We hope for a collaborative regulatory process going forward, which results in a level playing field.
Turning to China, we continue to see significant growth opportunities. Overall, we've identified provinces that are a priority for us and we're improving the value proposition through better quality of fresh items as well as with new store designs and omni-channel initiatives. Uncertainties with trade or other macro factors can make for a more challenging environment. But I like the things we're doing to position ourselves in this important market.
Across International, we're accelerating omni-channel capabilities. We are the furthest along in China due to the partnership with JD.com, our relationship with Tencent and the investments we've made in last-mile delivery. We're also accelerating omni growth in Canada, Mexico, Chile and Japan through partnerships and acquisitions. The International team has the talent and scale to deliver sustainable growth for the company and to make a difference in communities across the globe.
In closing, let me say how pleased I am about all that we've accomplished over the last year and how excited I am about what's still to come. We see the future as a frictionless experience across stores and eCommerce, but we have more work to do as customers raise their expectations, competition persists and the omni-retail story continues to evolve. 
We fully expect the pace of change to accelerate in the next 5 years versus the last 5 years as emerging technologies come together to transform retail even further, and we're adapting. What we once could only imagine a decade ago will increasingly become reality. We will embrace new technologies to solve problems for customers in a seamless way and equip associates with tools to make them more productive. Within our ecosystem, we will pursue and grow adjacent businesses to increase customer engagement and will leverage core capabilities to deliver services to others that could generate new revenue streams.
Our commitment to the customer is clear. We'll be there when, where and how they want to shop. Our distinctive set of assets, financial strength and innovative culture are delivering the customers new experiences that are uniquely Walmart.
Brett, you want to pick it up there?

Yes, Simeon, this is Doug. I think the headline answer is it's mix, and that mix has got to generate a customer experience that drives repeat business. So if you break it down into pieces, we got this advantage of having the stores and fresh and perishable and the assortment of the supercenters close to customers. We're trying to drive that advantage and I believe, we've got good traction there. In parallel, we're trying to build an eCommerce business that in apparel, general merchandise you saw recently a new home launch from us with the brand modern, for example, trying to build an apparel home, hard lines business that brings customers back and generates a positive contribution margin for the basket. And there are different components of that basket. There's the pick cost, the shipping cost and then just the gross margin on the products. And the thing that's taking longer than what I would have guessed is to build that merchandise assortment, including the brands that we're trying to add to a place where we got a repeatable healthy mix of business online. So we're pedaling fast, trying to make that happen and disappointed that it's taken as long as it is.

Yes, Bob, this is Doug. We're confident in the 35% number for eCommerce and we'll drive that, as I just mentioned earlier, with the food and perishable business coming out of the supercenters. And we'll also drive it with the fulfillment center assortment that we're working on. Toys was a help in the fourth quarter. There was an opportunity there and the team did a good job of seizing it in total across stores and online.

Well, I can't comment on the future, the guidance for Flipkart's in the first quarter. I'll just say that the things that have happened have been disappointing in some ways, but they haven't shaken our confidence and excitement about what this is going to mean to the company in long term. And this isn't a story about 1 quarter or even 1 year. We hope to have an effective productive dialogue as it relates to future changes that happen. But in terms of how the business has behaved, it's in line with what we thought it would be.

Sure. And if I can take you back to the October analyst meeting, Peter, we put up a chart that we referred to as an ecosystem chart. And our thought process is that we've got this core merchandising capability that we can continue to strengthen and we can transform in some ways in terms of how we work differently, how we use technology and build on that with data and other components of our business to grow health and wellness where we've got an opportunity to be more important in that space. And financial service is another area, where we've historically done some things, but there appear to be more opportunities there for us. And there's some others that were represented on the chart that we're currently working on in a global fashion to create a business model by market that not only resonates with customers, but also delivers return for shareholders.

Yes, this is Doug, Kelly. I think it's going to take us some time to sort that out and communicate specifically with some of the pieces of equipment that you saw, but it'll happen. And we're just going to take our time, roll it from store group to store group. I'm really pleased and excited with how our managers are responding to all these new tools. There's amount in the stores. There is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for it. So that is a key part of our plan. We'll update you as things go on. But it will take us some time to put all the pieces together that we shared with you and some others that we've got coming.

I don't think we should get too specific by category. I think I would just say that the combination of cost pressures that we're feeling, with the price reductions that we're making has worked out in a way that the customers are not feeling very much impacted.

Karen, this is Doug. I think that's right. We're making good progress on mirroring and our total count is in the 75 million range now. There wasn't anything that I can think of that really surprised us in the fourth quarter as it relates to eCommerce. I would mention that you may remember a year ago, we had some fulfillment center challenges and the team did a great job of preparing for peak and executing it this year. And the customer experience was a lot better. So I was really pleased to see that.

Sure. Hi, Robbie. We're using a combination of last mile solutions. We're using crowd-sourced companies, and we have our own platform that's -- it's called Spark that we're experimenting with, and we're still playing around with some associate deliveries in a small way trying to figure that out. But it's the crowd-sourced delivery platforms that are really helping us achieve scale. Generally speaking, the delivery cost cover the cost. We're right now operating with something with breakeven mentalities as it relates to delivery costs. So customers are bearing that. But they really do lack the convenience. And I'm excited about figuring all this out. And the combination of great stores that can increasingly function as productive fulfillment centers, which, by the way, is helping keep pressure on in-stocks, which is what we saw from the U.K. years ago, really like that healthy pressure, together with pickup, which continues to have a high NPS score and people love it. Now with delivery and future enhancements in the future as it relates to the service end of that caused me to be really excited. It looks to me like there's a long runway here where our supercenters can double as fulfillment centers and stores and also generate a great store experience. So it looks promising.

Yes. If you just read the headlines, you might imagine things are pretty tough, but that's not really what we're seeing. I mean, if you look at our comp performance, Brett talked about the calendar change, but that aside, things have held up pretty well. And the Sam's Clubs continue to be really strong. I'm excited about the fact that we've got more of those in the pipeline and the comp performance in Sam's is great. The supercenters have been performing better and they look better. I think operationally, we've improved. And then we've been playing around with some supermarkets and may find an opportunity there, which can play a key role in last mile delivery. This relationship that we mentioned on last mile there is resulting in incredible customer experiences in terms of both the value for delivery, which is still, I think, around USD 1 and the speed with which you can get delivery given the density of the market is like incredible. So that feels okay. And I think if you look at the overall relationship, considering all the things that are happening in China, we're in pretty good shape. So I'm still -- I'm optimistic and recognize the tremendous opportunity that the market presents and we're constantly trying to think of our position in that market and how we might improve it.

I think, 2 dimensions there. One is the customer enthusiasm for those kinds of offers. And it's loud and clear to us that customers, no surprise, are really busy. And that if we can find a way to make things more convenient for them with pickup and delivery, they're all over it. So I think the ramp there in terms of how comp stores will behave in addition to the rollout that we're doing for additional stores is going to continue to be strong. We have been adding assortment over time. Some of the happiest customers that I have come across are customers that can place their back-to-school order and a grocery order together and go through pickup and knockout that list of things that you need for your kids as they go back to school. So and that includes a lot of items they are not food items. And then over time, we just keep adding as the stores learn how to pick categories that are different in nature than food. It's a different situation to go and pick light bulbs or to go pick some of these categories that may not have as much shelf capacity as we have in food. So we have to learn how to adjust our modulars so that you can expand the categories and the items. And I do think that'll help mix over time. And we may have seen that already. I haven't been tracking that part of it that closely, but it makes sense that, that basket would change shape and profitability would look better.

At first, I would say, the job that Greg and the team have done on inventory over the last few years has been phenomenal. I mean, being a merchant for so much of my career, I have so much respect for the way that they have driven in-stock levels, reduced inventory, reduced deleted inventory for quarter-after-quarter now. What happened in this case is that we saw the SNAP shift into the end of January. We built food inventories at the end of the quarter to make sure we were maximizing that opportunity. There's a little bit of pull forward of inventory in anticipation of what tariffs could mean in a worst-case scenario, although we certainly hope and expect that, that won't happen. So I'm not worried about the inventory level. It's high quality and there's a bit of a timing difference there, and overall that picture still looks really good.

I think that's exactly right. I think we're just recognizing that this last year had some tailwinds in it that this year we won't have.

So I think we'll see how the year goes and respond appropriately. But I would remind everybody that Flipkart is already an ecosystem. There's the PhonePe payment platform. There's last mile delivery. They're in the Myntra and Jabong businesses in apparel. So it's not just one thing and it's not just an eCommerce business in the traditional sense, there's a lot of dimension to it. So there, just like here, we've got a lot of different variables we can play with to manage the total, and I think we've forecasted it appropriately and we'll respond as the year goes on.

Good questions, Oliver. I think the mix of new customers in online grocery is positive and encouraging to us. It's not just existing customers using the service. So that's an exciting development. And as it relates to productivity, we're continuing to learn how to pick more efficiently using the apps and the tools that you've seen in the stores, plus we've got a few experiments going on with more automation to try and solve for future higher volumes. You can get to a point and we do cap in some store locations a place where we have too many pickers in the store and they get in a way of our customer shopping the side counter. So we've got to manage that effectively. We had a Salem, a project alert, I forget what we call it, AlphaBot maybe, the announcement that we made last year that's one to keep an eye on. But we're actively sorting out how to increase our in-stocks, increase productivity and have the customer experience continue to improve from an NPS point of view. That would be an ongoing stream of work.

I'll vouch for that.

On the wage side, Paul, we've just been moving up market-by-market. Our average now is about $17.50 for an hourly associate in the U.S. And I'm comfortable that we've got the appropriate wage investments to get the talent we need baked into the plan. Transportation costs, I'm not really close to what's happening right now. I would expect, based on what's happening with drivers, we're going to be in better shape from a transportation point of view as we go through the year. And it is helpful that gas prices are in the range that they're in and hope that continues to be the case. I think that's one of the things that benefited this last year. So glad to see them where they are.

Yes, before I mention that, I just want to clarify what I mentioned earlier $17.50 is actually $17.55 is the average hourly associate number with wages and benefits. As it relates to pricing, I think as I mentioned earlier, we've got an appropriately aggressive plan baked in. And it would depend on what happened with competition and the severities of price increases. I think we would manage margins as we bring all these variables together. I don't anticipate having a lot more inflation on the food side. And on the nonfood side, we're continuing to experience deflation for that part of the basket. And it works out.

I think we'll end up in a position where the customer can pick depending on the occasion how they want to shop. There'll be families that come into stores once a week or twice a month or whatever and they'll also use pickup, they'll also use delivery and we'll have the ability to serve them in all those ways. There's an interesting opportunity if you could get to a point where customers pick their delivery window in the home or to the door unattended. You can decouple the speed of delivery in a way that helps us manage costs. So as the volume goes up and density improves, I think we'll try to figure out how to drive a basket business that looks more like a dense route than a 1-hour or 30-minute race to deliver to somebody's house. That may be different for restaurant delivery than it is for grocery delivery. It seems like those use cases are different enough. So we've got some tests going on and real-time learning here to try and do it in a way that customers want it to be done and create that optionality for them. And it's kind of one more mix opportunity for us. We grew up managing merchandise mix and still do and now we're managing a service mix. And the good news is that once customers are in your ecosystem, they use you in some way, as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, you get the opportunity to expand on that relationship, and that's what we're trying to do.

The first quarter is always a challenge because you've got an Easter change. There's weather that's a little more impactful in its volatility. We've got the snap movement in the first quarter, the tax rebates come in different windows of time, sometimes are concentrated in a few days, sometimes they're spread out over weeks. So it makes it exciting to manage Q1. But underneath all that, I agree with what Brett said. They're in pretty good shape. On Jet, I'm really pleased with the role that it's playing attracting new brands. And our focus, as we've mentioned before, is on urban markets. So it's an opportunity to learn and to try new items and different items in some cases than we have in walmart.com. So that's the role it's playing.

Yes, preserving flexibility there, I think it's important. We've never led a digital transformation at this scale before. So we're figuring this out as we go. But if there's an opportunity to be more aggressive, given the total balance of the business, we would be thinking about that. Adding digital brands, we're after assortment, we're after a repetitive customer relationship and we're looking constantly at various acquisitions. And I think what you've seen from us in the past will continue to some extent. It's impossible to predict the pace of it -- of the number. So we'll just have to see at the end of the year how it'll be worked out.

Thanks, everyone.