Good morning, and thanks for joining today's call. Our results for the first quarter were strong. We're pleased with our sales momentum and adjusted EPS growth of 43% versus last year. We had strong performance in all 3 segments.  
As the pandemic continues, it's impacting the countries where we operate in different ways, so our teams are adapting to overcome the challenges and deliver the strong results we're sharing today. We continue to be grateful to all of our associates for their dedication to serving others.  
2021 brings its own unique challenges and uncertainty. But overall, my optimism is higher than it was at the beginning of the year for several reasons. In the U.S., economic stimulus is clearly having an impact, but we also see encouraging signs that our customers want to get out and shop. Our execution is improving despite the hurdles presented by the pandemic.  
The second half will likely have more uncertainty than a normal year, but we like our position. Our stores are getting stronger and our eCommerce capabilities are expanding as we continue to grow. Customers will decide how and when they want to shop, and they will find us ready, whether they want to shop in store, pick up an order or have it delivered.  
Key elements of our strategy are coming together nicely. We saw an acceleration of traffic in our stores, gained market share in grocery, improved in-stock levels and grew eCommerce sales globally by 43% in constant currency, excluding recent divestitures. Global eCommerce penetration now represents over 12% of total company sales, an increase of 340 basis points over last year.  
Looking ahead, we'll navigate the supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures, whether that's in cost of goods or wages. We'll monitor our price gaps and adjust as appropriate with both customers and shareholders in mind.  
As it relates to COVID-19, the past several weeks have been more challenging in some countries. India, Canada, Chile and South Africa are priorities at the moment. Supporting our associates is our primary focus, but we're also investing our resources to support the countries as we find opportunities to do so. In India, we're donating oxygen concentrators, PPE and financial support.  
When it comes to helping people get vaccinated, we're engaged in multiple countries. In the U.S., we've administered millions of doses. We're taking steps to encourage our associates and everyone to become vaccinated. Given CDC guidance, our U.S. associates that have been vaccinated can now work without a mask if they choose to, and we've added a cash incentive as one more step to encourage vaccinations. All of our Walmart and Sam's Club pharmacies in the U.S. are administering vaccines, and we can provide them without an appointment. We've also collaborated with national and local organizations to support more than 200 community events across the country so far.  
In India, we're facilitating vaccinations for our associates and their households and our Flipkart and PhonePe contractors, more than 200,000 people. Across the countries where we operate, we'll keep looking for more places to make a difference. This pandemic won't be over until it's over for everyone.  
In addition to combating the pandemic, we also announced a new commitment to U.S. manufacturing during the quarter. Over the next 10 years, we've set a goal to purchase an additional $350 billion on items made, grown or assembled in the U.S. We estimate this commitment will create more than 750,000 new American jobs and avoid 100 million metric tons of CO2 emissions.  
We also want to make it easier for manufacturing in the U.S. to flourish. That's why we're launching an initiative called American Lighthouses. We'll bring together partners from the supplier community, academia and government, among other groups, to identify and overcome top-down barriers to U.S. production.  
We also have other exciting news to share as we continue to invest in the technologies of tomorrow. In collaboration with ENGIE North America, a power generator and services company, we're adding more than 500 megawatts to the U.S. renewable grid through 3 separate wind projects. Together, these projects are expected to supply renewable energy to hundreds of stores, clubs and distribution facilities annually. That's enough renewable energy to power over 240,000 average American homes for a year. That's on top of the 4 gigawatts of renewable energy currently supplied by our projects globally. This is one more example of the important work we're doing to become a regenerative company.  
Now let's talk more about our results for the quarter. Walmart U.S. had another strong quarter. The team delivered for our customers as they shopped in our stores and online, and additional government stimulus payments created a tailwind. Our comp sales of 6%, including 37% growth in eCommerce, were strong. Strength was broad-based across categories, including apparel, home, hardlines and seasonal. 
I've recently visited stores, clubs and supply chain facilities in New Jersey, Delaware, DC, Ohio, New Mexico, Texas, Illinois, California and Florida. I continue to be grateful for the job our associates are doing, and I'm impressed by their spirit. They're operating safely in a pandemic, improving our in-stock and standards, working hard to fulfill pickup and delivery orders and vaccinating millions. Doing all those things at once isn't easy, and we've had our challenges, but our associates continue to step up and they're strengthening our position as they do it. 
In the U.S., our first-party retail business is strong, but we're also making good progress in other important parts of our business. Marketplace GMV, fulfillment services and advertising income with Walmart Connect are all strong. 
The flywheel we showed you in February is being built. Each component is positioning us to serve the customer better while diversifying the model. As we previously shared, the top of the flywheel starts with being the best, first place people shop. Store remodels, investments in pickup and delivery capacity and sales of Walmart+ fall into this category of activities. We need more capacity to get ahead of demand, and we remain convinced these investments are smart ones. This is one of the keys to selling more Walmart+ memberships, which is an important piece of our strategy over time. 
In addition to work at the top of the flywheel, we'll continuously add brands, assortment and capabilities to our eCommerce general merchandise business with first-party inventory and marketplace expansion. We'll invest in our general merchandise business and grow in higher-margin categories. The announced acquisition of Zeekit is a great example. This startup combines fashion and technology through a dynamic virtual fitting room and underscores the desire to grow our apparel business aggressively. 
We continue our work to build a larger health and wellness business and help customers and associates have a better experience when it comes to their health care. Our acquisition of MeMD is a big step in that direction. Adding a telehealth capability was important. Just as we're doing with core retail, we're building an omnichannel health and wellness business. 
At Sam's Club, the momentum continues. Our items are improving, membership and sales comps are strong, and the team keeps adding and scaling capabilities like curbside. We're seeing strength in categories associated with social gatherings as well as an increase in business member activity. Categories like restaurant supplies are coming back. We saw tremendous growth in membership income for the quarter, and overall membership counts are at an all-time high. Like our stores business, government stimulus helped our results, but I'm confident the underlying business is strong and moving in the right direction for our members. 
Our international team has been busy transitioning the portfolio to higher-growth markets, and it's working. As you'll recall, we recently divested our businesses in the U.K., Japan and Argentina. And as a result, net sales for the quarter declined about 11% year-on-year. On a like-for-like basis, when we remove the recently divested markets, net sales increased 5.1%. These are good results and demonstrate the segment's ability to deliver growth for the enterprise. 
In India, for the first quarter, Flipkart and PhonePe continued to experience strong growth as annualized total payment value run rate at PhonePe grew by more than 150% versus last year. At Flipkart, monthly active customers and users are key metrics, and we're performing well. 
Our recent announcement of our intent to acquire Cleartrip, a leading online travel company, underscores our commitment to transform the customer experience through digital commerce. 
Our growing base of customers means we need to continue to add new capabilities, including areas such as logistics and data storage. The recently announced partnership with Adani Group will help us do just that. 
Walmex continues to be strong, and the flywheel is coming to life. Our assets in this market uniquely position us to serve customers in new ways, and they're responding. In Mexico, sales in eCommerce increased 166%, and our same-day delivery service is now available from 680 locations. 
Similar to the U.S., we're expanding our business to include more than just traditional retail. A few areas of note include the advertising business, which saw an increase of more than 100% in new advertisers; and our new mobile phone services network that provides voice, data and home broadband, bringing access and value to our customers. We doubled the number of users of these services during the quarter as customers enjoy the convenience of adding data to their plan right at the checkout. 
In China, our eCommerce business in Sam's Club continued to resonate with customers and members. Helped by a strong Chinese New Year, the club business delivered strong sales across all categories, leading to double-digit comp sales growth. We grew overall eCommerce sales 60% on top of impressive growth last year. 
Results from our business in Canada were good even as lockdown measures intensified as the quarter progressed. We started with strong sales in stores and eCommerce, but COVID-19-related restrictions on sales of certain merchandise categories towards the end of the quarter pressured our performance. The underlying business is strong, and we're confident in our omnichannel model for this market. 
I'll close today by thanking everyone for a strong quarter. It all starts with our associates and their focus on serving our customers and members. We're being aggressive in dialing up innovation and speed. We're moving fast to learn new skills and to sharpen our edge on existing ones. And we'll move even faster as we invest in key areas to accelerate growth into the future. 
Thank you for your interest in our company. Now I'll turn it over to Brett.

Paul, this is Doug. I would just add that when we imagine back-to-school, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and what families are going to want to do, we get really excited about the potential of that and are buying in a consistent way with how we're imagining it.

Yes. Simeon, this is Doug. I'll go first. As it relates to alternative profit pools, John can chime in here as well, but I'm excited about marketplace. I'm excited about what's happening with fulfillment services. Walmart Connect performance was good, we do have strong visibility into that. And you're starting to see it happen in Mexico, too. 
And as we've said to you before, this is -- this strategy makes sense for us everywhere in our key markets. So the P&L is starting to change its shape, as we described in February, even more than a year ago, and that does give us some room.

As it relates to capacity getting ahead of growth, it's starting to happen. The plan that we had for the year is being executed. And as you're in stores, you can see the stress that some of our stores are under in terms of the volume going through for pickup and delivery orders. 
And in some stores, we're expanding space, capital is going towards that. In some stores, we'll be putting in automation to really press the top end of this thing where we know we're going to have that kind of demand. And the team is executing against that, and we continue, Simeon, to be excited about it. 
And we'll go as fast as we can go this year and do it well and I think we'll learn a lot from it. And we're very confident that, that capacity is going to be needed.

This mentality that John described related to rollbacks is important to underline. It applies in international, it applies in Sam's Club as well. 
Bob, I'm reminded of a conversation in the early '90s. As an assistant buyer in food, my supervisor walked into the room with a few of us and said, "We're short on our profit number for the month. I need you all to find price reductions that you can put in place quickly, bring them to me by the end of the day." And I thought I misheard him. How do you lower prices and increase profit? 
And that's the beauty of retail and of mix and these supercenters. And now with eCommerce and marketplace and fulfillment services and Walmart Connect, we've got all these levers to be able to find places to go upstream, do things differently than other people are doing it. So to have 30% more rollbacks in place right now in Walmart U.S., for example, positions us really well.

Michael, on membership inside Walmart, this is a new program for us. The #1 driver of selling memberships is the grocery, supercenter, pickup and delivery. And as we said before, capacity is our issue there. And as we said in February, our focus is on the quality of that experience, not the quantity. We want some time to work on NPS. We want to build capacity. We are marketing the program, and long term, it will be important to us. 
But we've gotten so many other things going on. With stores improving in traffic and eCommerce growing and marketplace and all that kind of stuff, we just -- we don't think that Walmart+ should be the primary focus at the moment for us with all these other opportunities. 
So we'll keep growing it. At some point, I'm sure we'll share some more information with you guys about it. I know there's a request for that because of streaming services and how much people are talking about subscriptions and memberships these days. 
So that's -- John, I don't know if you want to add anything, but that's how I feel about it right now.

I think the digital relationship with customers is important, and that takes various forms. We've seen with the app downloads, for example, and app popularity; and what happened last year in particular with pickup and delivery, a really large expansion in the number of digital relationships, which helps us with data and helps us be a retailer of the future. Overall, we feel good about what's happening in those areas.

Yes. Robby, I'll jump in first, and then John can add. I think the pharmacy business has performed really well, considering everything our pharmacists have been doing. It's been an incredible challenge to do everything that they've done since the pandemic started, including all of these vaccinations that they're doing. We did have to shut down our vision centers for a while. Optical though is back open, and that's helped a lot. 
The ultimate destination does look like an omnichannel destination, where we'd leverage those historical businesses together with new health care services and the digital front-end that John mentioned earlier and I mentioned in my remarks with MeMD. 
You can imagine a future where we'll be able to reach customers on their devices, in their homes, to help them think about their health care in terms of what they eat, how much they move and then what types of health care services they need and where they get them. And so I think you can see us building together those capabilities that would help people have access to care, more of an outcomes-based health care system, great value, accessibility and serve a lot of people that need to be served and also end up with a really good business that fits together well with a large food retailer. 
And so we've just been working through that strategy, executing the pieces. And if you look back at the CareZone acquisition, this latest acquisition of MeMD, you can see us adding some capabilities in addition to those that we're building on our own.

We'll get back to you on that, Robby.

Just want to close by saying thank you to all of you for following the company so closely. Hopefully, you can see that in addition to the U.S. tailwind, that we've got strength building in the company. 
As I mentioned, I was in a lot of stores during this last quarter and standards are improving, in-stock's improving against the challenges that obviously the pandemic brought. We've also got great momentum and strength in Sam's Club. International had a really good quarter, one of the best quarters, Brett, we've had in a while in International. And the portfolio work that Judith and the team have been doing there is working. 
And the situation with the virus in India is tragic, and we'll support not only our own folks, but the country as much as we can to try and get through that. And I'm sure there will be other hotspot cities and countries that we'll deal with in the coming weeks because this pandemic is not over. 
But pandemic aside, economic stimulus aside, our focus is on the input metrics, the underlying fundamentals, the capabilities that we're adding. And we see ourselves making real progress against those. 
The company has changed a lot, and there's more change coming. And I'm grateful to the team and excited about the future. Thank you all.