Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. We're happy to visit with you about another strong quarter. As this challenging moment in history continues, we've seen the best in our associates. They keep showing up and stepping up. They're adapting and becoming what we must become to thrive in the next generation of retail. Our leaders are learning and applying new skills at a new pace. We're grateful for and proud of how they're bringing our purpose and values to life.
With the outbreak of COVID-19, the retail world clicked to a fast forward, and our ability to adapt quickly has been crucial. Changes in customer behavior have accelerated the shift to eCommerce and digital. We were well positioned to catch and ride these waves given our previous work and investments. Our eCommerce and omnichannel penetration continue to rise, accelerating trends by 2 to 3 years in some cases. We're convinced that most of the behavior change will persist beyond the pandemic and that our combination of strong stores and emerging digital capabilities will be a winning formula. Customers will want to be served in a variety of ways, and we're positioned to save them money, provide the variety of product choices they're looking for and deliver the experience they choose in the moment.
Now let me cover some quarterly highlights. Despite an unusual and softer back-to-school season and less benefit from government stimulus spending versus the first half of the year, revenue for the third quarter increased 6.1% in constant currency and adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.34, an increase of 15.5% versus last year. 
Walmart U.S. had another strong quarter. Comp sales increased 6.4%, and we significantly reduced operating losses in eCommerce. Consistent with the second quarter, we saw customers consolidate shopping trips with larger baskets and fewer transactions. Comp sales accelerated from the beginning of the quarter helped by food, consumables and health and wellness.
eCommerce grew 79%. Growth was strong in pickup and delivery as well as direct-to-home, with the highest growth coming from marketplace. We also launched Walmart+, and we're excited to have that important piece of the puzzle in place. We launched it with an initial set of benefits that we know are important to our customers. Over time, we'll evaluate the program against our broader set of assets with the aim of improving the value proposition and deepening our relationship with customers, including earning a greater share of wallet.
Our merchant and replenishment teams are working hard to ensure we have products available for our customers. In-stock levels have improved from Q2, but we're still below where we want to be. The team is being flexible when it comes to meeting demand. For example, we've turned on nearly 2,500 stores to fulfill online orders. We can quickly flex this number as the holiday season progresses to help relieve pressure on our eCommerce fulfillment centers, if necessary.
This holiday season will obviously be unique. While many family gatherings may be smaller, we do believe families want to decorate, celebrate and enjoy food and gifts. They want a sense of normalcy, and our traditions help bring some joy and comfort to this difficult year. With the importance of social distancing in mind, we planned several holiday shopping events this year so customers can enjoy special items and pricing over a longer period of time and shop in the way that's best for them.
At Sam's Club, strong comp sales of 15.3% minus fuel and tobacco included a good balance of increased ticket and transactions. Great items drive the club business and our merchandising offer is compelling. Our strength in fresh food and the uniqueness of Member's Mark continue to make it special to be a member. 
Membership income is vital for Sam's, and we're encouraged by our performance. New member sign-ups were strong. Overall renewal rates increased nicely. And renewal rates for Plus Members increased more than 350 basis points. Consistent with the growing popularity of a contactless shopping experience, Scan & Go penetration is up more than 600 basis points, and curbside delivery has been well received by members and is growing well above our overall comp sales.
Outside the U.S., we had another solid quarter performance-wise. And we announced additional portfolio actions to increase our focus on priority markets. Overall, net sales increased 5% in constant currency, and comp sales were positive in 8 of 10 markets.
In India, Flipkart and PhonePe had strong results for the quarter. The number of monthly active customers for these platforms is at an all-time high. At Walmex, we continue to see good results as comp sales once again outpaced the overall market. eCommerce is also accelerating with growth of more than 200% for the second consecutive quarter. Customers are increasingly looking for omnichannel solutions, and we're providing it for them. 
In Mexico, we completed the rollout of same-day delivery to all Sam's Club locations. And in Central America, we opened our first store with omnichannel capabilities.
In Canada, we saw broad-based strength across categories, especially in food and consumables. We see strong growth in eCommerce in this market, too, with sales growth of 177%. We're focused on providing more digital solutions for customers to make shopping easier. With a national rollout, mobile check-in customers can now use their phone to check in when picking up their online grocery order.
We continue a series of actions to increase our focus on priority markets. We've recently announced the sale of our businesses in the U.K., Argentina and Japan. These teams have been an important part of Walmart, and we'll miss them. They'll continue to innovate and grow under the new ownership structures, positioning them for future success.
We're committed to our stated priorities, and you can see it with these actions, along with others in the U.S., including Jet and VUDU. We know where to invest, and we'll be aggressive where we should be while taking action in other areas.
Before closing, I'd like to touch on a few additional points. The recent rise in COVID cases throughout the country reminds us we must remain vigilant. As we've done since the beginning of the outbreak, we'll continue being disciplined about the safety protocols throughout our stores, clubs, distribution and fulfillment centers. We're reinforcing our messaging to customers, members and associates regarding wearing face coverings, social distancing and other safety measures. 
While the health and safety of our customers, members and associates is our first priority, we realize the increasing cases will put more pressure on small businesses that have been heavily impacted by the pandemic. As various governments around the country tighten up to help keep people healthy, it will be imperative that elected officials in Washington work together to deliver the help so many small businesses need to get through this next phase of the pandemic.
Leading on social and environmental issues has become part of our core business for over 15 years now. And so despite COVID-19, that work has naturally continued. ESG work is part of who we are. Across the company, creating economic opportunity for associates through jobs and advancement is something we're proud of. We were pleased to adjust our store structure and increase wages for around 165,000 associates in Walmart U.S. and more than 20,000 received increases in Sam's Club U.S. We're also pleased to have hired over 0.5 million new associates during the course of this year globally, as so many of them need to work.
A few other recent examples include the work we're doing to increase racial equity and address climate change. We created shared value networks made up of Walmart associates, who are looking at ways we can make a difference in education, financial, health care and criminal justice systems. They're finding natural overlaps between our core business and opportunities to advance racial equity. For example, we launched a new race and inclusion curriculum, and we've seen hundreds of thousands of associates access it since August. We also have a new requirement for U.S.-based officers to complete racial equity training. And to drive further transparency on the progress we're making, we launched a first-ever midyear diversity report.
As for our environment, we've set a goal of becoming a regenerative company. We want to do more than slow down the damage to our planet. We want to reverse that process and actually add back and strengthen nature. We're working to restore, renew and replenish our planet, and we encourage others, including our suppliers, to do the same. We've set a date of 2040 to target 0 emissions without relying on carbon offsets and our own operations and fleet. This build on our leadership as being the first retailer with a science-based target for emissions reduction. Please take a few minutes to learn more about what we're doing by referencing our ESG report on our corporate website and accessing the virtual Milestone Meeting we recently hosted, which you'll also find there.
Last, I want to wrap up by saying congratulations to President-elect Biden. We look forward to working with the administration and both houses of Congress to move the country forward and solve issues on behalf of our associates, customers and other stakeholders.
We thank you all for your interest in our company. Happy holidays.

I'll start, Kelly. This is Doug, and then John can jump in. I think as it relates to Walmart+ and losses, we're putting together an ecosystem. These parts are connected, and I do think Walmart+ can be helpful in a lot of ways over time. The information that we'll have about customers, the ability to personalize, I think we'll be able to serve them better. And both sides, the stores and eCommerce, will come to life in a way that helps make Walmart+ even stronger. 
But I wouldn't underestimate the significance of the other components as it relates to eCommerce losses and eCommerce growth. Kind of the basic blocking and tackling; getting the contribution profit to a healthy level; things like mix that John just mentioned a minute ago, apparel and home mix, in particular; the ability to leverage costs to pick efficiently, obviously, getting things into one box as much as possible, getting shipping efficiencies, all those kinds of things are going to generate a sustainable business as it relates to eCommerce as a channel over time.
We will keep an eye on eCommerce as a business, of course. But also, remember, we've got all these other levers. It's an omnichannel business. We've got a lot of variables on the store side. So when we think of how we blend the combination of revenue, expenses and profitability together, we think of it in a holistic fashion. It is great to see how stores have been playing a role with fulfillment.

Paul, I'll start out. This is Doug. As it relates to holiday, let's keep in mind, we've got multiple markets and a lot of different scenarios, but there are some common trends. People are at home more, they're eating at home more, and they've all been through a difficult year. 
So just emotionally, I don't know what you're thinking, but in my family, while it'll be a smaller group, we're really looking forward to Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year's and some sense of joy and normalcy. And I think we'll see that play out as it relates to consumption patterns in the U.S. and beyond. 
John, if you want to add some things for the U.S.? And then we've got Judith on today, and we'll go to her for the International portfolio response.

Might be worth repeating the stat we've shared with you the last few years that when a customer shops us in store and online, they spend about twice as much, and they spend more in-store. Those are prepandemic stats, we're not updating those at this moment. But it is important to remember, once they're engaged in the digital relationship and they're shopping us holistically like that, the value of that customer relationship goes up.

Peter, we remain excited about the opportunity in health and wellness in general, including Walmart Health. We haven't made any changes to our plan. We've opened a few clinics since we most recently spoke. And we are excited about the demand that we saw in the first 6 months of the year, including last year since we opened our first clinic in Dallas, Georgia. We continue to work on mix and learn about the types of services that we want to offer customers. And no change that I would be wanting to make at this point.

Brett was, I was just watching.

Yes. I'll go first. I think, Bob, as you look at what's happening in the U.S. in particular -- and Judith, you may have comments about outside the U.S. I think the way to think of this is, locally, it really does have everything to do with what's happening with COVID cases in any particular community. I was in stores last week and I saw variance from one state to the other, one location to the other, just depends on how people are feeling in that moment. 
What the action is, is the same as what we saw before. They're just stocking up on paper goods, cleaning supplies and dry grocery, should they need them. And so I think we're going to be able to respond in this instance better than we did in the first half of the year, although we're still -- as a total supply chain, still stressed in some places. It's disappointing to walk [ some of our alleys ] and see as many out of stocks as we had in consumables right now generally, although it's a whole lot better than it was earlier in the year. 
So I think we'll manage through these curves. They'll be localized. We'll respond. We got to keep these food and consumable DCs operating. Our logistics team is doing a fantastic job of doing that. But it feels to me like we'll work through this period of time better than we did in the first wave.

It's been great to see some of the pilots that we've had in terms of automation start to really work. We'll be talking to you guys more about that in the future. But automation will be a big part of what we do. And it will play a role in helping the store experience get better as it reduces the amount of work that associates have to do at store level just moving freight around. 
I hope you can also see, Oliver, back to your first question that the company is changing and shaping its business model. The way that we make money today and the way we'll make money in the future will be more multifaceted, whether it's marketplace or advertising, Walmart+, Walmart fulfillment services and other things to come in the future. We've just got this great opportunity, this asset, in terms of these customer relationships and other physical assets that we have to monetize it in a variety of ways. And we're building those capabilities, and you can start to see it in our results.

We're just getting started. I think that's the end of the question. I mean, we have made progress, and I'm grateful for the job that Mark and John and the team have done to build a big marketplace business. But we've got a lot of upside in front of us and a lot of things that we can do to improve the customer experience and to drive income for the company.

Let's take the International question first, Judith.

As it relates to planning, we look forward to the memo that you'll send us to explain it all. But if we were to think through it, we're optimistic, as I'm sure all of you are, about how the back half of next year should start to look a bit more normal. We still have a ways to go to get there. And we'll manage through it as we have been managing through this year.
We do have momentum in a number of key areas. And the way that I think about it is almost regardless of what the market number looks like or what the economic environment looks like, we're in control of a lot of our own destiny. We know what customers want, and we have capabilities and are adding to those capabilities to be able to serve them. So we're on our front foot. We're thinking about this offensively. And next year, there'll be tailwinds and headwinds that we're up against. Our in-stock will be better. Our ability to service customers through eCommerce, including pick and delivery from stores, will be better. We will have fewer COVID-19 expenses, we hope and pray. And so all of those things, we'll navigate as we go through the year. But our mindset going in is an offensive mindset.

I thought Michael's question to kick things off a few minutes ago was a really good one. We did see customers, when we started running out of stocks in the first stage of the stock-up period, they ran to local grocers and that's totally understandable. They also tried to shop close to home and went to small stores more frequently. That's also totally understandable. And our in-stock struggled. And so when I think about next year, with our in-stock being there, the price gaps that we have, I feel like we've got a great opportunity next year as we look at what's in front of us.

Sam's Club has been going through a similar innovation cycle during the pandemic, adding curbside, learning how to do delivery. Things have all accelerated there. 
So kind of back to Peter's question earlier. We're building out an omnichannel health and wellness business, and it will include the big pharmacy business that we have now, vision, hearing, OTC, the things that happen in-store and online, and then increasingly services, as you can see through our addition of clinics. So I think omnichannel and health and wellness will matter every bit as much as it does in the rest of retail. 
Are we wrapping up there? So just as we're wrapping up here, thank you for your questions. Really appreciate your interest in the company. We're optimistic about the fourth quarter. I love the position that we're in and just grateful to our associates for a strong Q3 and a strong year. Thank you all.