[Audio Gap] 
unusual, and I want to thank our associates for rising to the occasion. They're adapting to changing customer needs and tackling new challenges while positioning our business for the future, and we're grateful.  
As I shared last quarter, we're operating with a clear set of priorities to guide our decision-making through this crisis. Those priorities are: one, supporting our associates on the front lines in terms of their physical and financial well-being; two, serving our customers as safely as possible and keeping our supply chain operating; three, helping others, which includes hiring so many that need work, supporting our suppliers and marketplace sellers and serving the communities where we operate, including accelerating our efforts to increase fairness, racial equity and justice; four, managing the business well operationally and financially in the short term; and five, driving our strategy to strengthen our business for the long term.  
First, our associates. They continue to be inspiring, and it has been a pleasure to visit with so many of them as I've made my way around the country visiting stores, clubs and distribution centers. During this call last quarter, we outlined a number of measures we have in place to support them, and those continue. 
Globally, we've hired more than 500,000 new associates since the beginning of the year. We've continued our COVID-19 emergency leave policy, which includes the removal of our attendance requirements related to our quarterly cash bonus program called MyShare. That enables people to stay home if they're diagnosed with the virus or feeling sick, need to care for others or feeling uncomfortable working. And globally, this year, we paid or announced $1.6 billion in MyShare and special cash bonuses to support our associates financially.  
After supporting our associates, our next priority is serving our customers. Consistent with our purpose, we remain committed to EDLP, ensuring the lowest prices on a basket of goods. During the second quarter, our customers were spending so much more time at home that we experienced strong sales in categories like TVs, computing and connected home. Customers also took advantage of time for outdoor entertainment and sports, which led to strength in those categories. 
With significant operating restrictions for restaurants across the country, families continue to prepare more meals at home, and our business has benefited from that trend. As you would expect, there continues to be extremely high demand for disinfectants, cleaning supplies and paper goods. At times, we saw a return of stock-up behaviors in certain food and consumable categories in specific geographies where hotspots occurred. 
While there's volatility in the supply chain levels, we're starting to see some categories recover in terms of in-stock. From a seasonal standpoint, back-to-school is negatively impacted by the health crisis in terms of timing and demand. We've been thoughtful in our approach, both in stores and online, and we believe we're well positioned whether students or teachers work from classrooms or their homes.  
The third priority for us has been to help others in the communities we serve. I'm proud of the many ways we're supporting communities, including our support for food banks. This quarter, through our Fight Hunger. Spark Change campaign and food donation program, we helped provide access to an estimated 300 million meals for people in need. We're also continuing our support for communities through COVID-19 testing sites with more than 420 across 33 cities.  
Communities across America have become rightly focused on racial equity and justice, and so are we. Our work starts inside the company with our diversity and inclusion efforts. In addition, we've also established a team to look for places where we can put our core business and the size of our business to work to influence our nation's financial, health care, education and criminal justice systems for good. In addition, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have launched a center for racial equity, committing $100 million to fund philanthropic initiatives that complement the company's efforts to shape the 4 systems I just mentioned.  
Even during this crisis, the team is managing our business well and executing our strategy to build omnichannel solutions globally. In the U.S., we continue to expand pickup and delivery services, including Express Delivery with customers receiving their orders in well under 2 hours. In Mexico, we've now launched same-day delivery from 70% of Sam's Clubs. And in India, we've launched Flipkart wholesale, a business-to-business solution that will leverage our omnichannel capabilities to better serve kiranas and other small businesses as our cash-and-carry business joins Flipkart.  
There's been a lot of buzz recently about membership at Walmart. We've been testing membership with delivery unlimited subscriptions since late last year. That customer offer was limited to a grocery and consumables delivery service as the reason to sign up. 
Since that launch, we've proven to ourselves that we can pick and deliver a broad set of categories across the supercenter, not just food and consumables, but a wide assortment of general merchandise. We think that assortment breadth and our ability to deliver with speed nationally, combined with a few other benefits for customers, will result in a compelling proposition, so we've been moving towards a new membership launch. We'll share more about that membership and timing when it's appropriate.  
As it relates to our Q2 performance, I'll begin with the Walmart U.S. segment. Comp sales were strong again this quarter at 9.3% excluding fuel. There were several tailwinds affecting our Q2 performance, including government stimulus, more people eating at home, a focus by customers on entertaining themselves at home and investing in their homes and yards. We also had some headwinds, including reduced store hours and out-of-stocks. As the benefits from stimulus waned towards the end of the quarter, we saw comp sales settle into a more normal range.  
We're pleased with the progress we're making on Walmart.com. We had really strong sales growth and significantly reduced losses. The tailwinds we're experiencing are accelerating our progress to build a healthier eCommerce business as we add new brands, improve product mix, grow the marketplace and achieve more fixed cost leverage. The stores and online merchant teams are now integrated, and we believe we'll benefit from that change going forward. The improvements in contribution profit and reduced operating losses are really good to see.  
We've made several structural changes within Walmart U.S. during the quarter as we continue on our path to transform into an omnichannel organization. These changes were made to increase innovation, speed and productivity. This is obviously a difficult time for these associates to experience changes like this, so we're providing additional financial support and time to look for another role, along with other forms of support, to make that easier than it would otherwise be.  
Turning to Sam's Club, where the team delivered comps of 17.2% excluding fuel and tobacco and grew membership income 7.8%. We saw improvements in member count, renewal rates and Plus Member penetration. The popularity of Scan & Go is accelerating, which is great to see. The membership value proposition is strong, and the team is executing well.  
Walmart International sales increased 1.6% in constant currency, and 7 of 10 markets had positive comp sales. The team delivered good top line results given we faced significant headwinds from currency and the government-mandated closure of Flipkart for about half the quarter as well as parts of Africa and Central America for portions of the quarter. Canada, China and Mexico led the way as customers choose one-stop shopping in omnichannel solutions. 
In India, Flipkart reopened in mid-May, after which we saw GMV exceeding pre-COVID-19 levels. Excluding fuel, Asda's performance demonstrated the resilience of the business with growth in a challenging period. Profit for international was also better than we expected when you remove the effects of FX and a discrete tax item.  
I'll close today once again by thanking our associates for their incredible work. Our integrated omnichannel offering continues to resonate with customers around the globe. It's positioned the company well during this crisis, and we remain convinced it will be the winning strategy going forward.  
I'd also like to mention that we'll be releasing our ESG report next week. I encourage all of you to spend time with the report to better understand the incredible work our team is doing in this space. I wish you and your families good health. 
And I'll now turn it over to Brett.

I'll just chime in on back-to-school and say that it's just one component of the quarter and we'll have to sort out how customers want to shop as we go. But we think our inventory is well positioned, and we'll just react location by location. I don't think we've got a lot of liability exposure there. The sales exposure will be mixed as we go through the quarter and manage other parts of our business. 
As it relates to the question about membership, Paul, I think from a customer point of view, they'll continue to get everyday low price. They'll continue to get the broad assortment that we sell in the stores and increasing assortment online. But the reason that they would want a membership is because of the increased levels of service that we can provide, and it kind of starts out with the thread being about pickup and delivery. And if you want delivery from Walmart frequently, it's just more efficient for the customer to buy it in bulk, and that takes the form of an annual membership. 
And then we'll add some things to it beyond just delivery so that it's really more of a membership and a relationship. Building repeat is going to be an important aspect for the company to focus on. We'll also get the benefits of data and learn how to serve customers more effectively in time as that membership grows. So I think in a nutshell for the customer, it relates to experience. 
And we keep talking about how omnichannel is a winning strategy. And what we really mean by that, I think, is the customer is ultimately in charge. We are going to be flexible. We're going to have multiple ways to serve them, and those families will decide in that moment how they want to shop. And sometimes they'll be in the store and sometimes they'll do pick up and sometimes they'll do delivery and many of them will buy a membership. And when they do, they'll get benefits from that. And we'll make sure we manage that in a way where we're able to still keep our shelf prices low and offer EDLP to customers that really need that value and are focused on opening price points. We'll manage the P&L in a way that prevents any kind of risk for them.

Yes. This is Doug, Simeon. I'll take Flipkart first. And then, John, you can chime in on membership more. 
As it relates to Flipkart, Simeon, I think we're really pleased with how this whole thing has gone since we made the investment, and the team's managed this environment, COVID-19 environment in a really effective way. And it was nice to see, once the government restrictions started to get lifted, how the volume came back. And we're staying close to the decisions that they're making and excited about the strategy going forward and the investment, just wanted to make sure that they've got enough room, enough cash to operate. 
This is a time when there's so much of an opportunity, the size of the prize in India is significant. We want to make sure that we're on our front foot and being aggressive. So we're not really getting hung up on the valuation in the short term. Over time, I think everybody will understand just how valuable that business in India is, whether it's the Flipkart portion or the PhonePe portion.

Peter, this is Doug. I'll just add that we recently opened another clinic not far from Bentonville, in Elm Springs. And it's a smaller clinic than the one that some of you have seen in Dallas, Georgia. And I think it's an example of us trying to figure out how many sizes we need, what the square footage needs to be and the equipment investment, all those kinds of things. So we're playing around with it, as you would expect. 
And it's been interesting to watch how customers are interacting with that experience during a COVID-19 environment. The team is doing a great job, the medical doctor and the other professionals in the clinic, of keeping people safe, and demand is still strong in an environment where people are not necessarily taking advantage of a lot of preventative care. So it's really, I think, interesting and exciting for us to try and figure this out. And even during this COVID-19 period of time, we're learning and figuring it out.

Bob, I'll go first. This is Doug. It's obvious to say this, but there's just a lot of uncertainty right now and so much variance in how customers are feeling about their situation. And this decision that the government's got to make about phase 4 investments is an important one, and I think it's really important as it relates to small business. And this economy and this country is driven so much by small- and medium-sized businesses that we want to see something happen there that will help support those folks. 
I think the larger companies are getting things sorted out, and the government is paying attention to the larger companies that need some sort of financial support. But it's that small business group that, in particular, I think we all need to keep our eye on and will probably determine just what this economy looks like on the other side of the phase 4 stimulus.

It's also been nice to see the Sam's Club team get curbside rolled out so quickly. And I think when small business comes back online, we're well suited to serve bigger transactions from them that, currently, the restaurants being closed, aren't happening as much as they will after the pandemic is over.

We're all smiling at each other, Chuck. If you could please tell us what's going to happen in 2021, we would appreciate it.

Traffic....

I think as it relates to the future, I would just remind everybody that at this point, we've got stores pickup, delivery, a growing eCommerce, fulfillment center assortment and set of capabilities, and so we're positioned to serve them how they want to be served, how they want to shop. So I think the flexibility to respond in 2021 and beyond is there, and the team is doing a great job of reacting with speed. The cadence inside the company has picked up. 
We kind of smile when we think about the holiday because while we have to plan some aspects of the holiday, we're managing near term much more actively than we would in a different environment. So I think we're set up to have a business that will grow at a fast rate and to manage the profitability of it. It was good to see in the last few years our general merchandise business online grow, and you guys know we've had a lot of brands and a lot of items. And then in this last quarter, it was unique because people -- a lot of people are at home and stimulus checks supported purchasing and things for them to use at home, to entertain themselves or to fix their home up. So that was unique, but the commonality of it is that the GM business in Walmart is strong, and that contribution percentage -- contribution profit percentage of eCommerce is an encouraging metric. 
So I know you're all trying to figure out what the future looks like. I think we're fundamentally well positioned for it, and then we'll manage the short term to react to the opportunities that are presented.

A lot better. It's a lot better. We figured that out. Brett was reminding us this morning, if you get more sales, it helps everything else. So we've written that down, and we're going kind of follow up on that.
I think John walked through the components of eCommerce earlier. I won't repeat all the pieces, but there's some big pieces of eCommerce P&L that are moving in the right direction. And they were before, it's just that these tailwinds accelerated that. 
So we don't know what the economy will look like next year in the U.S. We'll have to wait and see. But this theme of an omnichannel presence is happening inside the company all over the world. We focused in this conversation a lot on the U.S. because that's where your questions went. But if you dig into what's happening at Walmex, look at what Canada is starting to do, it's exciting to see that thematically, this work is looking more and more common. And of course, we're learning a lot from Flipkart and how they operate. But these conversations about strategy and the eCommerce P&L are increasingly common from country to country.

On the last question, it's, Edward, my sense that the order of things -- the order of tailwinds that impacted the business were: one, stimulus; two, eating at home; three, being at home and all the things that you wanted to do to have the indoors and outdoors be more pleasurable. And you weren't spending money if you're a customer on travel and lodging and things like that, so those dollars were available for you to buy things for your home as well. Those are the things that were more impactful tailwinds than whether or not other competitors were open.

Yes. Ben, this is Doug. Brett will respond to the working capital questions. We're laughing here because if you've been in some stores with us in the second quarter, early in the second quarter, we could have used inventory everywhere. I saw some stores that were remarkably light. Just it was deeply concerning, and the team was obviously scrambling that we could walk you across the supercenter. 
And we've got pressure in eCommerce, too. But we were obviously feeling pressure in the beef and pork categories as was well reported. But we were out of stock on fabrics. We were having challenges in sporting goods. We needed a lot more inventory than what we had during the course of the second quarter. Now we look a lot better today, but we were really a lot lighter than we would have wanted to be.

Bicycle and golf.

I looked at fishing in the store this week, and we're still really light, just basic terminal tackle, hooks and bobbers and stuff like that. It's got a lead time on it different than what this environment requires.

Yes. We don't have anything else to say other than thanks for paying attention to the company, and we appreciate you dialing in today. Thank you.