Good morning, and thanks for joining us to hear about our fourth quarter results. Let's jump right in. Our team delivered net sales growth of 7.6% and adjusted EPS growth of 9.3% excluding divestitures. We continued to gain market share in food and consumables in the U.S., and comp transactions were positive. Consumer demand during the quarter was strong, and the team overcame a number of challenges in the U.S. and around the world to deliver these strong results.  
Going into the quarter, we were confident that we had the people, the products and the prices to deliver and we did. Our inventory position improved, and we delivered high sell-throughs in seasonal categories across markets. Food, consumables and apparel were also strong globally. We comped low single digits in general merchandise in the U.S. against strong results last year. And Sam's Club saw broad-based strength across categories in the U.S. and in China. Our merchants are doing a nice job of navigating the pressure from cost of goods inflation with our customers and shareholders in mind.  
I like how we're mixing out the business. Consolidated gross profit rate increased 10 basis points for the quarter, including more than 50 basis points in Walmart U.S. We're working closely with our suppliers to manage inflation, finding a few places where we can roll back prices, and we're paying close attention to how we manage our opening price point items. Q4 and the full year are proof points that we can keep our price gaps in the range where we want them, grow market share and deliver against our top and bottom line growth algorithm.  
Our associates did an amazing job of serving customers and members during this busy season even as we faced Omicron and supply chain challenges. This quarter's COVID leave peak was larger than anything we had experienced in 2020 or previously in 2021. We hired more associates than our plan called for to help fill that gap, which negatively impacted expenses but it was clearly needed. I'm grateful to our associates and store and club management teams for how they set priorities on behalf of our customers and members during the quarter. 
As I visit stores and clubs, it's inspiring to see how our team is navigating such a fluid environment. They're delivering tremendous growth while making significant progress against our longer-term strategy. During the fiscal year just ended, excluding divestitures, we grew net sales by 9%, grew operating profit by 18%, invested $13 billion in CapEx to grow our business, returned $16 billion to shareholders via share buybacks and dividends, grew our advertising business globally to $2.1 billion and took important steps to build our U.S. financial services capabilities with agreements to make 2 key acquisitions. 
Sometimes it feels like 2020 and 2021 were just 1 long year. If you look at growth since the beginning of fiscal '21 through the end of fiscal '22, excluding divestitures, our company is about 17% larger in terms of revenue, 31% larger in terms of operating income. And globally, our percentage of digital sales grew from 6% to 13%. As the company grows, we're fueled by the new business model and flywheel we outlined last year. Our strategy is coming to life.  
Ensuring that we deliver our strategy is where I invest the majority of my time. It starts with the customer and earning primary destination. The big-basket stock-up trip is important. It's foundational to our relationship with families. We earn that shopping occasion by running great stores and clubs and offering seamless pickup and delivery experiences, including for our Walmart+ and InHome members in the U.S. Our membership offering, Walmart+, continues to be an important piece of what we're building. 
We're adding capacity for pickup and delivery. We increased capacity by nearly 20% last year, and we expect to increase capacity by another 35% this year. For Walmart InHome, we recently announced an expansion of this membership service to make it available to about 30 million homes in the U.S., up from 6 million. To enable the expansion, we're creating roles for more than 3,000 associate delivery drivers. The majority of these roles will be filled by existing experienced associates. We'll be building out a fleet of all electric delivery vans to support our delivery services and our goal of a 0 emissions logistics fleet by 2040.  
Our flywheel is designed to serve families more broadly, deepening our relationship with them and creating a healthy mix of merchandise and services for our business. Recently, we shared some news about our fintech start-up in the U.S. that will operate under the ONE brand going forward. The combined talent of our JV leadership team and out of the pending acquisitions of ONE Finance and Even is impressive, and our plans are aggressive. We can help our customers and Walmart+ members save money, have an experience with less friction and help strengthen the financial position for millions of families.  
As with our advertising business, our financial services capabilities cross borders. Our PhonePe business in India is growing incredibly fast, and we have strong capabilities in Mexico, which is such an important market for us.  
As we look to improve the customer experience and strengthen the mix of our business, expanding our Marketplace is important. We added more than 20,000 new sellers to the platform in the U.S. last year and expect to add nearly 40,000 more this year. We're now up to nearly 170 million SKUs, and we're adding more every day. We opened up our U.S. Marketplace to sellers from India and created a dedicated team there to help sellers onboard and grow. 
Many sellers are looking to diversify their business, and they're pushing us to add capabilities, including the expansion of our fulfillment services. We grew our U.S. GMV delivered by our fulfillment services by 500% last year. We expect the robust growth will continue this year as we add more capacity. For Q4, our fulfillment services represented 44% of total Marketplace orders in India and 22% in Mexico.  
Growing our Marketplace expands choice for our customers, helps our sellers grow and enhances our profit margins. Our plan for this year includes strengthening the experience for sellers and adding fulfillment capacity so customers have access to more items faster. It's clear to me that we have years of profitable Marketplace and fulfillment services growth ahead of us.  
Staying on the theme of fulfillment and scaling new businesses, we recently launched Walmart GoLocal, a last-mile delivery solution using our Spark Driver platform to help businesses of all sizes to reach more customers. GoLocal is making deliveries for The Home Depot and other large retailers, but I'm most excited about serving small local retailers. We have nearly 1,000 GoLocal service pickup points, and we expect to end this year closer to 5,000. This is good for customers, our clients and for us as we lower the cost per order by increasing the combined order size and the route density.  
As we bring more customers, sellers and suppliers into our ecosystem, it expands our ability to monetize those relationships. A great example is our advertising business. Globally, it's been growing at a high rate with high margins and is now a $2.1 billion business in only a few years, and we expect this strong growth to continue. 
And as our eCommerce business, including Marketplace, continues to grow, so will our advertising business. We're taking the learnings from the U.S. and India and growing in places like Mexico, Canada and Chile. Importantly, we're beginning to build tech platforms that can be leveraged in multiple countries. Our strong team of technologists and our digital transformation enable global synergies.  
We see traction in our core business as well as in our newer businesses. There's real power in the ability to make these pieces mutually reinforcing, to design them such that one portion of a customer relationship leads them to another because it's easy and intuitive. Connecting B2B opportunities like advertising enables us to grow earnings and make key investments at the same time. Because of how the flywheel is coming together, I feel great about our ability to deliver against the growth algorithm we discussed last year of about 4% top line growth and operating income growth rates higher than sales. 
We've highlighted the increased costs we had in Q4 from COVID, supply chain and wages. And some of these costs are likely to continue through part of this year, but I feel confident in the underlying strength of the business and our ability to deliver the growth we expect. The Walmart we're building is becoming more impactful for our customers and members, more digital, more automated and more diversified on the top and bottom lines.  
Now let's move on to our performance by operating segment. I'll begin with Walmart U.S. The team had a great holiday season. They drove comp sales of 5.6%. You know about our strength in food and consumables, but despite the supply chain challenges, the seasonal hardlines execution for holiday looked good in stores. We're continuing to navigate cost pressures and in-stock challenges, but overall, I'm really proud of the team for delivering the holiday season. And I believe we'll work our way to an improved in-stock level through the course of the year.  
Building a seamless omnichannel experience for customers and prioritizing convenience for them is critical. Our stores have become hybrid. They're both stores and fulfillment centers. Last year, we increased the number of orders coming from our stores by 170% versus the previous year, and that's on top of more than 500% from the year before. Having inventory so close to so many customers is a competitive advantage. In some cases, we're getting items to customers in hours rather than days.  
In Sam's Club U.S., the momentum continues. Sales and membership were strong. Excluding fuel and tobacco, comps were 10.8% for the quarter and nearly 26% on a 2-year stack. Membership income grew 9.1%, driven by membership count, which reached another record high during the quarter. The team leveraged operating expenses and grew operating income 24% excluding fuel. They had another fantastic quarter and year. Sam's continues to drive digital innovation and add capabilities. Our Bold & Blue club remodels and our strengthened pickup and delivery services will drive growth.  
At Walmart International, we had another strong year with good progress in all aspects of the flywheel Overall, sales were strong again in Q4 with growth of 9.8% in constant currency excluding divestitures. China, Mexico and Flipkart led the way. Our 21% eCommerce penetration is a new record and up nearly 400 basis points from last year. 
We get to serve a spectrum of holidays and festivals during the holiday quarter, from Diwali and Big Billion Days in India through to preparation for Chinese New Year. During Big Billion Days, 40% of sellers were first-time sellers on the Marketplace, and more than 100,000 kiranas participated by making last-mile deliveries. This is strong inclusive growth.  
While our omnichannel model gives the gift of time, access and affordability remain important. We're expanding our ecosystem, and we've made investments in areas such as health care, marketplace, telecommunications and our online food business. A few great examples include the launch of  Flipkart Health+ that aims to increase access to affordable care in India and the acquisition of  Foodmaestro in Canada to build more personalized shopping experiences for customers. And BAIT, our value-based Internet and telephone service that enables customers in Mexico to enjoy digital connectivity, surpassed 2 million members.  
It's great to see all 3 of our operating segments doing so well. I'm grateful to our strong and capable leadership team and to all of our associates. We've had an incredible couple of years during these challenging times. We have momentum in the business. We have aggressive plans, and we're executing on the strategy. It still feels like we're just getting started.  
I'll now turn it over to Brett.

Bob, you got one and you want both. That doesn't surprise me. I'll start with the advertising number, and John can add here. 
The business model is changing. I think that's the headline. We've got a business that's becoming increasingly digital. The eCommerce business, first party, third party is growing. It gives us the opportunity to grow advertising income. It's grown at a fast rate, and it's growing across markets. 
The U.S. is important in that number, but India, Mexico and other markets are going to have growth there, too. And the margins are helpful. They help us keep prices low for customers, and they help us deliver the operating income number percentage. So we're excited about what the future looks like as it relates to the growth of the advertising business.  
We're not going to share Walmart+ yet. I don't really want to have the company defined by one metric. And with subscriptions being such a topic these days, everybody gets really focused on that. Walmart is always going to be a business where you need to look across and see how the omnichannel business is playing out. There are going to be times when eCommerce grows faster than stores. And as we've seen recently, stores are attractive during certain periods of time. 
Walmart+ is important. It helps us grow our eCommerce business. It helps us deepen the relationship with customers and have more data. And at some point, we'll probably talk about that number. 
And by the way, there are other types of memberships, not just in Sam's Club across the world but in some of our other businesses, too, that are growing. So I think there'll probably be a number of membership-type metrics over time that you'll want to keep an eye on, but I don't think it would be good if we're going to get overly focused on Walmart+. Our ability to serve people with pickup and delivery has improved as we've made these investments. It's one of the reasons why we continue to tell you how much capacity we're growing to do that.

Thanks, Karen. I think the biggest sources of risk are external. It's been an unusual last year or 2. And figuring out how you lap stimulus, what happens with inflation, both on the cost of goods side as well as on the operating side, will cause us to have to be good managers. But I think we've demonstrated over time that we have a lot of really good managers at Walmart. 
In terms of upside, I mean I'm excited about what's happening in our stores and clubs. We've got great momentum in Sam's. There's a lot to be excited about in international. India continues to be really exciting. Walmex is kind of going from strength to strength. Sam's business in China is good. So I think that Sam's International can contribute. 
And on the Walmart U.S. side, John, you can jump in here too, I think we've got an opportunity to continue to improve both stores and eCommerce. And the fact that we're now up to 170 million items for customers is exciting. And the way sellers are responding to fulfillment and seller services and that relationship is really encouraging. So I think Marketplace is one of those areas where we can see growth, including that last mile component that we're building out. I think that's exciting, too.

Michael, this is Doug. I'll go first. As it relates to the 4% and greater than 4%, what we told you a year ago was that, that is something we believe we can deliver or beat over time. And as Brett told you when we made that commitment and shared those numbers, there are going to be time periods that are higher and time periods that are lower. But over time, we think that's a really sound set of numbers to share, and we thought it was important to repeat that because we still have that confidence. 
And we have that confidence because of all the pieces that we've been talking about. The strategy is coming to life. The business model is changing. As it relates to this year in particular, we've got opportunities to improve in-stock, we've got opportunities to improve store and club standards because of what happened with COVID leave. There's just -- there's upside. 
And there will definitely be challenges. We know that for sure. But we just have these different opportunities to make choices to deliver the results, and we believe that it was important to repeat the number.

And Michael, you started by saying that the Walmart U.S. customer looks like the U.S. population, and it does to a really large degree. And so we'll serve everybody. And during periods of inflation like this, middle-income families, lower middle-income families, even wealthier families become more price-sensitive, and that's to our advantage. 
So we've been through this before, and we run with inflation around the world all the time. Inflation is a different environment in the U.S. right now than it has been in recent times for sure, but we've been dealing with inflation in South America and Mexico and other places and just to kind of understand what that looks like.

He's not done yet.

Kelly, we're all going to answer that. So the business model, the income statement is just changing shape. And I think that kind of the headlines are the company is becoming more digital, it is starting to become more automated and over time, will become even more automated. And when you look at the gross margin number, we can manage it. Some of you like to watch gross margin as, I guess, makes sense quarter-to-quarter. As Brett was reminding us yesterday, you can drive yourself crazy doing that. Gross margin over time, I mean, look at our track record, we can manage gross margin. 
Now then below gross margin, we've got productivity opportunities, and technology, whether it's an app in a store for an associate on the sales floor or robotics in a distribution center, creates an opportunity for more productivity over time. That is helpful. And then you get to these other businesses like the advertising business, the last-mile delivery business, fulfillment services for eCommerce, the Marketplace itself, and these are helpful businesses from a margin point of view. And as they become a larger percent of total, the shape of the income statement changes. And our confidence in that, not only in the U.S. but around the world, in the markets we operate in, is high, and so that's why you sense that confidence from us. 
Brett, do you want to go next?

You mentioned eCommerce. We're continuing to manage contribution profit with eCommerce business as a stand-alone vertical. And apparel and home are important, and we've seen growth there over the last couple of years. And then the Marketplace helps. The Marketplace has been scaling faster, as you can see in the $170 million number.

Oliver, you covered a lot there. And your voice was breaking up a bit, but we think we got it. On the future of shopping, it's really exciting. I mean there are so many things that we can imagine. One of our challenges is just setting priorities and not trying to do too much. But we've got, obviously, a great strength in stores, and I think that that's clear. The pickup business has been terrific in the U.S. for many years now. Delivery is growing around the world. This delivery that's happening that's unattended is exciting. And this Walmart InHome business, which leads towards just keeping people in stock and they don't have to really think about buying the items they buy all the time and we then use that data to serve up impulse items, will be part of that future. 
We do think that social commerce around the world and what happens with wearables and AR and mixed reality will be part of our future, and we're obviously thinking about that and working on that. And this key, as I mentioned in my remarks, of stitching it together, whether it's fintech or health care -- and John, you should jump in on future of shopping, fintech and health care, too. The way you stitch that together so that one business becomes a default for the other is the magic of it. I mean if we can really become great from a financial services point of view, we can take out friction and cost for customers, make it more delightful to transact with us, even -- not even really think about transacting, John, as we've changed the shopping experience as it relates to checkouts in the future as well as on our app and in other digital forms.

Around the world, Scot, retailers are all having to manage this. And we talk about price gaps, our price leadership position for a reason because prices are relative and it's more fluid in an inflationary environment like this. So we have to spend more of our time paying attention to that. We do mix across categories. We think about things like opening price points and protecting for a lower-income family some of the things that they need from a staples point of view. And then, as John mentioned, we use rollbacks to communicate not only the reality that prices are coming down at some places but the emotion or perception we want customers to have about us being there for them and earning their trust during a period of time like this. 
So I wouldn't say that we're unique in having to work through that. Of course, everybody is. But we are likely a bit unique with the depth of experience that we have and the talent of our team to be able to manage it and our long-standing supplier relationships and the way we work with them to try and help them get through this situation as well. The amount of communication between us and suppliers is always high. It's particularly high right now.

Thanks again for your time and attention. I'd just summarize by saying it's great to have momentum in all 3 segments as we start this year. I think it's clear that we're changing to serve customers and members in the way that they want to be served. And having stores and an eCommerce business, pick up, delivery, fulfillment centers and Marketplace, all of those things are helpful as it relates to that. 
And the great thing about it is -- the way that we're building these and designing them is that the company can grow earnings and grow the bottom line while we're doing it. The business model changes, and it enables the customer and member to benefit and our business to benefit at the same time. 
So I'm excited about the short-term momentum and looking forward to the year. Thank you all.