Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We just completed an exciting year with solid fourth quarter results and continued momentum in the business. On a constant-currency basis, total revenue grew approximately 3% both in the quarter and for the full year. We reached more than $500 billion in revenue for the fiscal 2018 for the first time as a company. 
For the quarter, Walmart U.S. delivered strong comp sales growth of 2.6% due primarily to improved comp traffic growth in stores of 1.6%. Strength was broad-based across merchandising categories, formats and regions, and holiday sales were solid. In addition, comp store inventory declined again for the 11th consecutive quarter so we're well positioned as we begin the year. Sam's Club comps improved to -- 2.4%, and in International, 9 of 11 markets posted positive comp sales. So overall, we were pleased with most aspects of the quarter and confident in the foundational aspects of the business as we enter this new fiscal year. 
Walmart U.S. e-commerce sales growth in the fourth quarter was 23%, down from 50% in the third quarter. The majority of this slowdown was expected as we fully lapped the Jet acquisition as well as created a healthier long-term foundation for holiday. A smaller portion of the slowdown was unexpected as we experienced some operational challenges that negatively impacted growth. Overall, we finished the year with e-commerce sales growth of more than 40%, so we feel better about the year than the quarter.  Looking ahead, we expect e-commerce growth to increase from the fourth quarter level as we enter the new year with about 40% growth for the year. 
We're confident in our strategy to transform the company, and we continue to be guided by 4 key objectives: make every day easier for busy families, change how we work, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer. We're accelerating innovation in the business to make shopping faster and easier for our customers. Creativity, decisiveness and speed are priorities. We made good progress this past year to save busy families time and money, and we'll do more. 
By becoming stronger at mobile and leveraging digital capabilities, we improved in-store experiences, including our pharmacy and money services areas. We enabled Easy Reorder online. We're making the checkout experience easier with Scan & Go and also digitizing the returns process. We made acquisitions to improve our online assortment, and we're partnering with others like Google and JD in new ways. We're expanding Online Grocery in the U.S. and around the world and broadening our delivery capabilities in the U.S., China and other international markets. 
It's really all about providing more convenience for customers. Customers that shop across all channels are important to us. As we said in October, U.S. customers that shop us in-store and online spend nearly twice as much as customers that only shop with us in stores. Their loyalty to Walmart strengthens overall. Online Grocery customers are a great example as they spend more with us in total once they start using the service. So we'll lean in this year by nearly doubling the number of Online Grocery locations in the U.S. 
We're also becoming more efficient by changing the way we work, including leveraging technology to equip and empower our associates to be successful. They now have better information, tools and training. Finally, we're always striving to earn and maintain trust. We're focused on not only helping our customers save money and live better but also on creating shared value for our business and the communities we serve. 
In his remarks, Brett will go over the financials and guidance. This will include an overview of the benefits of tax reform and the strategic choices we're making to further strengthen our business. Tax reform gives us the opportunity to accelerate plans for the U.S. You may have seen our announcement last month about investing some of the proceeds in better wages and benefits for more than 1 million U.S. hourly associates. We'll also continue to lower prices for customers, improve technology in our business and accelerate grocery delivery in the United States. 
Now let's get into more details for the segments, and I'll start with Walmart U.S. We had a strong year of top line growth, and we're seeing signs that the productivity loop is turning. In our stores, we're making shopping easier and equipping associates to serve customers more efficiently. In the fourth quarter, we took steps to restructure our store leadership teams and corporate support areas to be more nimble. We're becoming more efficient, and it's contributing to the expense leverage that physical stores have delivered all year. 
Beginning this week, we increased the U.S. starting hourly wage rate to $11. We're also proud to announce adoption benefits for associates that went into effect earlier this month in addition to expanded paid parental leave for all associates that will take effect in March. Investing in our associates will help us attract and retain talent in the future. In addition, we've invested in nearly 200 training academies that have further developed the retail skills of more than 250,000 associates.  So our stores are executing better. We're innovating more, we're lowering prices, and customers are responding with higher sales and traffic. 
As I mentioned earlier, this has also been a year of good progress in e-commerce. We launched free 2-day shipping on Walmart.com, and customers continue to love Online Grocery pickup. We're expanding our test of same-day and next-day delivery, and our Walmart.com assortment has grown to nearly 75 million SKUs. 
Acquisitions like Bonobos and ModCloth bring unique, private-branded products to our shopping experience. In addition, partnerships like the agreement with Lord & Taylor will help create specialty experiences that complement our own assortment with more brands customers want. Jet.com complements Walmart.com nicely. Walmart.com, including Online Grocery, is and has been the key driver of our e-commerce growth and that will continue. The Jet brand over indexed with higher-income, urban, millennial customers when we made the acquisition, and we intend to build on that strength going forward. 
The cost to acquire a new customer on a nationwide basis is cheaper with the Walmart brand so we've been investing more in Walmart.com on a national basis and reducing marketing investment in Jet, except in certain urban markets. Due to this change, Jet will not grow as quickly as it did in early days but it will be well positioned where we've chosen to focus the brand. We'll continue to evaluate ourselves on the total U.S. e-commerce growth number. 
Moving to Sam's Club. You'll remember that we made a decision close 63 Sam's Club locations in the U.S. We've talked about transforming the Sam's business, and part of this transformation means managing the club portfolio to include clubs that are both financially viable and that fit within the strategic framework for the future. Closing stores and clubs is difficult. It's obviously difficult for our impacted associates, and there is never a good time to do with. John and the Sam's team are working to place as many of them as possible at nearby locations. These closures will help us run a healthier business. 
We also took additional steps recently to align resources around the initiatives that are most important to our members. We enhanced the value of the Plus membership with a free shipping proposition. We also made the decision to remove tobacco from certain clubs. In addition, Sam's Club changed its merchandising structure to encourage more expertise and continuity in buying roles. The strategy continues to come to life, and we're already seeing progress. 
Our International team continues to deliver consistently solid results. While Walmex led the way this year, our good performance was broad-based. In fact, 10 of our 11 markets posted positive comp sales for the year, and 5 of those markets grew comp sales by more than 5%. To give a little more detail, Walmex comp store sales increased 6% this year, and we're really proud of how the team is combining our stores with e-commerce to deliver a convenient, seamless shopping experience. 
As we mentioned in our October Investment Community Meeting, there's more work to be done on the portfolio. We've set priorities, focused our -- on our North American core and key growth markets, including China and India. During the fourth quarter, we made the decision to wind down the Brazil first-party e-commerce business. We always want our resources aimed at winning in the most strategic places. So overall, the International segment continues to make steady progress as we find new ways to serve customers more effectively through stores and e-commerce. 
In conclusion, we have a plan that leverages our unique assets and strengths to benefit customers and shareholders. It's resulting in momentum. We're being disciplined about cost and capital, and we're acting faster as a company but are pushing to increase our speed. 
Thank you for your interest in Walmart. Brett, you want to pick up there?

Simeon, this is Doug. I'm happy to elaborate a bit more. First of all, I would say that, as we try to communicate in our remarks, most of that was expected and planned. As we came around the fourth quarter and looked at what we did last year promotionally, realized we're lapping Jet for some time now, we've expected a lower growth rate. The minority of the miss that was more operational in nature that we're referring to is related to the fact that, during the seasonal spikes, seasonal inventory, think electronics, toys, gifts, things like that, came into our fulfillment centers and there was enough cube that it harmed our basic in-stock on more everyday items, and our basic in-stock for e-commerce suffered as a result. So we're learning how to deal with higher volumes and learning how to deal with a higher peak than what we had previously. But again, that was the minority of the issue. Most of this was planned and in our numbers.

Thanks, Robbie. This is Doug. I'll start with the e-commerce question, and Brett can elaborate on it too if he would like to. We're not expecting the first quarter to go all the way to 40%. We think it'll start to ramp up from the fourth quarter to approximately 40% for the year. We're going to continue expanding our e-commerce business as it relates to food. Online Grocery's ramping up. As we've said, we're going to almost double the number of locations that do Online Grocery. That will drive e-commerce growth to a certain level. And then on top of that, we've got the activity planned for both Walmart.com and Jet. So we've got an investment plan there. We have an assortment plan and other innovations, as you saw last year, that will be occurring as we go through the year. So we think by the time we get to the end of the year and look back at the number for the total year, it will be approximately 40%.

Yes. Karen, this is Doug. Great questions. I think as we look at this year, we're trying to preserve flexibility as we go through the year to decide what level of investment we want to make in e-commerce as we go month to month and quarter-to-quarter. It's possible we may choose to lose a little more in e-commerce this year than we did last year, but generally speaking, we think it'd be about the same level of losses. Our visibility into picking costs, shipping costs, margin rates, the cost to acquire a customer and how the different cohorts are behaving as we make the marketing investments is really improving, and I'm excited about all the levers that are there. And we're -- we again are trying to preserve some flexibility to make choices as we go through. As it relates to the brands, Walmart is just a really well-known brand for value throughout the country. And when you get into Oklahoma and Texas, in the middle of the country, it just makes a lot of sense to invest in that brand rather than investing higher incremental dollar to introduce a brand that's less familiar. Now on the other hand, if you take the New York metropolitan area as one example, not the only one, the Jet brand is really well known, has a lot of traction, has appeal, as we mentioned earlier, to urban, millennial, higher-income customers. So it's really just a positioning choice, and that choice was made before we made the acquisition. I think we wanted to leave our minds open as we acquire Jet to make the best choices about how we use the brand and where we position it. But our thoughts before we bought it that basically become confirmed, that Jet plays a great role reaching parts of the country and selling, in some cases, some brands that are not ready to sell on Walmart.com. So I think what you'll see is Jet will go through a period of adjustment and then it'll start to grow again in the future but focused on specific markets and opportunities, whereas Walmart will be the broad-based, big part of the business, and growing it will be a priority.

Yes. Let's break it into pieces. This is Doug. I'll try to do so quickly. If you look at this business, look at it for the quarter or for the year, I think the first thing to always remember is we've got this really big and now strong business in U.S. supercenters. Our comp traffic's up. We're in a really strong foundation there, playing more offense than before. So the big part of the company is in good shape and foundationally strong. Now we've got Sam's to a point where it's starting to get repositioned. We'll see more traction and improvement in that part of our business. Internationally, the big businesses at Walmex, Canada and even the U.K., which is a big part of our International business, has been stronger lately. So kind of those big platforms are there and stronger, and I wouldn't want us to spend this whole call talking about a smaller part of the business, although it's of vital strategic importance. So now let's click to e-commerce. In the U.S. specifically, and don't forget we've got food e-commerce opportunities around the world, but let's focus just on the U.S. for a second, we've got this tremendous advantage of having the stores and the supply chain that put us within 90% of U.S. customers within 10 miles. So you can build on that to build a strong food e-commerce business, and that's what we're doing. Learning how to pick in-store enables Online Grocery. Learning how to pick in store enables delivery, which we'll continue to expand and learn more about as we go through the year. Now let's click to the part of the e-commerce business that doesn't come out of our stores. That's where you get into e-commerce fulfillment centers, the opportunity to leverage smart cart to build an e-commerce basket, not just selling eaches. Like selling a television at cost for Cyber Mondays, not all that exciting as it relates to being a way to make money, but driving baskets on e-commerce is. So you'll start to see smart cart functionality move over to Walmart. You'll see us continue to make assortment improvements to bring in new brands, be more increasingly open to not only the Jet brand but the Walmart brand. So as that happens, your mix starts to change, and you're selling a basket and a more profitable basket. To do that, there are times when an acquisition makes sense because it accelerates the improvement that you can make in your assortment. It might take us longer, for example, to do it organically. There's so many suppliers and so many brands to acquire to get on the platform. So some of the acquisitions we've made have been specifically aimed at assortment, and I would expect that some of that will continue.

Chris, this is Doug. I'll just add that I think we're getting better at managing our price investment considering all the other investments that we're making. So Brett and I and the management team are watching e-commerce growth rates, e-commerce profitability, store traffic counts and making decisions in a relatively fast cycle on how much price to invest and where to invest it, and we're monitoring what happens when we do that. So we're just going to calibrate this thing as we go through the year. It's one of our big levers, and we're excited about the fact that the investments we've made in the past are driving traffic and starting to get this productivity moving, which is ultimately what we're after. And one of the metrics that I get excited about and have been for some time now because the team's doing such a good job is inventory. For us to be down in comp store inventory again for the 11th consecutive quarter while shelf in-stock is going up is awesome and remarkable. And the cash flow benefits and the other benefits are flowing through to the overall business. So on price, we're being thoughtful, we're being strategic. And we'll manage margins just like we do the other parts of the P&L, a quarter at a time, balancing short term and long term.

No. Michael, this is Doug. That's not my perception, and the data doesn't support that. When you look at our share numbers, we feel really good about them, and not only the dollar share numbers but also units. I'm specifically thinking of the U.S. business in my comment. But the tonnage moving through our stores is increasing, and I don't feel a trend shift there.

Yes. Why don't we both -- I mean, you can go first, Brett.

I think the only thing I would add is that we're learning kind of the activity-based cost aspects of different paths. And I think, over time, if we could, and I think smart cart causes us to believe we might be able to, we'd like to bring the customers into this conversation and help them understand through our pricing and our communication that if you want to buy a single can of corn for under $1, there's not going to be a better, more efficient path to you than a supercenter visit. As the shape of a basket changes, food and nonfood, and it goes up, and remember, Jet had a much higher units per order and still has a much higher units per order than the Walmart brand does, you can start to change the economics of e-commerce to be profitable with a unit per order that looks more like 7 than 2 and a blended basket margin that helps you to have basket economics rather than eaches. So part of what we're trying to build with e-commerce, and I think you can see it, frankly, in the fourth quarter choices that we made around pricing on eaches, is that we're really focused on building a basket business because that's a big key to profitability.

No, I don't think so. Matt, my head, when you asked the question, started dividing it into food and nonfood. There's nothing new on food. I think if you go back and listen to or watch our October analyst presentation where we walked through the strategy for food, all of that, even more convicted, still holds. On the nonfood side, we're building a business. It's -- nonfood e-commerce is -- has not been our historic competency over the last few decades and the history of the company, and so we're learning something new. We're trying to build an assortment that enables a margin ultimately, and that's got components to it like attracting brands, being able to execute from a fulfillment point of view during a busy season. We've got some exciting things coming out with site redesign and other things this spring, I think, that will help us make more progress in that area. So I don't think it's that we've learned something new. I think it's a question of pace. And are the operational improvements and merchandising improvements happening? And are you investing marketing to kind of coincide with those improvements.

Sure. I'm excited about -- later this week, I'm headed down to Houston because we've got all of our store managers there and these new apparel brands that have been mentioned in the media are on the sales floor, and I hear they look great. We're focused on improving quality; still managing good, better and best; protecting opening price points, which we do such a great job of; reducing our SKU counts in apparel to improve our presentation. And we have some new fixturing in some stores that we're expanding on this year so that everything fits together, the quality of the product, the value of the product, the brand presentation of it, the ability to present it well because you have fewer SKUs and then a presentation in terms of fixturing that enables that to look fresh and new. We've got a big apparel business. It has been growing, but we have even more opportunity to grow it in store. And then online, there are numerous opportunities for us to build private brands, leverage the DNVBs of the world like Bonobos and ModCloth and maybe more in the future and attract other brands to both Walmart and Jet that will help us drive our apparel business and manage the mix. So apparel is a pretty big focus at the moment.

And on the fulfillment side, I would say we're in pretty good shape in terms of square footage and where it's placed. We had these 6 fulfillment centers with Walmart, the 3 we picked up from Jet. And Marc and the team are learning how to mirror inventory in certain places to improve customer service levels and to lower cost. So that's underway, but the physical plant is in pretty good shape generally. It's going to be fun to watch what happens with the Sam's Club efforts here. If we're going to take Memphis as a place to learn, we basically use the same facility, same steel that we use when members shop in the club and pick from those. That's going to help us with speed. It's going to help us reduce transportation costs. And once we have the wrinkles ironed out there, we'll use more facilities over time. Generally speaking, I think we're in pretty good shape. Over the years, looking ahead, as we grow the business, we may open a fulfillment center here and there, but that's where we stand today.

Sure. As you think about price investments in store, think about grocery, consumables and the fact that, across the store, there are some items, windshield washer fluid in the automotive department, tennis balls in sporting goods, that are high-turn, price-sensitive items to a degree. And when we think about the price investments in the store, we're not singularly focused on dry grocery. We're thinking about this in a broad way. The supercenter assortment is a big advantage, and we want to deliver low prices across the store, which also helps us drive traffic to the store and manage margins across the entire store. So evaluate the price investment through that lens rather than just grocery. And the returns we're seeing there are attractive. You can see it in the store traffic. And we're going to continue our strategy as it relates to those. We're not cutting short the e-commerce investments. I think part of what we're doing now is just letting the business mature and learning how to become stronger operationally in e-commerce. There may be a point this year and looking ahead where we want to be even more aggressive on e-commerce marketing, if we feel like those operational improvements are on the right path. We kind of watch that very continuously basically. As it relates to grocery delivery, we've had this small pilot going on with our own associates, and we'll continue to play around with that and learn what works there. But the expansion will happen through a variety of platforms. We'll use, depending on the spot in the country, different providers to get the product to the customer, and we'll be keeping an eye on NPS scores in particular. Our Online Grocery business has a really high Net Promoter Score, and we want to, as we start to grow delivery capabilities, ensure that the customer experience is as good through delivery as it is for pickup. So we've got some things to learn there, and it'll happen at a pace based on the customer experience.

Sure. I'll take capital allocation first. If you go back a couple of years, you'll remember that we closed quite a few stores around the world, including the 100-some-odd Express stores in Walmart U.S., the smaller stores that we have been testing as a pilot -- as a format. We discontinued those and closed those. At that moment in time, we had been through all of the 11,600-plus units around the world, sitting through real estate, meeting, Brett, country by country and making choices about the portfolio. So we did a lot of that cleanup then. We didn't do Sam's Club at the time. We were still working through a number of things, pacing things out, trying to put them in the right sequence. So the way I was thinking of it is let's make sure that the U.S. store business is strong. What do we need to make that work? That's where we made wage investments, price investments and cleaned up the portfolio. We've been focused on -- focusing on building an e-commerce business. That's still underway obviously. And then now we've turned our attention to Sam's Club. We've got a strategy we believe in, a leadership team we're excited about, and we're investing in that business to drive comps up there. So it's just been a sequencing, and the bottom line is we've been through the portfolio. I can't tell you there will never be more closings. A store here and there, I think, makes sense, but we've been through the majority of that big work for now anyway.

Thank you.