Good morning. Thanks for coming. You're going to hear about our future plans from several of our leaders today, let's begin by talking about Q4. I'll give you a summary and then Brett will come up and share more detail about the quarter, the year and our guidance going forward. 
We feel pretty good about the year, even though the fourth quarter was not our best. Our momentum in food and consumables within Walmart U.S. has continued. That's been our priority, and it's good to have that strength to build on. Our volume in stores as well as through pickup and delivery remains strong. And it was good to see our U.S. eCommerce growth of 35% for the quarter and 37% for the year. 
Our sales missed to plan in the U.S. within our stores and related to a few general merchandise categories. Sales in November and January were what we expected, but the weeks just before Christmas fell short. We performed well in electronics, Christmas seasonal, the home categories and health and wellness; but were short of plan in toys, media and gaming and apparel. The sales miss to plan and less favorable mix of sales impacted operating income and a change to our attendance policy contributed to wages being higher than they would have otherwise been. 
So a few things came together that affected our results. We know what happened, and we're already taking steps to address them. You'll hear more details from John and Marc in a bit, but those steps include adjusting our apparel assortment and presentation in stores. We were too opening-price-point dominant this year and we had too much of an investment in Christmas seasonal apparel. Also, we'll adjust some of the toy decisions we made, which John will say more about. And we'll change our approach to layaway, which missed sales plan by quite a bit this year. 
In addition to adjustments to our plan for stores, it's obviously important to accelerate progress in eCommerce, given the ongoing channel shift. We'll continue to build our eCommerce assortment by adding items and brands in key general merchandise categories. We'll improve our ability to ship e-commerce orders during peak and make sure that customers know we can do it. 
We exited the quarter in good shape in terms of the amount and content of our inventory. January sales are on plan and February sales have started off well, too. Sam's Club's fourth quarter sales were a little better than plan, with membership and eCommerce performing well. 
Walmex, India and China were highlights in Q4. Walmex is a real gem and we're really proud of that team. With respect to India, we remain excited about the opportunity we have there. The way Flipkart and PhonePe are scaling is impressive. 
In China, we drove improved momentum in the back half of the year as Sam's Club and eCommerce experienced strong results. We're managing the issues related to the coronavirus daily. Our primary focus is, of course, on our associates and our customers. Judith and Brett will share more about our thoughts and actions a little bit later. 
Now Brett will give you the detail on the quarter, the year and our guidance for this year, then I'll come back up and tell you more about our plan going forward. Brett?

Yes, sure. I'll start, and Brett, you can add in if you want to. I think we've got room to run on both. If you look at the grocery side of things, the first thing that goes through my mind is product quality and what we're doing in the supply chain to make sure the stores look great. Not only is that product what we put in front of customers every day in stores, but it's what we pick and it's what we deliver. 
And our pickup business, as we've lapped, anniversaried stores that we've rolled out, has continued to show strong comps, and we have the opportunity to add more stores, and then we're layering delivery on top of that. And while we're up to 1,600 stores with delivery, we've still got a runway to go there to add stores and we've got comp numbers that we can drive just on delivery from store to store. 
So there are so many dimensions that we can build on to grow there, and the stores increasingly can start to pick general merchandise. So you'll start to see a basket that looks like it's broader than just food and consumables. Big GM assortment in stores, a lot of items that are of tremendous values to customers, and we'll layer that on. 
At the same time, we've got the walmart.com opportunity. And with the action that Marc and the team took earlier this year to expand the number of next-day items that we have, we've got that growth opportunity. That number, SKU count-wise, will continue to go up. And you'll hear more in a little bit about what we're doing with marketplace and fulfilled-by as a service. So there's a breadth of opportunities to drive growth there. And we think the number that we've guided towards today is a number that we can deliver, and it will be a combination of both.

Well, we'll continue -- and we'll talk about this in a little bit as well, we'll continue some level of price investments. Staying on the offense and driving the productivity loop is our mindset around those things. I'm not forgetting the fact that we make money in food and consumables. And you know that with the mix of fresh, there's profitability there, and we're starting to do some membership sales which are interesting. 
But there is a particular focus in the company, especially after the fourth quarter, on general merchandise. As we walk our stores, we think we've got room to improve in several different general merchandise departments as well as just adding brands and SKUs like we've been doing so feverishly on Walmart.com. So we've got to execute the GM side of the box in addition to the food side, but we're very focused on it.

Yes, I don't think we've quantified the number on comps for grocery pickup and delivery, but they are really strong. And now we're to the point, Peter, where we can see some stores that are in their second and third years. So that's also really encouraging to see. In a little bit, we'll talk about the expansion of store numbers with the specific numbers for pickup and delivery. But it's a combination of adding some stores and driving that comp growth and then putting everything together with the membership fee that's on our mind.

Yes. It was, as we mentioned earlier, one of the areas where we fell short. And what we think happened is we got really focused, maybe even more so, on opening price points inside the stores and also very focused on Christmas seasonal apparel. We looked like red and green and could have been more basic and could have had some kind of middle price points as opposed to opening price points. And so we're focused on that. 
There's a ton of work on SKU count, presentation that's been underway for a while now, and we're optimistic that we'll be able to improve the in-store assortment of apparel and in parallel grow our apparel business online. We have a really big opportunity to sell a lot more apparel online. And we're adding brands. We've had some success this last year with some of the brands that we've launched, including Scoop. But there's a lot of upside for apparel online as well. We need them both. It's really an important category, not only from the customer experience, but from a margin mix point of view.

Yes. We should say, for just walmart.com, apparel is growing faster than the total. Apparel and home are both performing well, we just need even more from them.

Yes, it was good. But we don't think that we've done everything we must do and should do to support marketplace sellers in terms of the tools and services that we have available. And we've grown a marketplace business over the last few years to a pretty good size, and it's helped us a lot with the assortment and being top of mind for customers as they're looking for items. There's a lot of upside for us and Marc's going to talk a little bit more about that later. So let me let him elaborate on it.

Not big enough.

Yes. I think growing traffic in that range would be a good accomplishment, but I'd like to see more than that, especially when you think about it in an omnichannel fashion. And the combination of choices that we make, we'll manage from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, we can make investments at store level in price to help drive the productivity loop. We can make investments in eCommerce to help drive eCommerce. 
And as we see eCommerce losses improve, it gives us some room to make choices to do things like this year, the choice that we're making to accelerate our modernization of technology, which we'll talk more about in a moment. So the team works together in a really fluid way to set these priorities to make sure we're balancing all these things, including driving traffic growth. But overall, I would expect that we can transform the company while maintaining a level of profitability that is in the range of what we're talking about for this year. But we only set guidance 1 year at a time.

You may go first.

So yes, eCommerce was ahead of plan and stores were behind plan; and some combination of 6 fewer days, channel shift to eCommerce, maybe even that weather word you mentioned, all those things factored into what happened. And we wish we could tell you precisely how it weighted out. I don't think we're going to be able to tell you exactly what happened. But we do know that we've got room to improve in terms of store merchandising and assortment, not to say that there aren't a lot of strengths there. I mean, we've called out the specific categories. 
I can't remember a year where there wasn't a hot toy. The hottest toy this year was under $5. Many brands, these miniature mayonnaise jars and ketchup bottles, which I still don't completely understand. But it didn't really drive a lot of volume. There's not really another hot item. That's unusual. The calendars, every few years, this happens. And I didn't feel very good the last time this happened. And I'm getting old enough to remember several cycles now. So I'm not sure how to weight all that out for you. But we do know we've got to keep getting better at eCommerce and we got to run great stores, and that's where our focus is on tactically.

And low unemployment, relatively low fuel prices, really no inflation in the business, which is interesting. The comps that we're driving result in a lot of tonnage. And so that's great. I think there's room to make the price investments that we need to make across the box, not just in general merchandise in the plan to drive this kind of comp. But we assume that the customer is going to be somewhat in the same place that they're in right now.

We'll wrap up this morning talking about technology and giving you some examples of things that we're thinking about as it relates to automation. But we do have an opportunity inside the box, grocery picking on the side of the box as well as back in our distribution centers, to add even more types of software and hardware to make ourselves more productive. And I'm excited about that.

Those pieces include first-party, third-party services that support marketplace sellers, the way we manage stores and some of the other areas that we'll mention today. If we're thinking about the whole system, do we think that eCommerce losses will subside in time incrementally as we drive CP improvement and learn how to run an eCommerce business better? Yes. But it'll be a mix of things that will drive the profitability of the company.

Right.

We just won't let it happen. I mean, we've lived through what that looks like and we're in the stores all the time and paying attention to what hours and structure look like. I think that we would say that over the last year or so, our focus on grocery shifted the store managers' focus and others' focus to really executing in-stock and grocery pick and deliver on the food and consumable side. And it may have contributed some to apparel presentation and general merchandise. So in this business, you got to run the whole box, and we're focused on that and thinking about our staffing that way as we head into next year. 
As we build new products, I think this is kind of embedded in your question, Scott, launch grocery delivery, charge a membership for it and do other things, we've got to keep an eye on a pure store P&L and make sure that it's not inappropriately subsidizing new businesses. And we do think about that and keep an eye on it as we manage all these variables. I hope that answers your question. 
Yes. That goes into follow-up.

We've made a lot of progress on those things, but maintaining gaps and staying aggressive is in our plan, just not exclusively.

Yes, let's start with store operations. I mean, when Judith and her team wake up and maybe you are getting some sleep, they are thinking, first and foremost, about what's happening with our associates? What do they need? Are the stores being run well? Are we taking care of customers to the extent that we can? And we do currently have a majority of our stores with reduced hours. 
Looking back over the last few weeks, there have been a few times when we've closed a store for a little while. But we like to keep stores open. Customers need us. We do it with hurricanes in the U.S., we're doing it in this situation in China. There's collaboration going on with the appropriate government officials to make sure that we're doing all the things that they would expect us to do. And our team on the ground is doing a great job managing that. 
The mix shift happened. So if you could imagine yourself in that situation, you're focused on fresh food, you're focused on the staples that you need to have in your apartment or your home all the time, you're not thinking about toys or apparel. So that's occurred. And then another dimension that's changed is delivery's gone up even higher, as you would guess. And so this relationship that we've got with Dada for the last-mile delivery or last-few-steps delivery from the store up to the apartment, those kinds of things, that's enabled us to pick from our stores and do delivery and fuel some of that growth. 
But it will create a mix change to the P&L and we don't know what's going to happen next. I mean, one of the reasons why we couldn't put it in our guidance is because there's so many moving parts right now, including sourcing coming out of China, not only into the U.S., but into other markets as well. It's important for everybody to remember, in the U.S., we do about 2/3 of our volume with goods made in the United States. That other 1/3 comes from a combination of countries, especially China, Canada, Mexico, a little bit from India, Southeast Asia. So how long would those shipments be delayed? What can we do to buy goods that are already in the U.S. or made in the U.S. to supplement some of that so we don't feel as much of it? All of that work is happening, which makes it really difficult to call how it's going to play out in the quarter. We're not even through the first month yet. So that's why we've made the decision we've made.

Yes, I think it's more incremental. And we wouldn't put it on sale, we'd roll it back for at least 90 days, like it wouldn't be too temporary. I think we're -- the way we're coming across is probably being too dismissive of the strength of the general merchandise business in the stores. We have a lot of great merchandise and our teams do a great job across the board in hardlines and in some departments in particular. So there's a strength there to build on. 
Do I think that GM needs to grow faster than the total in stores and online? Yes. Do I think we've got room to make that happen in terms of the product we select and how we present it in store and online? I do. So I would just expect, over time, these things to get stronger as the team gets really focused on apparel and home and some hardlines categories. And I think the opportunity, both in stores and online, is clear and exciting. But it won't be a 1-quarter switch and it's not that easy. If it was that easy, we would've already done it.

I don't know that we've quantified it, but we changed our attendance policy and tied it to our incentive plans and people really showed up to work. And we, of course, anticipated that we would see that, but not to the extent that it happened.

No. Yes, I think those are 2 separate conversations. In a little while, we'll talk about all the things we're doing with associates to attract and retain talent. So let's cover it when we look forward. But that fourth quarter issue was just as I described, it's kind of that simple.

Yes, good question. We have a lot of data and have good visibility into where people are shopping, what's happening with us. And I would say, and I'll say it again in a few minutes, the fact that customers that shop us both in stores and online are so much more connected to our brand, spending 2x and spending more in store, is a thing that we're really focused on. 
So we have a lot of data and we can gather even more data, but I think I know it's going to tell us at the end. If you win their most frequently purchased items, you get the opportunity to serve impulse items online and in-store. And our focus is in driving that sweet spot.

Thank you. 
We actually have a 15-minute break scheduled for the session, so come back in about 15.
[Break]

Well, as the video reminds us, we're driving a lot of change across this business and I'm as excited as I've ever been about this company. The combination of our unique strengths and assets, the new ways we can serve customers and the capabilities we're building cause me to feel that way. From our front-line associates to our store managers, tech team and leadership, we have the mindset and culture to adapt. Innovation is happening across the company. We're pleased to see our people solving problems in new ways and with increasing speed. 
In addition to our strategy to serve customers, I'll share some thoughts on how we're creating opportunities for our associates, our thoughts on technology and the opportunity and responsibility we have to serve multiple stakeholders that Walmart serves, shapes or influences. 
I'll start today by focusing on the U.S., given how important it is. But you'll see that these strategic themes have implications for our markets outside the U.S. Our list of advantages starts with our supercenters. We have a strong assortment of the best-selling items priced at tremendous values. We're strengthening our fresh food offer and delivering strong pricing and in-stock across all of our food and consumables categories. We have a large and growing pharmacy, optical and OTC business. We're strong in seasonal hardlines. Our home business is performing well, but we have room to improve with apparel. We prefer to sell brands for less, but we're also improving our private brands, and they're growing faster than our overall sales. 18 of them do more than $1 billion in sales. And our largest private brand, Great Value, does more than $27 billion a year globally. 
Just as with merchandising, we have foundational strengths and room to improve in-store operations. Our team is focused on our people, our processes and our technology to improve the customer experience and increase productivity. We've improved associate education through our academies, and we're seeing retention increase because our associates are better equipped and more confident to do their jobs. 
We're empowering them with apps on their mobile devices that help streamline their work and put information at their fingertips. We're putting automation in place to help us improve side counter modular accuracy and in-stock. We're testing new technologies that will change how our front ends work and how our distribution centers flow merchandise to stores. We have the best store format in the right locations and we'll keep making them better. 
We'll keep improving our pickup experience, and we'll build on that capability to further scale delivery. For customers who want it, delivery will extend all the way into their kitchen or garage as we learn how to keep them in-stock on the items they buy all the time. The customer retention rate of our InHome pilot in Kansas City, Pittsburgh and Vero Beach is encouraging and the membership is $19.95 a month. 
Our EDLP assortment, with its strong opening price and private brand components, underpins a strong customer proposition. And when it's purchased as part of a big basket, which helps with pick and delivery economics, it's compelling for customers, whether it's purchased in store, picked up or delivered. 
No one else has that assortment so close to so many customers, and having profitable stores that function as pick centers is an advantage. The capital is already placed and well positioned. There's a Walmart within 10 miles of 90% of Americans, within 5 miles of 70% of Americans. And fully half the U.S. population is within just 3 miles of a Walmart. That's a unique position, and we're taking advantage of it. 
We didn't have a grocery pickup business a few years ago, and now it's huge. We started providing same-day delivery for our customers 2 years ago, and now it's available for more than 1,600 stores, covering more than 50% of the U.S. population. We've been learning to sell memberships for grocery delivery, and that looks promising. We've even built our own delivery platform for independent contractors to complement other delivery providers, it's called Spark. It's now available in 31 states and doing more than 30,000 deliveries a week. Over time and as volumes grow, we'll learn how to pick and deliver locally with more automation. As you know, we've already started with our test of AlphaBot and self-driving vehicles. 
As we're making the most of our stores, we're strengthening walmart.com. While our customer scores reflect the progress we've made on assortment delivery, we're far from satisfied. It's not only important because customers want access to a broad assortment delivered accurately and quickly, but we need the margin and profitability of a large eCommerce general merchandise business, and that includes a well-run marketplace supported by fulfillment services. Our interests are aligned with our customers and marketplace sellers. The losses we're experiencing today are necessary to build a business model that can compete and avoid being out-mixed. 
Our data shows that a customer who shops in both stores and through our app or website spends twice as much as a customer who shops in stores only, and they spend more in stores. It's obvious to us that people want to shop a brand in a seamless, omnichannel way that has little to no friction. So we'll keep adding assortment and new brands online. We'll keep growing to leverage our fixed cost and look for ways to intelligently speed up the process. 
Our assortment acquisitions, such as Shoes.com and Art.com and Hayneedle, which came along with Jet for the home categories, have added category volume and expertise to the company as they've improved customer choice. Jet has enabled us to attract new brands. As we described when we bought it, it's positioned as urban, younger and more affluent than Walmart. 
We haven't invested in it because of the traction we're gaining with walmart.com and the efficiency of the investment in the Walmart brand versus Jet.com, because we made that pivot, combined it with strong eCommerce grocery growth in the U.S. and other markets and made the investment in Flipkart, we now have a global eCommerce business that should achieve nearly $50 billion in sales in the year we've just begun. Now we've invested a lot to do it, but we're now in a position to play offense to win an omnichannel game. Our opportunity is to weave all this together in a way that grows sales more profitably. We've got a strong set of chess pieces to work with. 
Last year, I showed you this image of our portfolio. We're turning it into a set of mutually reinforcing businesses that create a stronger flywheel. We see the opportunity to build a next-gen Walmart productivity loop that serves the customer more holistically. The biggest customer funnel into the flywheel will be through those items they buy all the time. But regardless of how they initiate their interaction with our brand, we'll make it easier to experience all of Walmart. As they do, it will enable us to continue growing advertising and financial services. We think we can learn how to drive alternative revenue and profit streams by building on our core businesses. Learning how to build and launch digital products will be key. 
Beyond advertising and financial services, health care looks like a big opportunity. Given our large pharmacy and optical businesses and our experience with flu shots and other in-store health events, we have something to build on. It's another omnichannel opportunity that takes advantage of big boxes and big parking lots close to people. The early results from our 2 Walmart health clinics in Georgia have shown us that customers welcome us to participate in health care services. 
I don't want to get too far over my skis here because we're just getting started and we have a lot to learn and do, but after spending time in both of these health clinics, I think there's something here. Our doctors and health care professionals like the incentive structure. They're not being rewarded for sending people to a specialty that they may not need, they're being rewarded for caring for patients, and it shows. It's a small sample size, but our NPS score related to felt cared for is in the mid-90s. 
We're learning how to equip these clinics with the right people. We'll learn how to support them with the right technology. We'll try various pricing structures. We'll be experimenting with the size and layout. And we'll be exploring opportunities to add digital capabilities that extend outside of the clinics and eCommerce to round out the experience. 
Our opportunities with health care, financial services and advertising will take time to sort out and scale, but it's clear to us that in an omnichannel world, where people can complement our people-centric physical businesses with new digital businesses, our opportunity to serve customers holistically and profitably expand beyond what we've done before. 
Now let me take a minute to look further into the future. I think we're headed towards a time when customers won't really think about buying their routine items very often. They will tell us once, or less frequently anyway, and we'll take care of it. As a teenager, I remember my mom leaving our house asking, "Is there anything you need from Walmart?" It's apparent to me now she didn't say, "I'm going shopping. What do you need?" She wasn't shopping around, Walmart was the default. And as so many of our customers do today, she bought her big basket from Walmart and filled in from elsewhere. Well, the next generation of that is Walmart InHome. Customers will start to think of us like a membership service, where we make sure the items they use all the time are available in their homes. 
Whether it's that service, the way we design our store offer or the growth of our pickup business, we're out to win the big-basket stock-up trip that's delivered on time at an everyday low price. When it's our job to forecast their demand and keep them in-stock, it's not as important to deliver in a day or an hour. It's just required that their items be there when they need them. Price will matter. Our supply chain will support that strategy. We'll have a human relationship with customers as they interact with our associates, but we'll have a stronger digital relationship that saves them time and makes their experience with Walmart more enjoyable. 
To create these digital experiences that marry our people, our stores and clubs with our site and app, we're changing how we work inside the company. We're adopting agile, working in small teams to design experiences and solve problems. This change is an unlock to deliver seamless omni, to drive innovation, become more productive and pick up speed. Working this way won't only help us improve our core offer, but it will also help us build and launch digital businesses that eventually form a new business model. 
Sam's Club provides an early and good example of the benefits of working this way. It's become an innovation hub within the company. The Sam's team has created time-saving innovations, like Membership Express, which enable us to sign up new members in less than a minute. New apps like Sam's Garage allow members to buy tires in a fraction of the time it used to take. And the Ask Sam voice app gets our associates needed answers fast. 
The technologies we're using to assist our associates and members at Sam's are getting results. We've seen 16 consecutive quarters of comp sales growth in Sam's, excluding fuel, and we have more members now than we had before we closed clubs 2 years ago. Our overall membership count and renewal rates are up year-over-year. 
As I mentioned previously, a lot of what I've described for the U.S. is relevant across the world. We all want to save time and money. We all want to be pleasantly surprised by finding an exciting new item. Outside the U.S., Judith and team are working together to drive innovation. We offer grocery pickup and delivery or both in nearly a dozen countries. We've got some strong, well-positioned businesses in Walmex and in Canada. 
Flipkart and PhonePe are scaling quickly with a ton of runway ahead of them as we work to build platforms that support kiranas and small businesses. It's helpful to have built expertise with our cash and carry business in India, too. We have strong leaders in place, they and their teams are being aggressive. We're learning from them as they build out our ecosystem in this important market. 
In Mexico, we offer same-day delivery of grocery, consumables and thousands of general merchandise items. Gui and the team are building eCommerce capabilities and becoming a digital enterprise. We opened 134 new stores in Mexico last year, bringing our total for Walmex to more than 3,400. We're set up for omni in Mexico. 
Our business in China, particularly in Sam's Club, has been strong. With respect to Walmart in China, we drove eCommerce growth of 95% as we continue to expand Walmart Daojia and JD Daojia. Daojia, by the way, means to the home, and that's where we're going with an average delivery time of 40 minutes. We own about 10% of JD.com and have an investment in Dada, which provides delivery from our supercenters. 
Along with the U.S., Walmex, Canada, India and China are our priorities. Beyond those markets, we'll be working to set up other businesses for success. We've shown we're open to alternative ownership structures. You've seen us take action in Brazil and attempt to merge our business in the U.K. We'll be thoughtful about the portfolio, make the right decisions for our associates, our customers and our business. We'll be disciplined about positioning and where we invest in not just geographically. We're making choices as we transform the company. 
One choice we've made is to get more aggressive with regard to legacy technology. We've been operating and innovating on top of a complex set of global systems. We've decided to speed up the modernization process and do it in fewer years than we had planned even a year ago. Doing so will enable us to drive more innovation, speed and productivity. We'll wrap up our session today talking in more detail about those plans, the implications of which are in the guidance that Brett shared earlier. 
Now we aren't a tech company. We're a people-led tech-empowered company, but we're out to put tech and data to work. As we do, we'll keep people first. It's our humanity that differentiates us. Our associates' success is the company's success. And we have an opportunity and a responsibility to prepare them for the future of work. The impact of technology on the workplace is amongst the most pressing issues of our time. 
We design and manage a holistic set of benefits that support our associates, including: A fully loaded hourly wage that's now over $18 an hour, including part-time associates; quarterly bonuses that totaled $730 million last year and were earned by a majority of our U.S. associates; a 401(k) match, where we invested more than $1 billion last year for 650,000 associates; an enhanced parental leave policy that can provide up to 16 weeks of paid time for a birth mom; a $5,000 adoption benefit; and flexible health care plans that start as low as $29 per pay period. 
Working with partners like the Mayo Clinic and Johns Hopkins, we've created centers of excellence for serious health procedures to ensure the best care. We developed educational opportunities, enabling our associates to be prepared for their current role and prepare them for promotions. We will be a springboard for them. 
More than 12,000 associates are enrolled in Live Better U. And as of last year, they've completed more than 88,000 course credits which have a total worth of more than $42 million, and it costs our associates about $1 a day. 
Over the past 5 years, we've made incremental investments of more than $5 billion in training, education and higher pay for store and club associates in the U.S. alone. Without question, investing in our associates is the right thing to do, and we continue to see how our education offerings are paying off. 
Our commitment to supporting and developing associates isn't limited to the U.S. In fact, the academies we launched in the U.S. were copied from the U.K. In China, we have a program called Retail University that helps associates build new skills. In Canada, we offer tuition reimbursement for associates and their families at accredited colleges and universities. We're bringing our workforce into the future with us. 
And we're not just focused on customers and associates. We take a multi-stakeholder view. For many years now, we've taken action to benefit the breadth of stakeholders that we serve. Of course, our shareholders are our priority and we know they benefit over the long term as we serve customers well and create opportunities for our associates as we find win-win opportunities with our suppliers and marketplace sellers, invest to strengthen communities and take action to protect our planet. Without a healthy planet and strong communities, there is no business. If associates aren't happy, our customers won't be. When the business roundtable updated our statement on the purpose of a corporation in August of last year, I was surprised by the reaction from some. I'm so accustomed to how Walmart practices stakeholder capitalism that it didn't feel like news that companies balanced the interest of all of our stakeholders. We believe in creating shared value. 
We're certainly not perfect and there's more we can do as a business community, but there are plenty of companies taking action with tangible plans to do more, and it's the same for us at Walmart. We've accomplished a lot, we've set big goals, and there's still more that we can do. We're leading one of the largest private sector consortiums in the world taking action on climate change. The goal of Project Gigaton is to avoid 1 billion metric tons of emissions from our supply chain. To date, more than 2,300 suppliers are participating, and they report having avoided more than 200 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions. Within our own operations, we're on track to meet our commitment of an 18% reduction of emissions by 2025, and 28% of our current energy needs are being provided by renewables. In the U.S., we're diverting more than 80% of our waste from landfills and incineration, and we recycled more than 250 million pounds of plastics last year. 
Our work isn't just environmental. It's broader. Our purchase orders provide inclusive economic growth opportunities. We foster community resilience through disaster recovery. We were included in the Bloomberg 2020 Gender Equality Index for the second year, which is a recognition that we're helping to set example through measurement and transparency of women advancing in the workplace. In short, stakeholder capitalism is good business. 
Behind me, you can see the talented leadership team that I get to work with every day. Let me wrap up by saying a little bit about those who are in new roles or are new to the company, and I'll start with Walmart U.S. 
Greg Foran did a great job, and we are grateful. During Greg's leadership, we strengthened our foundation, delivered strong results and build momentum. Air New Zealand is going to be happy to have him. And if you want to have a little bit of fun, follow him on social media. He's up front with the pilot, he's serving drinks down the aisle to customers and he's been washing airplanes and moving luggage. Classic Walmart applied to Air New Zealand. 
Now John Furner is going to take that foundation and build on it. He has a depth of experience from his 26 years with the company that includes time as a Walmart U.S. store manager, market manager and buyer. He's worked in all 3 operating segments of the company. He led merchandising and marketing in China and he led Sam's Club here in the U.S. He knows the details of our business and yet he's a forward-looking innovator. I've enjoyed watching him embrace new ways of thinking about our business, and I'm excited about the innovation and speed he'll bring to Walmart U.S. 
Succeeding John at Sam's is Kathryn McLay. Most recently, Kath has been leading our neighborhood markets business in the U.S., which is performing really well. She's from Australia, where she worked with -- for Woolworths with Greg Foran and Roger Corbett, our former Board member, before joining us in 2015. Kath has supply chain, internal audit and operational experience. She's a strong leader, and she will do a great job at Sam's Club. 
Suresh Kumar joined us from Google in July as our Global Chief Technology and Development Officer. He has 25 years of technology leadership experience that includes 15 years at Amazon plus time at Microsoft before Google. We're excited to have someone of his caliber in this role, and you'll hear more from him a little later. 
Our newest addition is Donna Morris. She joins us from Adobe, where she had a 22-year career. She'll increase our digital acumen and help us accelerate our transformation. 
We have a deep bench, but we also understand the benefit of bringing in talented people from outside the company for their expertise and new ideas. 
As I said before, I'm as excited about this company as I've ever been. There's more opportunity ahead of us than anything we've experienced in the past. We have a meaningful purpose, a set of timeless values and a special culture. We inherit a DNA from Sam Walton that embraces change. We're adapting, and we're doing it from a position of strength with great people and great assets. Our core is strong. We're increasing innovation and speed while demonstrating the ability to execute and deliver results as we transform. We're ready and able to take this company into the next generation of retail, and we thank you for being part of it. 
Now it's time to hear from our other leaders, and we're going to start with John Furner.

Great. Thanks, Marc. So that will conclude the morning session or the early morning session. We're going to take a 15-minute break, and we'll be back with the rest of the program. Thanks.
[Break]
[Presentation]

Yes. We're going to take a few minutes and try to give you some examples of innovation that's happening, that are happening across the company. And we'll try to do that with some speed, and maybe we'll talk a little bit about how it's happening as well. 
And I mentioned earlier that we've been innovating and operating on top of a legacy tech stack that, as you would imagine through our acquisitions, as we grown internationally and built a business, historically ends up being a series of systems, and it needs to be simplified and modernized. As we do that, we'll find our way towards more speed, more innovation and more productivity. 
And Suresh Kumar, who I briefly introduced earlier, joined us in July, came from Google. He's a type of leader who can lead that type of investment and lead it well. And we're really excited to have you. Suresh, if you would start off kind of with -- kind of a big picture question, and let's talk a little bit about what it means to modernize the technology that we have at Walmart today.

I'm excited about the plan, and I'm excited about doing it faster. Let's go deeper into the architecture and talk a bit more about what a hybrid cloud actually means, what it means at Walmart.

I hope this is starting to connect some dots for you. We want to get faster. We want to get more innovative. We know we can use technology to be more productive. And in today's accounting world, a lot of the tech that we build is more on the OpEx side than the CapEx side. So we mentioned earlier in our guidance, we've got this increased investment in technology that in a period of years, we can position ourselves to be even stronger and better. It's one of the governors that we can use as we manage earnings, how fast do we go? Does this happen in 2 years, 3 years, 4 years? It's not a lot more than that, but it's also not in a year. So it's one of the variables that you might keep in mind as you think about the guidance that we gave you earlier. 
So now imagine the tech stack has been modernized, and all these emerging technologies are now available to us to serve customers in different ways. And you hear about all these various things. Marc mentioned some of them earlier today. Which ones do you think are most relevant and practical to move the needle for Walmart?

We have a lot of focus on the accuracy of first-time pick rate. But when we have to do a substitution, it needs to be as seamless as possible. So we'll try to eliminate them. And then the ones that we have, we'll make better. 
Let's wrap up with data. Walmart's used information for a long time to help us within stock replenishment. Our suppliers have been very helpful in helping us manage information that we've had, but we've never really focused on customer data to the maximum of our capability. And there are other places where we can monetize and use data more effectively, personalize the experience for customers, et cetera. How do you view the opportunity in front of us as it relates to data?

Got it. Suresh, really excited about your leadership. Glad you're here at Walmart. We're not going to wait to keep driving innovation until all of this work is done. These things will be happening in parallel, and we're going to give you some more examples of what's already underway. Suresh, thanks for coming out.

I now want to ask Dacona Smith and Jamie Iannone to come up for a few minutes. Welcome, Dacona. Jamie, we'll start with you.

Jamie leads membership, marketing, SamsClub.com at Sam's. He drives the product mindset. He works closely with the technology team. He's been with us for 6 years now?

And before that was with Barnes & Noble leading digital products and then at eBay for 7 years leading search and some other areas there before making his way to join us, which we're really glad that you did. Lots of cool stuff happening at Sam's. I mean for us to be able to stand up today and say that Sam's Club has become a tech incubator is really cool.

Yes. So thank you for your leadership as it relates to making that happen. Kath talked about Scan & Go. Let's lean into kind of the product itself, what the future looks like for it first, if you would.

Did that idea come up at about 5 p.m. on a -- one day? Or...

You don't have to scan a barcode or anything?

Love that. We've talked a lot about Ask Sam today, but I'd appreciate if you'd go deeper into how that product was built. And when we -- we get excited because we think about all these footsteps. Associates all over our clubs and stores running all over the place to get information and how efficient it is. It's been fun to see how Ask Sam has taken hold at Sam's. How did that story come about? How do you build something like that?

Maybe we can ask it how to forecast sales in December. We apparently can work on that. Can it tell you anything?

Kath and I were in a Sam's Club in Florida a few weeks ago, and there was this one section that looked like it had too many SKUs for a warehouse club, and so we were wondering if the club had it set wrong. And we asked the club manager, can you show us the layout for this particular section? He pulled his phone out, asked the Sam's Club app, and it pulls up the exact layout. And sure enough, he's got it set just right. It was our problem, not his problem, and he was very pleased to point that out to us after I got through showing it to him. Thanks, Jamie. 
So you worked at Walmart for a long time. How many years with the company, Dacona?

30. And what was your first job?

You've come a long way.

And now when you show up at a store to go visit, what's the first thing you do? Probably grab a shopping cart and push it inside?

Haven't come that far. So you leave Walmart, you go to Sam's Club. And you spend about a year over there, and you see how the team is working as it relates to products like this. And now you move back over to Walmart U.S. to run all of operations. Congratulations.

Are you going to steal the Ask Sam?

I mentioned Spark earlier, the independent contractor platform. Would you tell everybody a little bit more about it? What's the future look like for Spark?

Just one of the ways we'll solve last mile as we're working on autonomous vehicles, we're working with partners. In the case of InHome, we wanted to be our own associates. There's a menu of ways for us to solve last mile for customers, and we're working on that. Thank you both very much.

I appreciate you coming up. I'll invite a couple of more folks to come up. Karthik Raghupathy leads Strategic Development and Business Development for PhonePe, Karthik, and Kathleen McLaughlin is our Chief Sustainability Officer. 
Karthik, I'll start with you. We've covered PhonePe to some extent, but you've been there from the beginning, and you understand this better than anybody else. In your own words, how would you describe PhonePe to this group?

Got it. So there's a use case that starts with payment in India, and then it expands from there. And now we've all seen what happened with WeChat and how Tencent led that. These use cases, as they grow, do they result in what some people call a super app?

Okay. Anticipated that one. 
[Presentation]

Got it. So some people might be a little confused about the ATM reference. Actually, what's happening is India's generation is skipping ATMS.

It's digital money dispersed frequently at kiranas.

That's another example of how innovation is occurring in India and innovations occurring within Walmart. We're really excited about PhonePe. That's why we've talked about it so much today, but we're just as excited about Flipkart and Myntra. And the way this -- as I've mentioned to you in our last meeting, the way these pieces fit together to create a mutually reinforcing ecosystem is super interesting to us. Business models are changing. The retail business model has changed and is changing, and we're learning a lot due from what's happening in India and applying that across the company in an increasing way. And really appreciate you and the team. Please thank everybody for us. 
It might surprise you to know that in my job, sometimes things get announced at Walmart that I've never heard of until I've read about them in the news. But I know that's not supposed to be the case. I'm supposed to hear about everything internally. But actually, today, there is so much happening across the company that it's true that we're solving problems and innovating in ways that I haven't heard about sometimes until I read about it. And I actually love that. 
Now I try to be careful not to ask too many questions when that's the case because it will slow people down, and they'll want to clear everything with leadership, and we don't want them to do that. We have common values. We have a culture. You know what problems you need to go solve and go solve the problems. That's an important ingredient as it relates to speed. 
So when we were talking about telling you some innovation stories and tech stories, it was exciting for me to hear Kathleen McLaughlin, her story and what her team has been doing, to take technology and put it to work to tackle some of the biggest problems we face as humans. 
Kathleen is a global shaper as it relates to thought leadership and policy, and we're really thankful that she's part of Walmart helping us all become Chief Sustainability Officers. And if you would, Kathleen, tell them about how we're deploying tech to help with things like climate change.

I mentioned earlier this idea of business serving multi-stakeholders. I think you gave us several good examples of how reaching out to suppliers or thinking about the planet or communities is actually really good business because eliminating waste helps us fulfill our purpose of saving people money so they can live better. And sometimes that waste takes the form of carbon. Sometimes it's plastics. And we're trying to work across the whole system, be systems thinkers and drive an overall optimization of our business model, not a suboptimization. And I hope through these examples, you can see that culturally, we've -- we're there, our mindset's there, and we're doing good work, and we know that we can do more. And Kathleen, appreciate your leadership in making that happen.

Thank you very much. Karthik, thank you.

We're going to pivot now to the Q&A portion, and I'm going to invite the team to come up and join me up here. And Dan will help facilitate, and we'll open it up for any question on any subject that you all want to ask. And Paul's hand went up first.

Dan?

He's early.

We probably all want to weigh in on that one. John, why don't you go first? Marc, you go -- and then I'll -- others can jump in.

In the late '90s, I was the General Merchandise Manager for electronics, books, sporting goods, stationery and some other categories and could see what was happening with eCommerce, with e-Toys, and Amazon starting to sell books and those kinds of changes. And going way back then, we were even thinking about spinning out Walmart.com and having it be a separate entity separate from Walmart to create speed and the investment. From the late '90s all the way through until kind of these last few years, I've seen the fits and starts with Walmart, trying to get really committed to eCommerce and make it happen. And we'd love to do some of that over again if we could do it over again and kept some separation between stores and eCommerce because I had seen a large profitable established business in large and small ways diminish the emerging investment business, if I could call it that. And Clay Christensen's book, The Innovator's Dilemma, influenced me a lot. And having had conversations with him and read the book and studied it, I concluded we got to keep this separate for a little while. But the issue is the customer keeps pulling it together. They want one experience for the brand. And so what we've got to have is we got to have a leadership team that gets omni and believes in omni and supports the whole thing. People that work in eCommerce that want to help stores. People that work in stores that want to help eCommerce. And over time, this ends up being one business and one thing. 
So Marc mentioned the customer org and the supply chain org. There'll be other changes that come along, but we've got to set ourselves up so that the whole thing can innovate and move with speed in an omni fashion. And I really do appreciate how everybody has worked together these last few years, but there's a whole other gear to get to, to make this happen in a faster way. And I think it's time to really this next year and maybe a little bit beyond kind of finish that off and have one omni org still with a great diverse team, thinking about how we solve these problems. But in the end, one customer proposition that's seamless. And you asked about what does that unlock looking ahead, and just think about how easy we can make it to do merchandise returns when somebody wants to do a merchandise return. Now think about how we can connect that payment. Think about how we can use data when we have one version of the customer. We know who they are, and we know what they've consumed across the channels. There are lots of little unlocks that'll occur as we get even better at that. And I'm really excited about it.

And we may have failed to communicate clearly at times, including me, about the 1 million or 2 million being first party versus everything. I mean, we never thought 1P plus 3P was 1 million or 2 SKUs. We were focused on 1P as we were answering those questions. So it'll be a much bigger assortment when you put 3P with it.

There's a reason we only give annual guidance. It is a fluid environment, and we're making decisions all the time. And when I look ahead and think about what more we would want to do, it'd be things that would help us secure the future of the company. So if we see a window to play offense on something, and we think speed is really important, we'd be more aggressive in that way. We would like to pay our people more, and we have been and will continue to be focused on people. That'll be important. But we have put a lot of this on the board. Now we've got a lot to work with, a lot of variables to make decisions around. And so I think we described it earlier in today or -- and just now sufficiently.

As it relates to like card discount, we don't underestimate them or anybody. Our opening price points are going to have the right spec and the right size and priced competitively. And then we have this whole other assortment that we can work with to make sure that we deliver profitability for the business.

Let's -- yes, you want to go?

And then Sam's also made a pivot, Kath, to a higher income member, a few years ago. How is that going?

And we didn't take it to every store in Kansas City or in Pittsburgh. It's a small number of stores. So it's a pretty small sample size right now.

One of the things that I learned when I went to visit the Kansas City test a few weeks ago is that our own associates are using the service. It's $20 a month. And while our sample size is small, our associates make up a small percentage of that small pool, but a bunch of them are delivering into each other's homes and love it. So all kinds of people are going to use this service. It's been fun to watch them deal with each other's dogs and things like that.

I think the speed of automation is important. It's also important to get the right kind of automation. And when you think about the stores, as we've done with AlphaBot, having the same inbound freight in some of the last mile being shared with this automation on the side of the box instead of some huge center that does grocery automation, that's an interesting choice that time will tell which one was the right one.

And I think it's more organic than through acquisitions. There may be periodic acquisitions, obviously, can't rule that out, but the opportunity to build digital products, which is part of the point of the panel, you've now got a situation where across the company, we're learning how to build experiences that you can monetize and tack on to the core business. I think I said something earlier about we're attaching digital products and businesses to the people and physical core businesses that we built over time. That's a big opportunity. And it can relate and will relate to financial services. We have a financial services business now in the U.S. Obviously, we've talked a lot about phone pay today. There's an opportunity in Mexico. That exists across the company in all these different markets. 
In the U.S., you can weave in with payment more successfully than we have so far, other use cases that help drive a financial services wheel. Then there's health care services. Advertising has grown faster than sales. We want to be thoughtful about how we grow that advertising business and not have it pollute the customer experience, either online or in store. So there's kind of a management governor on how big and how fast we want to make that, but it will grow faster than sales. We've got a great opportunity to do that. 
Are there others? Yes, there are. We are choosing not to make a big investment in digital entertainment. There's plenty of money being used by others to do that. We can use ours to do something else. And so there will be an opportunity for us to have partnerships in the digital entertainment space. And as we've described to you before, we do think about what's strategic and core that would cause us to lean towards can we build it. As it relates to acquisitions, can they bring speed and expertise that would be better than building? And then with what's left, how do you partner to create open systems where people win-win? We have a history of enabling people to win by doing business with Walmart. We think that, that can be done in the future with all kinds of people beyond just product suppliers.

Well, go ahead.

Expect to make a lot of progress in picking GM in-store during the course of the year. So just to repeat something that John said, you can, today, go out on the grocery app, the orange app, and you could buy back-to-school. And moms love it. So they just take their list from the school, and it populates. That's a great example of the fact that we can already do it and how much they want it. But we do have to stitch these 2 together as soon as we can and obviously do that well.

Before I get corrected, I think I said moms can use it. Dads can use it, too. I just said moms because it's been moms that have liked hugged my neck. Literally, when I go to a store, I almost always go out to the pickup area. And for 2 years in a row, when I've gone out to that spot, I've seen moms that have a grocery order with their back-to-school list, and they say things like, I don't have to throw elbows with the other parents to get my school supplies. Do you know how great this is? And one of them literally hugged me. So moms and dads would both love it, I'm sure.

Back to the bigger picture of trust and privacy, we feel like we've earned a certain amount of trust from customers over time, and we just want to build that. We certainly don't want to lose it. And Rachel, if you wouldn't mind, grab a microphone. Rachel Brand leads our governance area, compliance, ethics, legal. And Rachel, you recently created a new position within the company to help us think through all these issues. Rachel, Dan Bartlett, myself, we spend a lot of time thinking about how we set the company up to not only have an effective business model but manage privacy in a way that it accrues trust to the company even more so, especially if we want to do things like be in the customers' home, servicing them with groceries, they have to trust us. And they have to trust how we're handling their data.

I think in today's world and tomorrow's, we have to personalize for customers. And Walmart's got to create one view of the customer and then put it to work. One of the key questions will be for which use cases? And we really believe in everyday low price for Walmart supercenters. The benefits of flowing inventory in an EDLP business model are significant. So what we wouldn't want to do is start down the path of an old-school loyalty program and high-low that creates all this disruption in the supply chain. But there are plenty of use cases. You bought that tie, you'll like this one. Or you bought this Nike top or -- we don't carry Nike yet in the Walmart stores. I hope they're listening. Maybe -- you bought this, so you want that. You brought up -- you bought a printer so you need ink or things that you're buying -- many use cases that we can do using data that will help us earn more trust, drive the loop. And we'll do those things, and we'll do it as quickly as we can do it. But we need to be really careful which use cases we adopt within the Walmart brand.

Yes. I just -- we'll close by saying thank you. And Brett may want to say a word, too. We appreciate the relationship that we have with the investment community. We're trying to do the best job we can for you of laying out what our opportunities are. We've got a really strong team, not just the people that are represented in this room, but 2 million plus that are working to make these things happen. And as we walk out of this room today, we know yesterday's yesterday, we're focused on driving speed, innovation and execution so that we can continue to have strong results. We appreciate the engagement that we have with you.

Thanks, everybody.