Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to discuss our first quarter results and how we're positioned in the business. Given the amount of disruption and volatility, we and the rest of the world have faced in recent months, we developed a set of 5 priorities to guide our decision-making since the crisis began, and I'll use them to frame my comments.  
They are, one, support our associates that are serving on the front line; two, serve our customers that need access to food and critical supplies; three, help others, including the communities we serve, new associates looking for work, suppliers we partner with, those that lease space in our stores, plus the work of federal state and local governments; four, manage the short term well operationally and financially, including our cash position and inventory level; and five, drive our strategy forward, even as we navigate a crisis.  
First, our associates. They have been flat out amazing. They're dedicated and hardworking. They continue to adapt as crisis challenges us to work differently. More than ever, I think society sees them and appreciate their service to others as do I. So our first priority has been supporting them. In every country where we operate, their physical safety, financial health and emotional well-being have been at the top of our list. In the U.S., we've done that by providing extra paying benefits, including 2 special cash bonuses to all hourly associates and assistant managers in our stores, Sam's Clubs, distribution and fulfillment centers. We've also accelerated payment of first quarter bonuses and made it possible for hourly associates to access their earned pay weekly rather than every 2 weeks in order to help them with their personal finances. We've done similar things in our international markets to support and reward associates.  
From an operational standpoint, we reduced store hours to allow for additional cleaning and sanitizing. We posted social distancing decals, implemented protocols for temperature checks, began metering the number of customers in a store or club at any one time and installed sneeze guards at pharmacies and checkouts. Also, all associates are required to wear face coverings, which we've provided to them.  
Since the middle of March, we've hired more than 235,000 associates in the United States, the majority on a temporary basis, to help relieve some of the burden faced by our associates in stores and supply chain facilities as well as to help provide opportunities for people who've been displaced from their previous jobs.  
Beyond financial and operational efforts, we've implemented a number of benefits to support associates' health and well-being. These have included a new COVID-19 emergency leave policy and waiving the co-pay for assessments using Doctor on Demand for associates and family members covered by a Walmart health plan. We're pursuing strategies with testing associates for the virus, including, in the longer term, antibody testing.  
Of course, COVID-19 has affected many communities and our people. We have felt the impact of this awful virus within our Walmart family, and we mourn the loss of some of our own. Our hearts go out to their families.  
Our front-line associates have always been the priority in our company, and through this crisis, they're playing an important role in each country's ability to respond. We continue to support them and look for ways to operate as safely as possible.
After supporting our associates, our next priority is serving customers. In the U.S., the first quarter started out as expected, but as the pandemic spread, we saw the mix of sales shift heavily toward food and consumables, as we had previously experienced in China. This was the first stock-up phase that we all saw so vividly. We experienced unprecedented demand in categories like paper goods, surface cleaners and grocery staples. For many of these items, we were selling in 2 or 3 hours what we normally sell in 2 or 3 days. As the quarter progressed, we saw a second phase related to entertaining and educating at home. Puzzles and video games took off. Parents became teachers. Adult bicycles started selling out as parents started to join the kids. An overlapping trend then started emerging related to DIY and home-related activities. Think games, home office, exercise equipment and the like. It was also clear a lot of people were taking a do-it-yourself approach as they bought items like bandanas and sewing machines to make masks. We can see customers looking to improve their indoor and outdoor living spaces. Our home categories, in stores and online took off.  
Toward the end of the quarter, another phase emerged, call it relief spending, as it was heavily influenced by stimulus dollars, leading to sales increases in categories such as apparel, televisions, video games, sporting goods and toys. Discretionary categories really popped towards the end of the quarter.  
Our supply chain is amongst the most capable in the world, but in this environment, we've stretched it. Not only have products in categories like hand sanitizer, disinfecting wipes and sprays, toilet paper, beef and pork have been hard to find, but items such as laptops, office chairs and fabric have been cleared out in some of our stores and online. We're working to recover our in-stock position as we begin the second quarter.  
From an inventory standpoint, we ended the quarter down about 8%, but we have higher levels of inventory in some areas and lower-than-desired levels in others. We're working intensely to improve in-stocks for high-demand items and adjusting order volumes and taking markdowns on items that have moved more slowly. We expect the environment to stay quite volatile in the coming weeks and months. Brett will discuss that more in a minute.
The third priority for us has been to help others. Because some of our suppliers and tenants are feeling pressure, we've taken steps to support them. In some instances, we're able to provide greater flexibility with delivery windows. We've also simplified the process to qualify for our supply chain finance program.  
For our in-store tenants, we waived or discounted rent through April and May.  
Community organizations that serve as a social safety net are under incredible pressure, too. We're helping them through Walmart and the Walmart Foundation. We've given more than $35 million to COVID-19 relief and response initiatives, with $10 million of this focused on food security in the U.S. We continue food donations from our stores and DCs to local food banks and have found new ways to engage our customers in support of this effort.  
Finally, we're collaborating with federal and state governments. In March, we were asked to stand up testing sites for COVID-19 in some of our parking lots. As of today, we've opened 139 sites and we expect to open an additional 44 more by the end of May. We've also asked some of our apparel suppliers to convert production to PPE for health care workers. This has led to nearly 2 million additional medical gowns in our country supplied to date, and we expect roughly 10 million will be added by the end of June through our partnership with McKesson.  
We also partnered with Salesforce and State Farm to provide face masks mass and shoe coverings to health care workers.  
I'm proud of what we've done as a company over the past several weeks. I'm really proud of how our people have stepped up. As we've supported associates and served customers and communities, we've also been able to effectively manage the business and continue to make progress against our long-term strategy. During this extraordinary period, we've continued our everyday low-price discipline, and we continue to build trust with customers, some of whom are trying our products and services for the first time.  
Despite strong ticket growth in sales in the first quarter, mix shifts negatively affected gross margin and we incurred higher cost to operate.  
Our increasingly seamless omnichannel customer proposition is resonating. This strategy positions the company well during this crisis, and we remain convinced that it will in the future.  
Before this crisis, we were already seeing robust adoption of online pickup and delivery. As this crisis created a need for social distancing and required people to stay at home, customers embraced pickup and delivery even more. Pickup and delivery are attracting greater numbers of new customers. The number of new customers trying pickup and delivery has increased 4x since mid-March. We expanded slot capacity as demands swell, and we've increased the number of general merchandise items available to choose from. I think it's time we stop referring to our supercenter pickup and delivery capability as online grocery, because it's becoming much more than grocery.  
Beyond expanding the assortment, we also created a pickup hour specifically for those at risk and for first responders. And we worked with the USDA to expand the SNAP online pilot to more states.  
Walmart.com also saw a surge in demand during the quarter as customers opted for greater convenience and increased social distancing. The U.S. eCommerce business grew 74% in total. Growth in marketplace outpaced the overall business, even as first-party sales were strong.  
In the U.S., we quickly rolled out ship-from-store and we're now temporarily fulfilling orders placed on walmart.com through about 2,500 of our stores. We also launched Express Delivery to provide customers the convenience of having their orders delivered to their door in under 2 hours. The Express Delivery is [indiscernible] from nearly 1,000 stores today, and our goal is to be in around 2,000 stores by the end of June.  
Our tech teams are continuing to execute. For example, we've launched more than 70 new or accelerated capabilities in response to the virus. We've done this while staying focused on core products, like One app and Express Delivery, as well as building out the next-gen tech stack. We talked to you in New York about that a bit.  
Even as we continue to drive our strategy, we're maintaining discipline. We're reducing expenses in areas outside of the stores and clubs like hiring above store level, management consulting services and, of course, travel. We're continuing to review other areas of the business for efficiency opportunities.  
One decision we've made is to discontinue Jet.com. While the brand name may still be used in the future, our resources, people and financial have been dominated by the Walmart brand because it has so much traction. We're seeing the Walmart brand resonate regardless of income, geography or age. The Jet acquisition was critical to jump-starting the progress we've made the last few years. Not only have we picked up traction with pickup and delivery, but our Walmart.com nonfood eCommerce growth accelerated after the arrival of Marc and the Jet team. He leaned into the Walmart brand quickly. We don't anticipate a significant accounting charge due to this decision, and the vast majority of associates have previously been assigned to the Walmart brand.  
At Sam's Club in the U.S., the value of a membership has never been more evident, and they've been growing strong in eCommerce as well. Sam's tested and implemented a pickup and delivery service in pharmacy and instituted concierge drive-up service for seniors and others at risk. I'm really proud of the work of our international markets. They've served customers during this time period in a terrific way. In the quarter, Mexico and China led the way with strong sales through omnichannel and Sam's Club.  
Our 26 international countries are experiencing different effects and timing as it relates to COVID-19. Except for Canada, April falls into Q2 for our international markets, and we can tell you it was a challenging month. We expect that to continue in several markets throughout our second quarter.  
The closure of stores and warehouses in some of our markets contributed to volatility in sales for the quarter, and we expect even more in Q2. For instance, the Flipkart business was limited by government regulation to selling only essential items for several weeks. And in South Africa, a large number of stores were closed.  
But broadly speaking, in each market, our teams are stepping up to serve customers and help their communities.
I want to close where I began, by thanking our associates. We're more grateful to them than I can articulate. The effect this virus is having around the world has made it clear that we all need to do everything they can to help each other and our communities get through this. At Walmart, we're blessed to have a unique set of assets and a strong business that puts us in a good position to support our associates and serve our customers, communities and shareholders. I wish you and your family's good health, and I look forward to seeing you in person when the time is right. Thank you for our interest -- for your interest in our company. Brett?

Robbie, you did a great job of working in 3 or 4 questions into one question, I can see how this is going to go. I'll do my best. 
I think if I answer the U.S. question. As I look across sales every morning, it's been kind of surprising that, John, it's been more consistent than I would have guessed. I think the stimulus money is probably driven in the last few weeks, and at the end of the quarter, that consistency from geography to geography, but you can see some. In terms of what people are buying, I would also say there's consistency there. And John, when I get through, you may want to comment more on the U.S. In China, Robby, because of the way they approach things, I think the bounce back is going to be different and has been fairly strong there relative to what we'll see in the U.S. and other markets. I think we may see a bit of a 2-step in some places where we make progress, 2 steps forward, take a step back and then move forward again. Obviously, there are a lot of pieces that have to be put in place from testing to exposure notification. I think policies at state level and accounting level are going to influence this. And it'll be volatile and we'll just manage it. Job one for us right now in the U.S. is to get back in-stock and be positioned to serve customers for whatever it is that they want to buy. We have seen some inflation. And John, you may want to comment on that, too. Everybody knows about the cost inflation that happened in the protein categories. I think there may be some in others as well. We're going to try to keep our prices low. How we think about that, we wanted to deliver our customers the best value that we can while managing our bottom line and that's what we'll do as we look forward. John, do you want to add anything?

Yes. I'll kick it off, and then Marc and John may want to add as well. Karen, it's been great to see how the teams responded to the additional volume. I mean, it was a big uptick and it took a bit of time for us to get on our feet. I was in an eCommerce fulfillment center in Fort Worth, Texas a few weeks ago. We finished after Christmas with 1,000 associates in that facility and the day that I was there, we had 4,000. So the surge just in throughput is amazing. And the stores have been acting as fulfillment centers, as I mentioned in my comments. I think the 4x number you're referring to was specifically related to our pickup and delivery business at store level and how many new customers have picked it up. And John, I think we've seen indications already that they are repeating. And as our performance got better with in-stock, I think our ability to deliver a strong NPS score there is going to be an indication that we should be able to retain them. I don't have any information about their demographics. I don't know, John, if you or Marc do. But why don't I turn to the 2 of you and let you add some color to what I've said already. Marc, do you want to go first?

I think one of the things we've been saying all along is we need a bigger online business in profitable categories. And Marc and the team have obviously been working on that. But you'll remember, in the fourth quarter, it was one of the points that we emphasized. Now if you look at what's happened in the first quarter, we've seen some traction there. Marc, it's also great to see that the marketplace has grown faster. So some of the things we were trying to get done over a period of time have accelerated as a result of what's happened during this period. But there are still other things, Paul, I'd be keeping an eye on. At the end of this, it's about a really healthy top line with a strong mix represented, not just consumable items at low margin delivered through any means they want, through our stores, if that's the most efficient route; straight from FCs, if that's the most efficient route. And that's the math that we work with underneath.

I think we're being -- our mindset is an aggressive mindset, meaning that, Simeon, we want to drive this eCommerce business and the marketplace that goes with it as aggressively as we can. And Marc, you can chime in here as well. But we had a growth in terms of capacity and capital to build out our fulfillment centers. We have a multiyear plan there, and that will continue. It's been great to see the stores step up during a period like this to handle surges. That capability is one that serves us well over time. And we -- I think with the membership plan that we have, some of the things we spoke about in New York, we're positioned to play offense as we go through the summer and into the end of the year. And even as the virus and other things create volatility, we'll keep moving forward on our strategy. The 5 priorities that I mentioned earlier are the ones I think will persist through the year and we'll keep driving the long term while we're managing the short term. Marc, do you want to add anything?

Marc, do you want to take marketplace first?

Bob, this is Doug. I would just add that the collaboration between our suppliers and our team has been really strong. Really appreciate the merchants, the replenishment team, not only in the U.S. but around the world. I think the communication has been terrific. I've personally been involved in some of that communication. The CEOs and the leaders of our suppliers have kept us up to speed on what they're dealing with. They don't only try to keep their people safe throughout their supply chain, but think about the suppliers that they have into the supply they bring to us. There's just a lot of steps to this. And I think it's been impressive how people have responded.

Yes. Marc, I'll kick things off and then toss it over to you. I think our need for capacity has been one that we've been aware of. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a multiyear plan to grow it, and we'll do that and, in some cases, might pull things forward a bit, but I don't know that you would notice it. It did take time to recover because the demand popped to such a high level. And as I mentioned with the Fort Worth example, we had to hire a lot of people. One of the pieces of innovation that might go unnoticed here is that our team figured out how to hire people in a much shorter period of time, what would have taken us days and weeks was taking us hours and days, and that was also true for the eCommerce fulfillment centers. So the stores stepped in to help with excess capacity. So Marc, I think you can add anything you want to add to that. But as you do that, would you also, as it relates to the long-term profitability of the eCommerce, mention whether or not we've been able to add any new brands in this period of time to the assortment?

I think big picture, one way to think about it would be that we're going to sell a broad assortment across merchandise categories and services to customers. And we're going to do that as they come into our stores and clubs, as they utilize pickup on-site and as we deliver to their home and eventually into their home. And what we will do is design and execute a supply chain underneath that, that leverages all of our assets. So there'll be times when it makes sense for an order to go straight from an FC based on what that order is comprised of. There'll be other times where that may be split between stores and fulfillment centers. There are other times where it may flow completely through a store, maybe even John receiving something from a fulfillment center to a store joining our last-mile delivery, which I know you've been working on as we speak. So I think we just learned over time how to manage the cost underneath that top line demand. And we've got a lot of assets to use, a lot of flexibility to balance speed, expectations of service with cost.

Chris, this is Doug. We're all looking at each other. If the SNAP change has occurred, we're not aware of it. But it's a great example of the volatility that could very well be true. We're processing so much information, it may be that we're just not aware of that yet. I mean, when you think about guidance, Brett, there's upside, downside. We're just going to have to manage this thing week to week. And Chris, I would not attempt to forecast back-to-school right now. There's a reason we pulled guidance. We're telling you about the first quarter. We'll tell you about the second quarter later.

John mentioned 2 hallways. That refers to the fact that on our app, you can choose to do grocery pickup from the store or order from walmart.com. But over time, I think what John said about general merchandise matters, it's going to end up being that you can do kind of a really quick pickup or delivery from a store location, and it will be inclusive of general merchandise, which helps us with mix and also improves the [indiscernible]. So our language will probably evolve away from online grocery to just be pickup and delivery, and we'll talk to you more about what that means in the future.

I think it could be related to metering going into the stores. There have been periods of time during the quarter where we work at stripping transactions at store level because of social distancing. In Sam's, we weren't using as much of the capacity of the building before this crisis as we were in the supercenters. So that may be contributing to it.

Mike, I think one of the embedded questions in what you just asked is, what approach will we take to testing for the virus? Some of those investment numbers that have been mentioned, I think, anticipate paying per test a fairly high number for a lot of people and a lot of tests. That's one of the areas that we are looking at. We've got a team involved in trying to sort out what kind of testing approach we're going to take, both diagnostic and antibody testing over time, as we all try to keep people safe. As you would know, there are a lot of moving parts there. There's actions from governments, federal and state. There are other players trying to sort all that out. So that's unclear to me. Setting that aside, I think the things that we've done in terms of PPE and operational processes, there's nothing extraordinary there that you wouldn't know about now that you've seen the first quarter number. As it relates to mix going forward, this is not really a new situation. The eCommerce, channel shift and merchandise mix issues have been on our minds, and we've been working towards creating a healthy mix for a futuristic business for quite some time. And you could see it in our fourth quarter numbers, what happened. And you can see it in what happened during the first quarter. When we have a strong eCommerce business in apparel and home and marketplace, it sure does help a lot. In the end, we're going to end up with an omnichannel business, and it's going to serve customers in the way that they want to be served. And we're going to figure out, and we are, as we speak and have been, what combination of choices we need to make from a supply chain point of view, where to route orders through, how much to pay people, all those variables that Brett mentioned, we've got a lot to work with to sort it out. I think job 1 for us is to stay relevant with the customer for the future and the way they want to shop. And then job 2 is to figure out how to deliver a shareholder return as we do it. And we were doing both of those things and will continue to in the future. 
So Dan, if that was the last question, did you mean I just wrap up and say thank you to everybody? Thanks giving me the nod on video conference. We do appreciate how much time and attention you all pay to Walmart, and we'll try to do a good job of communicating as we go forward and letting you can't -- letting you know what we can [indiscernible] and what is the very volatile situation. Really appreciate our associates. They've done an incredible job in the first quarter, and we all appreciate it.