Thank you, Jonathan. I'd also like to add my welcome. Thank you for joining our annual financial analyst meeting.  
Today's format is a little different than what we are used to. But to make the most of this year's medium, we'll use the time today to cover strategy, business momentum as well as our financial performance. We posted the complete deck, similar to what we've done in prior years, but rather than speak to every slide, we'll have the management team share their highlights in their areas. And we've always saved some time for Q&A at the end of our presentations.
First and most importantly, I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. It's really tragic to see the recent spate of casualties, but the progress in vaccines gives us all hope that the worst will soon be behind us. And clearly, none of us could have predicted how everything would change overnight, and the world as we know it, would change so dramatically. Digital has even more become the primary way for people to connect, work, learn and be entertained. This new reality has only increased the importance and relevance of our solutions and accelerated the tailwinds that benefit our business. This, combined with our business fundamentals, unparalleled innovation and world-class execution continues to drive our growth.
2020 was another momentous year for Adobe. And like all companies, our primary focus has been to protect the health and safety of our employees and continue to serve our customers. We took swift and decisive action to direct our employees to work from home, suspend travel and cancel in-person events. And we focused on helping our customers make their own transition to digital overnight. For example, we provisioned 30 million students with Creative Cloud so that they could create from home. We implemented the government rapid response program to assist local governments. With our Honor Heroes campaign, we galvanized our community to create artwork, honoring the true heroes: essential workers. And we set the bar high for digital events with Adobe Summit as well as Adobe MAX. In fact, Adobe MAX garnered 21 million views. We continue to harness the trillions of transactions powered by the Adobe Experience Cloud to provide a unique real-time perspective on the economy with the Adobe Digital Economy Index. And we pioneered new areas such as the content authenticity initiative, which provides attribution functionality that creators can attach to their work to create more transparency around how content has been posted and edited. 
Our leadership extends, to not only what we do but how we do it. And we're proud of the continued industry recognition that we receive. We continue to be a top riser on the Interbrand Global Best Brands of The Year for the fifth year in a row. We're consistently named one of the best places to work by both Fortune and Glassdoor. And in an area that's becoming increasingly important to you as investors, we're a leader, whether it's in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index or the Bloomberg Equality Index.  
But as a product company at our core, it is our innovation engine that I'm most proud of as we continue to fire on all cylinders. With Creative Cloud, we continue to remain the clear leader in a category that's exploding. We delivered significant product innovation that extended our applications to multiple surfaces. We added greater collaboration capabilities to all of our leading applications. And we continue to break ground in new categories while improving engagement as well as customer satisfaction. 
The Document Cloud continues to have huge demand in this digital environment, with PDF and Adobe Sign all being mission-critical across many businesses. 
We delivered more capabilities of words, as we refer to it, across desktop, web, mobile and through our frictionless PDF services. And with Experience Cloud, we continue to build out the world's most comprehensive customer experience management portfolio. And the new capabilities in the Adobe Experience platform have now been expanded to include real-time customer profiles. We delivered new services, intelligent services to further the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in organizations. We delivered new solutions like customer journey analytics, which unifies cross-channel data.  And I'm excited that we recently closed the acquisition of Workfront, which is a leading work management solution for marketers. 
On the financial side, after crossing the $10 billion mark in 2019, we haven't missed a beat. And as you can see from our targets, we expect to exceed the $15 billion mark in 2021. And we're incredibly pleased to drive both top and bottom line growth while generating cash and continuing to return to shareholders.  In fact, in 2020, we achieved $12.87 billion in revenue, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. In Q4, we surpassed $10 billion in digital media ARR, which is a significant milestone for us as a company. With the strong financial discipline that you've all been accustomed to, we continue to generate impressive cash flows from operations and generated over $5 billion in fiscal '20. And we continue to focus on earnings per share, with the earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis of $10.10, which represents 28% year-over-year growth.
I truly believe that these financial accomplishments set us apart from all other software companies, and the best is yet to come. 
Adobe's mission is to change the world through digital experiences, and it has never been more relevant as people seek new ways to communicate, learn and conduct businesses virtually. The benefits of our innovation help billions across the globe and the impact is experienced across every aspect of society. It motivates our employees to focus on having more impact and to invent the future.  
When you think about the macro trends that we all experience, every industry is experiencing a tectonic shift towards all things digital. And I believe that the events of this year have only accelerated that. The genie is not going to go back into the bottle. And even regulated industries that have traditionally been slower to embrace digital have certainly picked up the pace this year. We have industries like health care that are transforming, whether it's through personalized medicine, telehealth and new ways, frankly, to engage patients. 
On the creative side, it continues to be the golden age of design and creativity, and design continues to be a key competitive advantage because everyone at their heart is a creator. They want to express themselves across new devices with new modalities. And creativity is so essential to how we connect, how we cope and how we learn.  
Education has also been reimagined. Because digital is central to how students learn today, whether it's through remote education as well as by unlocking new forms of creative storytelling. And digital is also breaking long standard -- long-standing barriers to access to education, which is something great because it's making it more accessible. 
The way we work will never be the same again. And it's great to see how the PC has experienced a tremendous revival as the computing workhorse. Documents are at the center of how work gets done. Paper to digital transformation is only accelerating, and every business process is going digital because every business is now a digital business. Digital has become the primary way for all businesses to engage with their customers. And it's true that customer expectations are also at an all-time high because e-commerce is exploding. In fact, an annual holiday report that's powered by Adobe Analytics predicts that online holiday spending will reach $189 billion, which represents 33% year-over-year growth. And underpinning all of this is a massive shift towards artificial intelligence and machine learning, which will only further these forces at play.
At Adobe, our strategy is at the nexus of this digital revolution. And through technology, we believe we are transforming work, learn and play. We're relentlessly focused on looking around the corner, how do we drive towards the next big market opportunity to solve customer pain points and anticipate their needs. We've pioneered and we're leading 3 massive growing categories: creativity, digital documents and customer experience management. And we're relentless about expanding the customer segments we serve, adding more addressable market opportunity because we want to empower everyone, from the student to the small business owner, to the largest enterprise in the world. And I believe we win by creating path-breaking technology platforms that will lead the industry for decades. And today, work across the entire computing paradigm, from the largest clouds to the smallest devices, and are built with a service-oriented architecture that also enables us to have new monetization models.
In fact, our 3 industry-leading cloud offerings are more mission-critical than ever before across every geography and audience. With Creative Cloud, we're unleashing creativity for all, giving anyone anywhere, the tools to express their creativity. With Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, modernizing how people view, share and engage with digital documents. And with Experience Cloud, we're powering digital businesses of all sizes, giving them everything that they need to design and deliver great customer experiences. And underpinning our 3 clouds is the magic and power of Adobe Sensei, a significant differentiator for Adobe and an enabler to more rapid innovation.  
As it relates to the creative business, everywhere we look, whether it's entertainment, education or the enterprise, content is fueling the digital economy. And that's driving an explosion of creators, tools and assets that all represent tailwinds for our business. The reality is that creativity is for everyone, from the students submitting their next school assignment to the creative professional making an ad, everybody has a story to tell. And when you look at the categories, whether it's web content or mobile application, creation, imaging, video, animation, screen design, augmented reality, AR, 3D, they're all surging in this era of digital storytelling.  
Creativity is essential because more than ever before, this year has shown us the power of creativity in enabling people to express themselves, to connect and to cope. We believe that creativity is 1 of the fundamental skills in the 21st century. And as machines get faster and smarter, skills that are uniquely human like creativity will become increasingly more essential. 
Creativity is also now multiplayer, because whatever your skill level, today's creative process is becoming more intuitive and collaborative. And all creative professionals must manage these multiple work streams across increasingly remote and dispersed teams requiring seamless cloud-based-enabled collaboration and workflows that drive this productivity.  Social communities like Behance that we have and live tutorials are also providing new ways to learn and to be inspired. 
For us, Adobe Creative Cloud's vision is to be the one-stop shop, from inspiration to monetization. You'll hear from Scott later, but let me expand a little bit on our strategy. First, we want to advance every creative category, and we're a category leader in core creative categories, including photography, design, video, illustration and layout. And we're expanding our leadership in new and emerging categories, including screen design and immersive media like 3D, VR and AR. And what the strategy has enabled us to do is to acquire new creators through single app offerings and then demonstrate the benefits of the entire Creative Cloud offering over time. 
We're focused on building multi-surface systems, building solutions for every surface and system because we want to enable anybody to create wherever and whenever inspiration strikes. We truly believe that these devices are not just consumption devices anymore, but every device should also be a creation device. 
We're focused on adding collaboration services because we can ensure that content can be seamlessly managed in the cloud and accessed from any device. And what this enables us to do on the business side is to increase engagement, but also to acquire new stakeholders and expand our customer base with these new monetization opportunities.  
We want to engage and inspire the community and our vibrant communities, which are a critical driver of both acquisition and engagement are succeeding. In fact, we've grown to over 25 million members on Behance, which represents a huge opportunity for further upsell into the broader Creative Cloud ecosystem. And programs like Adobe Live enable us to provide forums for creatives and to promote active   
use and learning. We've always maintained that retention is the new growth, and that is more relevant than ever before as we've crossed $10 billion in digital media annualized recurring revenue from our current subscribers.  
At the end of the day, we're focused on democratizing creativity, enabling anyone from a student to a social media influencer, from a professional photographer, filmmaker and designer to express their creativity. And we've delivered on new applications like Photoshop and Illustrator on tablets, consumer apps like Photoshop camera and easy-to-use storytelling apps like Premiere Rush and Spark, which are all attracting new users and expanding our base. But in addition to this tremendous product innovation, we have a data-driven operating model, which is enabling our ability to capture this expansive opportunity because we have a tremendously sophisticated understanding of our customer, and we're able to serve up personalized experiences and offers at every part of this digital funnel and journey. And what this enables us to do is unlock engagement as well as provides us with new upsell opportunities.  
And when you put this all together, mapping the products and services that we are targeting across these expansive segments and adjusting for factors like non-genuine usage, the Creative Cloud total addressable market is projected to be approximately $41 billion in 2023. $20 billion of that addressable market is coming from Creative Pros, which includes Creative Cloud apps and new services like Adobe Stock. $21 billion of the addressable market opportunity is coming from the broader communicator and consumer segments, which includes products like Spark and Premiere Rush as well as the non pro users of Creative Cloud as well as Stock. And our aspiration to unleash creativity will continue to be this North Star that we will execute against for many years to come.
Among the key growth drivers that I'd like to highlight for this business include the ability to acquire new customers through category single applications for screen design, video and 3D, using mobile increasingly as a funnel through the creation of mobile IDs through mobile monetization services as well as upsell to the multi-surface systems and new services such as Adobe Stock, as well as continued global acquisition and expansion.
Turning to our second growth opportunity. It's clear and obvious that digital documents are now mission-critical empowering the modern business. And we have seen this massive acceleration as businesses all shifted to remote work overnight. The truth is that artificial intelligence and machine learning, the cloud and mobile are all redefining the notion of productivity. It's reshaping how we work, it's enabling greater flexibility, and it's requiring more collaboration across global dispersed teams. And artificial intelligence is only amplifying this productivity. We're seeing a massive adoption of paper to digital processes and workflows. And the paper-based tasks of the past are all now being moved digital. 
And the other aspect that's happening are the cloud ecosystems are driving a new business opportunity, what we call the API economy, which is revolutionizing how apps and services are both being built as well as being monetized. What drives this is the fact that PDF continues to be the lingua franca for how things happen on the Internet. We have over 2 billion mobile and desktop devices that have Reader or Acrobat installed. In fact, we have 300 billion PDFs that are opened in Document Cloud applications over the last 12 months. And so strategically, as we think about the opportunity, the first is to expand what we call our Sensei-powered Acrobat Works, and it's to enable all document actions, editing, sharing, scanning and signing. It's to unlock the value that exists in trillions of PDFs that have been created by deciphering these unstructured PDFs and making them truly responsive on mobile devices.  
In fact, one of the innovations we're particularly proud of is called Liquid Mode in the Acrobat Reader, which both deciphers and automatically reformats text, images and tables for quick navigation and consumption, and is powered by Adobe Sensei.  We think mobile fuels this new business opportunity because PDF usage has absolutely exploded across mobile devices. Making this Acrobat experience more frictionless across mobile and web is truly leveraging the ubiquitous PDF format that we have, and we're expanding both the free and paid mobile customer base.  We're also increasingly capturing the PDF demand with Acrobat Web, because what we are doing is converting the massive demand for PDF web, such as create and edit, through search through our frictionless services.  
With every business going digital, the third aspect of the strategy is to enable the paper to digital transformation through services that we have like Acrobat and Adobe Sign, but also to leverage what we deliver through the Adobe Experience platform and the Adobe Experience Manager as well as Adobe Experience Manager Forms. And we want to unleash an entirely new PDF ecosystem with Document Services, which provides APIs to third-party developers, and they will then find new and exciting ways to use PDF, and we will be able to monetize those services. 
So let me expand on just a few of these opportunities. There are about 50 million searches for PDF actions every month. And what we want to enable is through a single click, best-in-class web experience, deliver quick access to actions that the customer wants and allow them to deliver and discover a more comprehensive set of Acrobat offerings. This is similar to what we've done with the successful Reader upsell motion, which is to drive engagement around PDF, to enable people to complete their tasks, and then upsell people from the free product to Acrobat subscriptions. 
The other aspect of our document cloud strategy is to deliver a unified Document Cloud platform. This includes Acrobat, AM forms and Adobe Sign, which are central to the way work is getting done today. And we have a tremendous go-to-market advantage because of the sophistication of our data-driven operating model that gives us a really incredible understanding of our customers; how to reach them, how to serve them effectively, and we have the ability to truly optimize everything on the funnel from acquisition all the way through retention. We're continuing to expand the sign scale and reach into fast-growing new verticals with significant go-to-market partnerships, including with Microsoft, Workday, ServiceNow and Notarize. And we will continue to invest in the brand equity associated with PDF as the lingua franca of the Internet.
We're incredibly excited about the second growth pillar: the Document Cloud strategy and the broader addressable market that it represents, and we expect the addressable market to grow to $21 billion in 2023. We're benefiting from the move to subscriptions. We're benefiting from visitor acquisition. We're benefiting from mobile. And the PDF mobile opportunity itself represents approximately $11 billion of this addressable market. And on the Document Services platform, we're driving growth with electronic signatures and new embedded services, which we believe represents $10 billion in addressable opportunity.
Our third growth initiative is all about customer experience management, and we continue to believe that it represents a massive opportunity with the acceleration that we all see and digital transformation. Because the reality is that today, every business is a digital business. And the imperative for digital customer engagement has never been greater, because every business has to understand their customers and deliver personalized experiences. Because all of us as consumers, we buy experiences, not just products. 
The reality today is that customers are expecting this engaged, personalized digital experience, and we want these interactions to feel easy and efficient. They need to be well-designed, they need to be context-aware and they need to be seamless across channels and secure, and delivered at the exact microsecond at which we expect it. 
And delivering a next-generation platform to deliver and drive this experience is easier said than done, because it requires businesses to completely merge content, data and artificial intelligence to deliver this compelling, relevant, personalized experience in real time. And the truth is that companies must design for this brilliance, but wire for intelligence. 
Adobe created the digital marketing category, and we're now the leader in a much broader opportunity: the customer experience management category.  Our strategy is to deliver a comprehensive set of applications and services, grouped in solution areas such as content and commerce, customer journey management, customer data and insights. And now with the closing of our Workfront acquisition, work management; and Anil Chakravarthy will spend a little bit more time talking about our strategy.  
The second aspect is to deliver this next-generation technology platform, Adobe Experience platform, which provides the underlying infrastructure to make CXM a reality and is years ahead of anything that any competitor has provided. Because it truly brings together hundreds of data points to create this unified customer profile that companies can activate to deliver the personalized experience at scale. 
Our vision is also to deliver an industry-leading marketing system of record. With the Workfront acquisition now being closed, we have the leading work management product for marketers. And while unlike most companies, most of our growth is organic. We do use inorganic opportunities strategically. And we have an incredibly successful track record of acquiring, growing and scaling these companies. We have a long-standing set of partners in an ecosystem with work front with over 1,000 joint customers. And Workfront is already equipped with APIs for not just Experience Cloud, but also creative cloud, which represents opportunities to further leverage and deliver synergies across our businesses.
One of the key assets that we have is the ability to deliver a scale go-to-market, cutting across the entire C-suite, given the affinity that both customer CIOs and CMOs have for Adobe because all businesses are now working to rearchitect their systems around the customer, which requires this strong partnership between the Chief Marketing Officer and the Chief Information Officer. And this enables us to scale our go-to-market across the entire C-suite, which is driving higher value contracts as well as services. And we continue to have an exclusive partner ecosystem that believes in our vision and is delivering unique expertise to our joint customers. 
Our total addressable market, when we think about it for the Adobe Experience Cloud, is estimated to be approximately $85 billion in 2023. And that's comprised of customer data and insights, which continues to be a huge opportunity, because intelligence is increasingly the lifeblood of every organization. So this represents an approximately $26 billion addressable opportunity. The explosion of content and commerce, where we're the absolute leader, is driving a $44 billion opportunity. 
And customer journey management, which includes products like campaign and e-mail marketing, as well as B2B marketing and demand generation, which includes account-based marketing and lead management, is expected to be a $15 billion opportunity. As we've said before, these are large and growing categories, which are top of mind for every business.
To summarize, we believe that we have the right strategy that's being applied to an exceptional opportunity that is approximately $147 billion in 2023. We have a proven capability to both create and continuously lead these categories. We're thinking bigger about our businesses and the customers that we serve, from consumers and students to communicators and the creative professionals and the entire C-suite. We have leading products, services and platforms to unleash creativity, accelerate document productivity and to power digital businesses. Our secret sauce is the over 20,000 talented employees that we have that are all rallied around our mission and the impact that they can have. We have a revered brand all across the globe. We have world-class financial discipline that's driving both top and bottom line growth with an impressive margin. This is truly an expansive opportunity and we're well positioned to capture it. 
I certainly believe that Adobe's best days are ahead of us. We expect to cross $15 billion in revenue next year. We have a huge addressable market, industry-leading applications, services and platform, and an unparalleled innovation engine.  Let me just quickly touch on some growth drivers that we believe will continue to propel this momentum. 
On the Creative Cloud, in addition to our leading applications across every category, mobile as a funnel as well as a product monetization opportunity, is huge. Services such as Stock are becoming meaningful parts of the ARR growth. New categories like video, web services as well as 3D&I. 
On the Document Cloud side, the continued adoption of web-based PDF services, mobile-based PDF services and Acrobat subscriptions; the ability to deliver Adobe Sign to target both the small and medium business as well as the larger enterprise through both seat expansion as well as through document workflows; and on the Experience Cloud, continuing to deliver this next-generation technology platform, delivering Sensei intelligence services, the ability to leverage a partner ecosystem, and to cross and upsell in both mid-market and commercial as well as to drive new logo growth and to continue to make sure that we deliver value, drive customer success and maintain retention.  
And now what I'd like to do is to have Abhay Parasnis, both our CTO as well as somebody who has recently taken on responsibility as Chief Product Officer for Document Cloud, to talk about our technology vision. Abhay?

Sure. I'm happy to answer both questions and give you some color. First, is it related to Digital Media, I mean, we had record Q4 performance in Digital Media. $548 million in net new ARR, which is just phenomenal performance. I would say both Q3 and Q4 were very strong. And certainly, I think when you look at the back half of the year, as it relates to Digital Media, it was incredible performance. And when you look at our Q1 targets as well as when you look at the targets for the entire fiscal 2021, as you know, these are the highest targets that we have given at the beginning of the year. And so the growth drivers that we see in Digital Media just continue unabated, everything from acquiring customers, upselling them. I think we tried, therefore, to give you real color between the individual apps and the full apps. And our data-driven operating model allows us to be pretty sophisticated. And so relative even to our targets for Q4, as far as we're concerned, it was a beat, which showed the momentum that we had in the business. 
So digital media ARR, nothing. We continue to believe in the expansion of the total addressable market and really pleased with our performance. It relates to Digital Experience as well, I mean, I think the momentum -- there, what happened was clearly in Q2 and Q3, as all companies were dealing with the pandemic, what was top of mind was customer continuity and safety of the employees. As soon as that pivoted, everybody was talking about digital is the only way out of the pandemic. And so they started to look at who are the clear leaders in customer experience management. And the conversations really accelerated for us. That was the momentum. The Adobe Experience platform being a clear leader, which is why, as you look at our expectations for 2021 and what we believe will continue to be accelerating beyond that. We're pleased. And net-net, we're really excited about our 2021 targets.

Yes. And I'll start off with that. And like you said, we appreciate the leadership that Jonathan has showed in helping pull together what is hopefully the only virtual event that we do, and we can get back to more normalcy next year. 
I think as it relates to the opportunities that we have in the market and how we are thinking about it, we're certainly the market leaders and in each one of the categories that we are talking about. First, why we don't think it's a zero-sum game. We're actually continuing to be the leader in each one of those categories. So I don't know specifically how you're looking at it and feeling like we're not. But we are actually gaining market share, and we've become the true end-to-end leader, whether it's on the creative side, as it relates to the entire category of applications. Certainly, I think in digital experience, you're going to see a consolidation of where all of these solutions are done, the experience platform, what we said around customer data and insights. So we're excited about our prospects. And in each 1 of them, we continue to believe that we will be #1, and we'll continue to gain market share. So that's really the way that we look at it in terms of the expansion opportunity ahead of us.

Sure, Mark. As you know, and you've followed us for a while, we take our addressable market very seriously. And unlike some companies who just throw the kitchen sink and what they believe is their addressable market. And so let me touch a little bit on when you look at digital media and the TAM, some of the growth vectors. 
With mobile, firstly, mobile has become, we talked about the 300 million IDs that we've already created. And mobile's become a pretty impressive funnel in terms of both attracting new customers to the platform, the ways in which we are monetizing the mobile-only services, but how that also serves as an on ramp. And this was one that until we had real offerings in the mobile space and the ability to have these multi-surface. We also have storage options in terms of some of our products across multiple surfaces. So that's clearly 1 of the drivers that is continuing to grow. 
I think as the nature of our products target the communicators in addition to the creative pros and the consumers, all of these applications as well, we feel like that's another part of the addressable opportunity. Certainly, what we've seen with Stock, the business is doing really well. And this notion of a content-first authoring paradigm where people start to author the content using a piece of content, we think that, that also drives further acceleration in that particular business. The amount of stakeholders, you have seen us deliver more and more collaboration services, and the collaboration services allow us to also monetize that. 
On the document side and on the creative side, what we've targeted with respect to the web, we -- that's why I gave you some insight as to the magnitude of how much people are doing PDF searches on the web and what kind of an industry that's become. That same sort of task-based approach is certainly true in creative. That's a brand-new opportunity. And the confidence that we have in being able to convert all of that traffic and all of that acquisition funnel into monetization models gives us a lot of confidence. 
And so when you look at the services, whether it's Stock or Sign, what's happening with respect to document workflows, and I think as we said during the prepared presentation, the fact is this digital inflection point, it's only going to increase in terms of the number of people who use it. And that's why we also touched on regulated industries, which in the past may have been a little bit more slow or less enthusiastic about digital. There's no opportunity left for them. So all of that really adds up to why the TAM continues to build for us.

From my perspective, Alex, I mean, there -- definitely, it's the tailwinds that's the story of the company, and it's across all 3 businesses. I think on the creative side, this notion of more content creation and more content consumption across all of the media types is certainly driving more usage of our particular products. Global expansion, we didn't talk about that as well, but global just continues to be as digitization becomes a phenomenon, a tailwind in our business. 
I think the document side is probably going to see the biggest tailwinds as it relates to what happens. Part of the reason of making sure that we had Gloria touch on how we thought about remote work and what was happening as we think about our own business and how we think about remote work. So I see significant tailwinds in the document business, both as it relates to the usage of electronic documents as well as the automation of business workflows, and that drives Digital Experience. 
And Digital Experience, I mean, which 1 of us is now going to go back and stand in line for a driver's license or for a permit to do anything else? And so I think you're just going to see more and more. If anything, the pandemic and the health crisis, has raised the urgency. And I think John alluded to this, which is every CFO and every C-level executive that I talk to, what's top of mind right now is digital transformation. So they're all saying, okay, vaccines are on the way. Once the vaccines come, we're not going back to business as usual. And whether you're in travel or hospitality, or whether you're in some of the other industries that have unfortunately been impacted a little bit more, digital engagement is the only way around it. 
So net-net, we really don't look at our businesses and feel like there are headwinds associated with the business.  I mean they will continue to be dependent on the macroeconomic environment, which has actually continued to be fairly robust. And so we're excited about our prospects. And I think the solutions that we deliver become, frankly, more important rather than less important.

Sure. So Jennifer, I'll take the one on the single app. And as you know, you have to look at both the unit's view as well as the ARR view. And the unit's view continues to grow. But remember, that also is an area where as we ramp them to the platform, it's the single apps that's the way in which we acquire them, but we're doing a better and better job of being able to convert them into the full app. 
So I think what you have to just recognize is that the single app pricing and ARPU is a little bit lower. And so that same pie chart that we showed, that's the revenue look or the ARR look associated with it. And when you look at the units, look, clearly, it will show a different picture in terms of the higher proportion of what's happening through single apps. And so that's a model that, all the way back to creative suite, we know how to do that, attract new customers to the platform and drive that in. So that's the answer to your question around single apps and the full app model, and it's actually working for us.

So Jay, let me take both. December is not only, as you point out, the anniversary of the Macromedia acquisition in 2005. I can even have the privilege of going back and say, December was also when we did an acquisition for Go Live in 1998. That was one of my first acquisitions, and that sort of embarked us on the web journey as well, which has clearly proven to be also one of those seminal moments. 
But more seriously, I think when we look at what we've done with Workfront, we've always had and understood the technology component of what it means to deliver these services. But the amount of spend, the amount of ability to drive efficiency as it relates to the internal workflows and processes associated with it, because it's not just about the campaign itself, it's about the creation of the campaign. And we've talked about this expression content velocity for a while. And so when people want the ability to create these campaigns and personalize it and get this out in global, it's not just about the technology platform, but it's also very much about the work management associated with it, which is why we're excited about Workfront and what it does for us. I think as a company, they perhaps focused -- or defocused and spent a little bit more time on the broader opportunity. And we just think focusing on content and focusing on creation. Well, I think most people are correctly pointing to what we can do as it relates to what happens on the marketing side, the fact is that we also have a significant number of customers who use Workfront in conjunction with the Creative Cloud. And you've written about our desire to continue to integrate the creative Cloud as well as the Experience Cloud with that entire content creation, management, monetization, measurement, opportunity that we have. And I think this can be a significant accelerant to that as well. So you have seminal products, whether it was Macromedia, whether it was Day Software when we talked about content that actually created these significant opportunities for us in terms of platforms. And now tying that together, the glue, which is why, when you look at one of the slides in the deck and how Anil describes where Workfront is, it's really the glue that actually ties together all of our marketing applications. 
I think to your point, we feel like that could be a really significant enabler of increasing more people into the entire marketing campaign workflow. And in addition to that, really providing more integration capabilities across each of our solutions. 
I think to your second point associated with services, what is phenomenal about both our creative business and our document business is actually the breadth of our offering. I think this is related to some of the questions. I mean we have mobile offerings. We have services offerings. We have single app offerings. We have full offerings. We have freemium offerings. And I think, as the business scales, I understand the need from investors to say, "Hey, how can you give us color?" That's part of the reason why John was giving a little bit more color on how material the combination of Mobile and Stock and Sign have given. 
So I know we will continue to figure out how we can provide more insight. But I think it's to answer the question of the incredible momentum that we're seeing around both the Creative Cloud and the Document Cloud, what's underlying it. And there's very, very significant amount of debt associated with that entire business, which is what's fueling our business. 
And I've been reminded that it's also close to the eighth anniversary of when Scott and Behance joined us in 2012. So Scott, it's good to have you onboard as well. But thanks for the question, Jay.

Yes. Kirk, I mean, whenever I get asked questions, at least you didn't ask me the question that I can never answer, which is one of my favorite products because as products in the portfolio, we can't -- I don't distinguish between them. Maybe the ones that I would highlight is the momentum that we've seen around the Adobe Experience Manager cloud version, that has been really phenomenal. And so we've seen some really good success. As we moved, everybody is, again, thinking about content, how they improve their agility. And so I think the content and commerce, which represents a large opportunity and the fact that we've integrated how you can create a content site and then have an enabled commerce for it, whether it's in B2C or B2B, we're seeing just a tremendous demand for it because every company that didn't have the ability to transact business online was seeing a fair amount of headwinds in the pandemic. So content and commerce, I will continue to believe is one of the underpinnings of our business and continue to be a driver associated with it. 
And the second one that I'll talk about is where experience platform, a big part of it is reported within the data and insights and what we are seeing associated with now all of this data coming back and the unified profile. So I think that is really one of the areas that we've also seen significant momentum in Q3 and in Q4. People want to know how they can create that profile, how they can deliver it. So if there were 2 out of the 3, though we'd say all 3 of them are growth opportunities, I'd probably prioritize it like that, Kirk.

And big picture on that, Kirk. I mean, certainly, our expectations for the Workfront acquisition net of all the accounting things that John alluded to, that they would be accretive to the growth profile of the company in terms of where the opportunity is and what we expect to do with that business. So I just want to make sure we separate how internally we are looking at the growth and what we are driving towards as our plan relative to what will be reported, as John mentioned, on the accounting side.

Sure, Keith. So I think there were 2 questions in there. I think the first one as it relates to where we are ensuring that our Document products are being adopted, remember, the Document products get adopted both as part of the Document Cloud and what are reported in the Document Cloud ARR. But also Acrobat is a huge part of what we report within the Creative Cloud and what's happening within the Creative Cloud. So the growth that we are seeing in documents is reflected in both because, in many ways, what we see is that the adoption of PDF as a collaborative medium as well as for workflow in the creative segment is also extremely large. So think of it as really fueling 2 large growth opportunities. But certainly, I think the acceleration that we've seen in that business and the continued focus and investment that we're going to make in that business gives us a lot of confidence of being able to continuously grow the document business from our perspective. 
I think as you look at which customer segments, much like Jennifer's question as it related to ARR, the numbers associated with it versus the ARR could have potentially different answers. And certainly, I think, on the consumer side, what we are seeing with the mobile ID creation, what we are seeing in imaging maybe, which appeals primarily as a new category to the consumers, the communicators is a large space. It's always been a big part of the halo. And so the numbers are probably, in terms of new customer acquisition, largest in consumers, then in communicators, then in creative pros. But the opportunity to drive ARR continues to be across all 3 because of the different price points as well as, in many cases, the way we upsell into those particular customer segments. 
So that's the way we look at it. Again, I've done this enough where I know people want a simple N multiplied by N in order to be able to do it. But I think what actually makes us so differentiated and such a sustainable business is really the fact that we have these breadth and depth of offerings in the DDOM that we've talked to you about, where we know how to personalize each offering. 
And it's also different by geography. Maybe that's one of the things that I should mention, and it's different, for example, in education. Education had a phenomenal year, and that's seeding that next-generation of creative professionals but, in many cases, whether it's the K-12 license or a license for an entire educational institution, the ARR may be small. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color as to how we think about each of those segments. 
But the nice thing is now we have a product portfolio that cuts across all of them.

I think one of the impressive things, Ken, that Anil has done is really focus on what he calls the transformational accounts, which is in many ways, I think has -- he has taken on responsibility for the entire product as well as on the go to market. I think an analysis showed that while we were getting significant traction with the number of customers that we had, it's really this focus on transformational accounts and creating a good go to market has demonstrated that there's massive headroom associated with this with our customers. 
I think the Verizon example was a good example to articulate and show how each of our products. And the second part of that, honestly, is the fact that we are also far better at demonstrating what the ROI is. And again, Anil, I think, touched on the ROI associated with the Experience Cloud. 
So as you take the ROI as well as you take the focus that we have on these transformational accounts, you add the ability to do Workfront, we just continue to think that there's massive opportunity. That's the beachhead, but that doesn't mean in any way, shape or form that there's a limited set of transformational accounts. Rather, it's the recipe to continue to deliver value, become strategic to these customers and drive significant ARR. 
And as it relates to the breadth and depth of that customer base, again, going back to the question that I think was asked around Experience Cloud and what's driving it, the EM cloud service is not just a service that can apply to large enterprises who maybe want to create new websites as it relates to campaigns. The fact that it's easily provisioned and easily on-ramp actually makes it a very appropriate solution for what we refer to as commercial or mid-market or small and medium business customers. And integrating things like analytics into it and commerce into it with the Magento service enables us to really say, we could be a one-stop shop for getting a web presence as well as for transacting commerce on the web. So clearly, the aspirations are to enable people to have a quick and one-stop on-ramp.

Yes. Let me start. As it relates to the communicators, what I think most people don't maybe fully appreciate is what is happening on the web with respect to wanting to do certain creative tasks and being able to fulfill those tasks with what we are doing around search engine and everything associated with the actions that people want to do. They want to remove the background for a picture. They want to post it for social media. And just the communicators that we refer to are also what were perhaps referred to in the past as knowledge workers because we just fundamentally believe that every piece of printed material or presented material benefits from this more interactive, graphics-rich. 
And so what we are seeing is the ability for people to say I want a single click ability to finish my task, and then once they finish that task, expose me to all of the other riches that exist in Adobe's creative product. So I think that's a big driver of what the communicator has. We certainly see that with Spark. We see that across Lightroom as people want to share their images. But we also see it in our category-leading applications. Video is the other place, where the usage of video in virtually every piece of communication is rapidly accelerating. So hopefully, that gives you a couple of examples of where the communicator organic demand is coming from.

Well, Sterling, when we have the kind of innovation opportunity ahead of us, let me first start off by saying we've made tremendous progress. So the delivery of the Adobe Experience platform was a momentous milestone, Sterling, not just because we delivered all this new functionality, but we started to have, whether it's Adobe Campaign functionality integrated into the Experience platform to be able to do Customer Journey; whether it was the Adobe Analytics, what you referred to as the Omniture functionality and being able to get insight of all of that data. And so the progress that we've made in being able to drive all of these solutions into a common platform, it's never done. To some degree, I remember that people would ask me how much innovation do you have on the creative products, and here we are decades later. And the list of what we can do with these products dwarfs what we ever had 20 years ago. 
So as I think about the experience platform and I think about what every enterprise has to do to rewire it, I think we're in a fantastic position given the engineering efforts over the last few years to have this integrated platform that nobody else has. It runs on cloud. I think you've seen with the progress and success that we've had around Microsoft and what we've done with Microsoft on Azure, it's certainly cloud-aware. The announcement that we made with IBM with the ability for all of these to also run in a hybrid cloud, where people, whether it's for regulatory reasons or other reasons, want to run it on their private cloud network, we've made progress. And there's clearly interest on companies like VMware and IBM to partner with us on that. So I'm really confident about the architectural thing, but the way we look at it is you're constantly architecting for new architectures. You're constantly doing work in AI and ML and providing more and more insights. Some of the ways in which we've actually added tremendous value is in the reporting and the analysis and the insight that each one of these has been doing.
But the breadth and depth of our offerings, I think there's still significant headroom of what we can do because the way you have to think about it is, if we believe that with DDOM, we're one of the most mature companies in terms of having a digital funnel and how we operate that's driven our success, we're pioneers not just in delivering technology but in how we've moved it. And that movement for every company now rethinking their business process, rethinking their computer architecture, we're at such an early stage that we're going to have to keep innovating around that space. 
And so we think of it right now as an overall growth opportunity. We have made, as you saw, the strategic decisions around how we think about margin in that particular business. And so we will continue to see margins expand in that business. But I think what you should be most excited about as an investor is the fact that we're investing in this immense opportunity and extending our lead. And so I think that's the way we think about it. 
You look at the overall margins of the company, again, and I think John alluded to this, despite investing in Workfront, despite investing in sales capacity, despite saying that we will accelerate growth, we're showing you margin expansion for the entire company. 
So we know how to do this, which just drive top line growth and bottom line growth at an impressive margin. So that's how, at least, I think about it.

Well, I think what you should see and what you will expect is, first and foremost, the pie expanding. And as it relates to the total addressable market, the main thing that you have to think about is this is market expansion. We're growing the value associated with our customers. I think it's steady state at some point in the prior business, which may be a predictor, it was closer to 50-50. But the thing that, again, I would reemphasize is that a lot of that is we drive into individual and then convert into the entire offering. And so that's it.
And so big picture, I would focus more on the growth of the pie. The exact mix between those 2, we look at both of them and feel like they're growing really well. And I'm happy to answer your second question as well, Stan.

Well, what we were trying to do was give you more insight and color into how we were running the different businesses, and I think that's a key part of it. I think the print business, which was, as a lot of you know, the genesis of the company. It's a business that continues to do well, but it wasn't a growth category as much as a high profitability category. We talked about in the advertising cloud, getting out of a lot of the transaction-based revenue that we were seeing. And the 
[Audio Gap] 
investor should take is 
[Audio Gap] 
pure play, what is being reported as part of the Digital Experience segment, that there's a clear alignment between what you see on bookings and what you see on revenue. 
As you've seen, the consulting services has been proactively driven down as a percentage of the revenue as we have a thriving ecosystem. I think the advertising cloud will not be a growth opportunity for us. There are some strategic partners who like the fact that we can continue to deliver it. But I would take that as a signal. We're really focused on the large growth opportunities where we have a differentiated solution, and it's purely subscription-based revenue because that's in alignment with how we think about the largest opportunities. And so we're focused as a company on making sure that we do it. 
I'm actually really pleased with how we transitioned that and how we communicate it to customers. And so this focus on the software-as-a-service component of all of our businesses, we believe that, that drives top line growth. We believe that, that drives margin, and we believe that, that's consistent with where we want to be as a company. 
And given that was the last question, I want to, again, first and foremost, thank you all for joining us today in what was this virtual format. I really hope you share the passion that we feel for the mission, the tremendous market opportunity ahead of us. The depth that we have in our technology platforms and really the significant customer value that we're delivering and providing. 
We really believe that the global brand, the customer base that we have, the ubiquity of our software and the dedicated employees provides a real competitive advantage that, frankly, is the envy of the industry. From my perspective, 2020 was an amazing year. We expect the momentum to continue in 2021 and beyond. And I certainly believe that our best years are ahead of us. 
As a number of you said, let me also wish you all a healthy, safe holiday season, and we really look forward to continuing to share the momentum and the story that we have in the new year. So thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Jonathan.