Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. FY 2018 is off to a strong start for Adobe as we continue to successfully execute against our strategy. In Q1, we delivered record revenue of $2.08 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share in Q1 was $1.17, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.55.
Our strategy to empower people to create and transform how businesses compete is working. Our relentless focus on delivering innovation to our customers is continuing to drive our outstanding performance. Across the globe, individuals and companies now recognize that great experiences have become the basis of differentiation in an increasingly competitive and complex world. With the world's best digital media and digital experience cloud-based solutions, Adobe has become the go-to company for helping customers develop and deliver transformative digital experiences.
In our Digital Media business, we achieved strong growth in both Creative revenue and Document Cloud revenue for Q1, achieving net new annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, growth of $336 million. We exited Q1 with Creative ARR of $5.07 billion, marking the first time Creative ARR has surpassed $5 billion.
Across our individual, team and enterprise offerings, we continue to acquire new subscribers through Creative Cloud Single App and all App offerings. We focus on retention by driving customer engagement through products, services and community. In addition to strength in our major geographies, emerging markets such as Korea, China and Southeast Asia are beginning to contribute to subscriber growth.
Creative Cloud remains the gold standard for creativity and design. We deliver ongoing value to our subscribers through major feature enhancements in our existing flagship applications across desktop and mobile devices. In addition, we're attracting a broader set of consumers and creative professionals through innovative new applications like Adobe Character Animator, Spark, Lightroom CC, Dimension and XD.
Adobe XD is an innovative new app for designing experiences across multiple screens. In addition to graphic, mobile and website designers, product managers are adopting this all-in-one solution that combines design, prototyping and collaboration capabilities. We recently delivered workflow enhancements, tighter integration with Photoshop and deeper support for new modalities such as pen and touch. Major companies including Wipro have standardized on XD as their core design product.
Video continues to be an explosive category, and our editing and production products, including Adobe Premiere Pro and After Effects, continue to gain momentum among large production houses as well as independent filmmakers. More than half of the films at the recent Sundance Film Festival were edited with Premiere Pro as were the majority of virtual reality projects.
Adobe Spark makes it easy for everyday communicators to transform their ideas into beautiful visual stories that make an impact with graphics, videos and web pages. Starting next month, Adobe Spark Premium will be accessible to every student globally, and we're already beginning to see strong adoption across school districts in areas like Anaheim in California, Roanoke in Virginia, Burnsville in Minnesota and Deer Park in Texas.
In addition to the world's best desktop and mobile tools, we continue to focus on community and services to provide inspiration and accelerate the creative process. Adobe Stock now has a library of more than 80 million images, videos and creative assets. Last month, we announced a partnership with the Pantone Color Institute to curate a collection of Adobe Stock Premium images inspired by the top colors in fashion as well as a gallery of Adobe Stock images that captures the essence of Pantone's always highly anticipated Color of the Year. It's Pantone 18-3838 Ultra Violet, for those of you who are curious. Adobe Stock achieved record revenue in the quarter with greater than 20% year-over-year growth.
Adobe Document Cloud is the world's leading digital document service, enabling individuals and businesses to automate inefficient paper-based processes. Acrobat performance across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud was particularly strong in Q1. Document Cloud subscriptions and Acrobat perpetual licensing drove 18% year-over-year revenue growth and $33 million in net new ARR.
As worldwide PDF adoption continues, we're focused on delivering new services, including Adobe Scan and Adobe Sign. Adobe Scan, our mobile PDF application that leverages Adobe Sensei to capture and create intelligent PDFs, has been downloaded more than 7 million times. Adobe Sign is now the preferred e-signature solution in Office 365, and we closed our first set of joint customers in the quarter.
Digital transformation and the ability to deliver immersive, intelligent and impactful customer experiences is a strategic imperative for businesses and governments worldwide. To drive customer engagement and growth, you need to be an experience business, and the Adobe Experience Cloud is the industry's most complete and integrated offering.
We achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $554 million in Q1 and strong bookings across Adobe Marketing Cloud, Adobe Analytics Cloud and Adobe Advertising Cloud. Key customer deals included Braun, City National Bank, Expedia, Ford, the NFL, Rakuten, Samsung and T. Rowe Price.
In Q1, Adobe was once again recognized as a leader by industry analyst firms, achieving top scores among evaluated vendors in The Forrester Wave: Enterprise Marketing Software Suites and The Forrester Wave: Cross-Channel Campaign Management reports. Adobe was positioned as a major player in IDC's Marketscape Worldwide AI in Enterprise Marketing Clouds Vendor Assessment, with Adobe Sensei ranking highest in capabilities. In the competitive category of digital experiences, Adobe was recognized as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms.
We're in a world where businesses are challenged to reach, engage and influence their customers across multiple digital touch points and new interfaces including voice, augmented reality and virtual reality. Our goal is to be a mission-critical partner to governments and enterprises as they undergo this essential digital transformation. Our success is a result of our comprehensive offering, our deep investment in technology and a rich ecosystem of partners.
In 2 weeks, we'll be hosting Summit, our annual digital experience conference that brings together the world's biggest brands, agencies, consulting firms and media companies. Leaders from Coca-Cola, the NFL, Mercedes-Benz, Tourism Australia, Marriott and more will share how they're tackling digital transformation and capitalizing on new opportunities in the experience era. We plan to unveil a spectrum of new Experience Cloud capabilities including new Sensei-powered features that will use new algorithms to simplify complex tasks.
We've long recognized that our Experience Cloud customers need more than just innovative products. They need a partner who can help them navigate the many challenges involved in digital transformation. Adobe has always prided itself on being that trusted partner. And at Summit, we will introduce a broad spectrum of programs that champion and enable our customers.
We've made great strides in delivering new magic through Adobe Sensei, our artificial intelligence and machine learning framework across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Last month, we were recognized by Fast Company as one of the most innovative companies in artificial intelligence.
We're keenly aware that our continued growth as a company is made possible by an innovative and exceptional team of employees around the world. We were recently recognized by Fortune as one of the world's most admired software companies. Fortune also named Adobe one of its 100 Best Companies to Work For, the 18th year we've been honored with that designation.
Adobe continues to have the right strategy, products and people in place to drive future growth. And we're fortunate to go to market with the industry's best partners and serve the world's most innovative customers across all industries and geographies. 2018 is off to an outstanding start, and we look forward to building on this momentum. Mark?

Thanks, Adam. As it relates to digital transformation and what's happening in the Digital Experience business, it actually feels like the spending environment for digital within enterprises remains unaffected by what you're referring to as marketing spend. And the reason for that is that everybody is trying to engage with their customers digitally across touch points. And as you know, our offering, which is the most comprehensive, actually has everything to do with not just the advertising spend aspect of marketing but also the delivery of the content, the multichannel campaign communication, the audience segmentation. And to give you maybe a little bit more color on that, Adam, it's really about the themes that we hear about are, first, every business is trying to do customer segmentation, every business is trying to do -- ensuring that they can personalize the experience they're delivering for their customers and running the business, frankly, by looking at real-time metrics, which correspond clearly to our Audience Manager product, our Analytics product and our Campaign product. So it feels like long term, the digital media spend is only going to increase. People are going to ask for more attribution associated with it. And so it feels really strong. We had a strong revenue as well as a bookings quarter. The last thing I might say in that is if you look at the underlying business, I think we said in the prepared remarks that the revenue actually grew greater than 20%. And that's as a result of us focusing a lot more on subscription bookings and subscription revenue rather than focusing on services because we have an incredibly large ecosystem of partners. So it feels really good, and we expect the momentum to continue.

Ross, with respect to your first question and environment within the enterprise, we have talked about, during the first time we transitioned enterprise customers from buying the perpetual product to buying the cloud product that we had, in effect, mirrored the various solutions that we had as part of Creative Suite. As we are now increasingly renewing them, we have been doing, I think, a great job of evangelizing the entire suite of products. So the first thing we see as it relates to ARPU increases is people moving from a subset of products to using the entire suite of products. The other thing that we've been doing with enterprises is continuing to reflect the benefits of adopting Adobe Stock so that they can have access to all of those great content as an on-ramp to accelerate the creativity process as well as things like Creative Libraries, which enables an enterprise to globally ensure that they're using the same fonts and colors and assets to ensure consistency and improve what we call as content velocity. And so I think the need from enterprises to really standardize across all of our products and with content management and asset management now becoming an increasingly important thing, it's really great to see both the ARPU increase and the increased adoption of our Creative products within enterprises. And that's certainly contributing to the strength in ARR that you saw.

And the last thing I'd maybe add to that, Ross, is we don't think there was an impact associated with the impending price as it related to Q1 results. And so when we look at our Q1 results across geographies, it wasn't as if there was an impact of that in Q1.

Sure, Jennifer. I mean, I think what we are seeing in those emerging markets is actually a phase shift in what we've seen in the other major geographies that we have, which is people love the new innovation that we're providing. People love the comprehensive nature of what we've delivered with Creative Cloud. People who are casual pirates are now finding that the affordability of the upfront price allows them to actually be legitimate customers of Creative Cloud. And I think the one difference that we have for the first time is in those markets, we're able to offer differential pricing and not feel like the differential pricing will cause people to take the product, put it in a box and resell it in the United States. And so I think we've 
[Audio Gap]

And Brent, we'll continue to be very diligent about the opportunities. There are still tremendous opportunities ahead of us. I think our investment in deep technology, you'll see some of the benefits of that at Summit, and with AI and us being continued to recognize in terms of what we are doing with AI, expect to see continued investments in that space. And so we have large opportunities, and we're going to continue to focus on driving aggressive growth.

Yes. Again, I would look at the success that we had and what we have seen in the past is maybe a little bit a falloff from Q4 to Q1. And the momentum actually continued, which I think just reflects interest in the Creative products. It continues to be across the board. Clearly, a lot of the new customer acquisition we are seeing is as a result of Single App adoption, and we're doing an effective job of completing them to use the entire suite. So I would say it was the new customer adoption that drove more of the ARR than the ARPU. We're doing a good job, however, of engagement, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, and as people are coming to their annual cycle or re-upping. And I think as it relates to the specific products, the usual suspects continue to show a lot of strength. Imaging continues to be strong. One interesting thing, we introduced a mobile offering of our product. We're seeing now mobile offering being adopted, and so we're starting to monetize that. We're monetizing Spark, and Stock continues to feel good. And last but certainly not least, as we have said, Acrobat and the strength of Acrobat, both as it relates to what we are seeing on subscriptions across Creative and Document Cloud as well as licensing, and the licensing tends to be primarily customers who are already using Acrobat and are adding more seats as a result of the strength of their businesses, that was also really encouraging. And all of the Acrobat that's being used as perpetual, that continues to be an opportunity for us down the road to move to subscription. So I feel strong all around.

Without a doubt. I mean, when people come, and whether it's a company like Reliance Telecommunications (sic) [ Reliance Communications ] in India or Loblaw visited us from Canada or Tourism Australia or Mastercard, what they're asking us is you guys have transitioned your business to be more direct. Tell us how you are moving from data collection to insight to automation and whether it's in analytics and what we do with anomaly detection, or whether it's in personalization, what we do with recommendations based on data or media attribution in the marketing side. They are clearly expecting, and we're delivering on this automated nature of what AI can bring to it. Hopefully, you're going to be at Summit, and we'll share a little bit more about it. The deep investment that we've also made in our data platform and how you can actually start to get this unified view of a customer, I think a lot of people are finding that very impressive in terms of what that can do for their businesses. So the investment is clearly being recognized and adding value.

Jay, as it relates to the Digital Experience business, I think we've always said that with existing customers who adopted one solution, the strategy has been to continuously demonstrate how the integration of our newer solutions can add more value. I think in the prepared remarks, we talked about how some of the emerging solutions showed strength, whether it's Audience Manager, which is being used for customer segmentation and definition. And so that's clearly the -- how we continue to grow existing accounts as well as increased usage of our products. And with new accounts, it tends to be a little bit more of adoption of the entire platform that's driving it. So I would say the earlier cohorts, because they had originally adopted 1 or 2 solutions because that's what the portfolio had, that cohort we focus more on upsells. And the newer cohorts, we are focusing more on the entire story in the platform.

Well, Walter, I think with the acquisition of Tube, we became the most comprehensive offering already in the market and adding the ability to do linear, nonlinear and adding TV to the mix of search, social, display really was good. So we feel good about our opportunity there, and it's unlikely that there's anything large that's going to change. We like what we have organically, Walter.

Well, Kash, you're right about the fact that we look at it as not just a migration opportunity but a very significant new opportunity as it relates to the importance of creativity, everything from K-12, which is why we try to give examples of how Spark is used there. This -- it was never really a migration story. And as people like you have recognized, that it's been a hugely expansive story in terms of attracting new customers. And what we try and do, and that's probably more appropriate at our analyst call, is to continue to show how big the TAM is when we talk about the $20 billion TAM and the number of users and the different offerings that we have. And so within the company, we're just focused on how do we keep adding more subscribers, the migration is not the first, second or third thing we talk about. We talk about acquisition. We talk about engagement. And our product like XD, every product manager in the world should be using it. When we talk about everyone has a story to tell, and the media types that they are using to tell that story and the devices that they are using to tell that story on and the modalities that they're using to create that story, it has never been more exciting in terms of what we can do for content creation. And I think our teams are doing an incredible job at innovating. So it's clearly a multiple of what we considered at the peak of the Creative Suite. And it really should be -- I'd love to see every single student in K-12 as part of every history project use our Creative Suite to tell -- Creative Cloud to tell the story.

With artificial intelligence, we're going to make that happen right now, Kash.

Maybe I'll start off, and then Mark can certainly add. When we talk about ecosystem of partners, the ecosystem of partners is really in 3 categories. I mean, we have an incredible set of what you would have considered the traditional SI partners, the Accentures, the Deloittes of the world who have practices built around digital transformation, who are out there not just implementing our solutions but also certainly co-selling and helping sell our solutions. We have the media agencies as the media agencies are moving their business to include a technology and strategy component for digital transformation. The WPPs, the Publicises of the world have become incredibly great partners in that. And then you have the traditional ISVs and the partnership with Microsoft allows us to jointly go to market with a very integrated offering across what they are doing with dynamics and Power BI and Azure, and what we are doing with Analytics Cloud, Marketing Cloud and Advertising Cloud. When the business was starting, we had a consulting organization that enabled people to implement this. I think a lot of the implementation and the running, we have a great ecosystem of partners, and so that results in us not requiring as many consulting resources. And we've shifted our focus there to be more architectural services so that we can ensure that people are getting the best value out of our products. And so that reflects itself in terms of when we use those services as part of COGS instead of that being there, and that's why it's more a traditional software sale, which, in your words, would result in better margins. So that's how we tend to think of what's happening in the environment and why we feel well served by both the super global partners as well as some regional partners.

You're referring to the Digital Experience side in terms of single solutions and multiple? I think Brad, at the last analyst call, gave you some update about how we are moving in terms of the top 100 customers and the significant improvement in revenue associated with each of those customers. But as we continue to offer more integration between our products as they continue to grow their own businesses and the transactions cost, they're significant. I would go back to our big picture of how when we think about digital experience, it's a $60-plus billion opportunity. And while we are doing well, there still is a significant amount of headroom in that business.

Well, I think the use of both PDF and Adobe Sign to automate paper-based processes across a variety of industries is certainly one of the places that we are seeing it. But I would also point back to mobile and the adoption of PDF on mobile and what's happening there and the ability for that. We've also done a really incredible job, I think, as a team of leveraging Reader. And so the fact that we have Reader distributed and when you get one of these documents that has an embedded, whether it's a spreadsheet or something else in it and you want to edit it, the ability for people to now edit PDFs and to use it as an on-ramp as part of their creative process, that's also helping out. So I think there are 3 or 4 horizontal use cases. And as it relates to vertical industries, anybody who's trying to automate paper-based processes and regulated industries like government, financial services, tends to be at the forefront of that. They're certainly seeing the benefits not just of moving to PDF but also the benefits of using Adobe Sign.

I'd point back to what happened when the cloud first came out. When the cloud first came on the horizon, I think a lot of people appropriately talked about what that meant for security. And I think a number of cloud vendors clearly pointed out that the ability for people to update that would actually make systems more secure, which is something that I think most people would look at. I think as people are collecting data, the emphasis and importance of data and privacy continue to be front and center, but I don't think it changes the fundamental trajectory associated with people wanting to have all of this in the cloud. We just have to make sure that we use it as a tailwind against the competition and step up, like we have done when we collect customer data to enable our customers to do that as well. And so we'll be ready for GDPR when it comes, but it's not going to change this fundamental move where things are going to move in the cloud, and digital is going to be the way in which enterprises transact with consumers.

We've announced a couple of partnerships there, Derrick, with midmarket providers in order to do it. I would say our focus is really more on the larger enterprises right now. That's not to say that we do not partner with regional media agencies and/or SIs. They tend to have, in many countries, very strong relationships with enterprises. So our partner ecosystem is open to all. But in terms of taking our own solutions and focusing them down market as opposed to focusing our solutions on what we think the largest opportunity is, we're focused a lot more on the large enterprise opportunity. Since that was the last question, what Mark, Mike and I do is when we're going through our preparation, we try and make sure we address some of the things that may be top of mind. And one of the questions that actually didn't come up was the fact that we haven't updated our annual guidance, and we wanted to sort of proactively ensure that we address that and say we really don't want to get into updating annual targets across revenue and balance sheet every quarter. I think for those of you as you think about how this plays out, the Q1 performance as well as the Q2 targets, I think, are clear indicators of the strength of the business. And the one thing we might have you continue to focus on is our original second half growth of 20% on revenue as you think about how you want to be prudent about your models. But having said that, we had an outstanding quarter. The strategy of empowering people to create and helping businesses transform just represent large addressable markets, and we see significant tailwinds. I'm pleased with the relentless execution. And it just continues to hopefully demonstrate to you that we're a unique company that's able to drive both top line and bottom line growth with significant operating margins. We will continue to invest in driving innovation through long-term technology investments in both Digital Media and Digital Marketing, and we're really pleased with how Sensei has continued to be a differentiator. Look forward to those of you who will be able to join us at Summit, and thank you again for joining us today.