Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Before I discuss our Q1 results, I want to acknowledge the horrifying and heartbreaking crisis in Ukraine. The pain and suffering of millions of innocent civilians is incredibly tragic, and our thoughts and prayers are with the Ukrainian people. Adobe joins the global community in taking a stand by stopping all new sales of our products and services in Russia. The Adobe Foundation has made grants to aid humanitarian relief efforts. 
I'm proud of how our teams have come together and continue to successfully manage our business throughout the most challenging of times while focusing on delighting customers and the long-term growth initiatives for the company. Adobe has always had a strong purpose-driven culture, and that has never been more evident than it is today.
Adobe's mission to change the world through digital experiences is more critical than ever before. Everywhere we look, whether it is in entertainment, education or the enterprise, content is fueling the global economy. The democratization of creativity, emergence of new ways to work and learn from anywhere and the business mandate for personalized customer experiences underscore the immense opportunities we have as a company. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. Our innovation engine is delivering category-leading products, services and platforms across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. 
Adobe had a strong Q1. We achieved a record $4.26 billion in revenue, representing 17% year-over-year growth on an adjusted basis. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter were $2.66, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.37.
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, achieving $3.11 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $418 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $12.57 billion. In our Experience Cloud business, we built on our Q4 momentum, achieving $1.06 billion in revenue, and subscription revenue was $932 million for the quarter.
I'm pleased to have David Wadhwani, President, Digital Media; and Anil Chakravarthy, President, Digital Experience, on this call to share more about our momentum in the Digital Media and Digital Experience businesses, respectively. David?

Thanks, Dan. This is a transformative time at Adobe. We're engaging with hundreds of millions of customers globally, from individuals to the largest enterprises, launching new applications for new audiences and bringing our flagship category applications to new surfaces and platforms while increasing collaboration capabilities across our solutions.
Adobe has a winning strategy applied to an exceptional opportunity. We're a leader in the digital economy with Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, which combined have a total addressable market of $205 billion. Few companies can consistently deliver technology innovation, successful transformation across new categories and business models and a broad ever-growing base of customers and partners.
I'd like to thank our 26,000 employees for their continued dedication and unwavering focus on delivering customer innovation and inventing the future of digital experiences.
Thank you. We will now take questions. Operator?

So Brent, as it relates to what we have seen first in terms of the macroeconomic situation, we actually continue to see strength. We were pleased with the strong Q1. Certainly, I think the last few weeks of the quarter, you saw some impact in Europe, specifically as it related to what happened in terms of the terrible situation in Ukraine. But I think we continue to see growth around the world.
I think on the first one, as you know, and then I'll have David also add some color, the last major comprehensive overall that we had for our pricing was in 2017. And you've seen since then the number of different initiatives that we have and offerings that we've introduced, whether it was the 3D offerings, what we've done on the web, what we've done in mobile, what we've done around Creative Cloud Express. So I think it was time to take a very comprehensive look, which David has done. And I think directionally, what I would say is that we want to continue to attract hundreds of millions to the platform, but we also want to get value for the tremendous innovation that we've provided. 
David, maybe you can add a little bit more.

Sure, Alex. There were multiple questions in that. So let me -- maybe first, to your point, which I agree with, when you think about the rhythm of the business and maybe the seasonal cadence, clearly, that's been impacted by whether it's the external events as it relates to the pandemic or more recently the war in Ukraine. But big picture, as we look at what's happening in terms of customer adoption, what's happening in terms of the excitement, there's no question that digital is a tailwind and will continue to be a tailwind.
And our perspective is that what happened was the pandemic actually put a spotlight on the importance of everything we're doing, whether it's customer engagement, whether it's content or document productivity. And so as you think about what happens seasonally, certainly, I think we would continue to see strength in Q3 and Q4. Dan referred to that in terms of the second half momentum that we would see. But even Q1, we had a strong start. So from our perspective, some of the seasonal cadence might have changed, but the secular trends in terms of up and to the right, we actually don't see any impact associated with it.
I think your second question is related to what happens specifically on Russia and Belarus and Ukraine. Since the Digital Media ARR, the book of business, we made the decision to reduce it. And so I think what you'll see on the data sheet is what our exiting Q1 ARR is and then another number which just takes out all of the existing book of business for those 3 countries. You see the impact on revenue certainly in Q2, Q3 and Q4 because what it means is the revenue that we would have been able to collect. But again, in the grand scheme of things, as you can see, it's fairly small as it relates to the business.
So I think our targets, $440 million specifically, as you said, yes, it's impacted by the ARR business in those countries. But overall, business is strong and we feel optimistic. I think in many ways, the message really is that the new growth initiatives that both Dan and David talked to, they're starting to really show traction. And so we expect to see strength in the second half of the year and certainly beyond that.

Yes. Sterling, I mean, I think color-wise, it's really still early in the year, but I feel great about the way we've been navigating all of the external issues that have come. And it was a strong Q1. As we prepared for this call, we felt it was important to share with you the impact that we know of things, whether it's the revenue or ARR for Russia, what's happening on EPS as it relates to the tax rate as well as to provide some more of the growth drivers.
But I net it out by saying while we are not updating the annual targets, as you pointed out, we're really optimistic on the significant number of growth drivers that we have. And we'll share more throughout the year because we still are all navigating what is a considerably unpredictable situation. Our strong Q1, however, and the things that we control, we feel excellent about.

Yes. Jay, when I think about the transformative things that we've done in the company, certainly the move to subscriptions, the entrance into digital marketing, what we've done with data-driven operating model to drive the sort of financial cadence of the business, they absolutely bubble to the top. But I would say those actually dwarf in comparison to the excitement that I feel about what product-led growth can continue to do. 
When you have hundreds of millions or billions of people using your software, a good example of what we've done is the constant innovation that we're delivering on the Document Cloud side. And I think David referred to some of the statistics, whether it's sort of doubling what we see with web traffic and really being aware of the intent-based approach that people want when they come on the web to accomplish document actions, what we are doing in mobile and doubling it. And I think product-led growth just relates to ensuring that all of our product teams have information at their fingertips as to how people are really using it so that we can rapidly iterate in terms of what customers want and delight them.
And I think on the Creative Cloud, to add to what David said to Saket as well, what that means with Creative Cloud Express is as you have these millions of users, we're constantly understanding where the search traffic is, how do you improve it. And it's just a new way of liberating all of the product-led -- product teams to focus on what's truly important and truly needle-moving as far as customer interest and customer sentiment. And it's something that David has pioneered. So I'll have David add a little bit more. But I think the impact on how we serve customers, the NPS and being able to continue to recruit and retain is significant.

Maybe one last thing before Dan comments. I think both Dan and David talked about retention and engagement during the quarter. And to give you a little bit more, Jay, color in terms of that, we look at churn rates. We look at reseller renewal. We look at 90-day cohort retentions. And in all of those, I think as a result of the activity that we're doing on the product teams to help improve, we're seeing improvement and getting to rates on all 3 of those that are better than they've ever been even prior to the pandemic. So I think that's, again, another example of what gives us confidence in our offerings and our innovation going forward.

Sure. So Keith, maybe I'll answer the last question first and then talk about it, which is, as we were entering the year and what we talked at the FA meeting, if you actually -- I think we also got a couple of questions as it relates to what we were going to do on pricing, and we alluded to the fact that we're constantly looking at it. 
And so while it was something that we were working on, we actually just pretty recently finished the entire effort. So we didn't have it finalized, but we always thought that it was timed with the new offerings to actually look at the pricing structure as well. And so the definite amount and the materiality of that, we will know as we go through the process. But directionally, we knew that we were going to be looking at pricing more exhaustively. 
I think in terms of the clarification of what we saw, when the war broke out for the last couple of weeks, that impact was not just felt in Russia and Belarus and Ukraine. You see a little bit of that traffic across the region. So that's really all I was alluding to. And we saw strength, and that strength continued in the U.S. right through the quarter. And so not unsurprisingly, we saw a little impact. So that's all I was referring to as it related to the European situation. 
And did you have a third question, Keith?

So I think philosophically, the way we are looking at it, I'll repeat what I said earlier, which is we haven't done a comprehensive look at that in multiple years. And directionally, I think the significant value that we've added has to do with people, whether you're in businesses or whether you're a user of the entire apps. I mean we continue to add new apps to the -- what's called the CC All Apps platform. And directionally, we're just saying that is the area where we have to look at all of the increased value that we have.
This is not driven in any way, shape or form by any competitive response. So let me be categorical about that. This is raised by -- we continue to attract billions of people to the platform in terms of the interest. And with all of the new offerings that we have, again as David said, across web, across mobile, across the browsers, we just want to make sure that as we continue to expand the offerings, we're looking at the pricing in a good way. So the value that we've added to whether you're in Teams with collaboration or whether you're businesses continues to be a motivator for us to look at the prices as well on all the new apps that we've added. So hopefully, that gives you color. 
Let me also back up and say this is, for us, all really about customers and delighting customers. But because we had an earnings call, we said as this gets rolled out, we at least want to give you some heads up because otherwise, some of you would say, why didn't you at least allude to it? As David said, this doesn't have an impact in Q2 really. It's a pretty small impact. But that was the rationale and thinking associated with it. And we will certainly roll this out with customers first, and then we will share with you more of what the impact is. But that's the way we look at how we move the business going forward.

I'll answer the first -- the third one first, Keith, as Dan does, which is if you look at the growth, the unit growth is being driven by single apps, which is new subscribers and driving to it. So that trend, in terms of continuing to drive single unit, is definitely part of how we think about it. 
I'll answer maybe one part of also how you have to think about it, which is when you think about Russia and Belarus, we have the ARR, which is the book of business, but there's no way to really get payments. And with all of the sanctions that's there, what we have factored is that book of business, because we are not going to be getting payments from Russia, that is the impact that Dan alluded to, which is the $75 million for the rest of the year. So in addition to seizing new payment -- in addition to stopping new sales, what you have to realize is for a service that exists as a SaaS-based service, you're unable to collect payments. And so we've reflected that impact as well in the particular geographies.

Thanks, Kash. I mean to net it out, I definitely feel more positive about business moving forward than I ever have because just if you take a step back and look at all of -- first look at Q1, we had a strong Q1. We clearly beat our targets in what is perhaps the most unpredictable situations that exist in the world. So we feel really good about Q1. We feel really good about the new initiatives that -- both in Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and in Experience Cloud that David and Anil spoke to. 
I did allude to the fact that when you think about the seasonal cadence and the rhythm of the business, certainly, some of that's impacted. And perhaps the thing that you're alluding to, Kash, was in Q2 of last year, there was sort of a catch-up as "small and medium businesses" came on -- come back online. And so you have to just factor what that is in. But both in terms of the revenue growth in DME for Q3 and Q4 as it relates to getting more similar to Q1 as well as the ARR, we're optimistic about the second half. 
The only reason we didn't talk about Q2 is because we actually gave specific guidance and targets for Q2. So don't take that as anything as opposed to we've given you targets for Q2 and we are trying to give you color on what happens in Q3 and Q4. So hopefully, that helps, Kash. 
And on the DX side, since there have been fewer questions on the DX side, I mean, what we have done, Summit was really exciting, the amount of new announcements that we've done there. Every person that I talked to in the C-suite continues to want to really focus on digital transformation and customer experience management. I'm excited. I'm back on the road again. It feels great. We have employees back in the office and facilities. People want to meet, and digital engagement is top of mind. 
So across all 3 of our businesses, we didn't talk about the document business. $100 million in ARR for the quarter, $2 billion book of business, really good adoption of our new functionality, whether it's on the web as well as a unifying sign with Acrobat, which was a big movement that we're trying to do. So I think all of those are positive. 
I think the one impact that, again, maybe Dan can just touch on is certainly, it doesn't impact our core business. But the EPS, you just have to factor some of the revenue and other considerations that happened. But for the functional part of the business, I feel really good.

Kash, at the FA meeting, we talked about what the overall addressable market opportunity is. But I really feel like we can get billions of users to use our product. And then they will be the spectrum of people who will be paying us on a subscription business as well as others who will perhaps take advantage of some of the freemium offerings that we have. 
We are starting to see that kind of adoption with the Document Cloud certainly, right, where you have 0.5 billion people who've used our -- a Reader and other products. But I think in terms of Creative Cloud Express, my hope and my aspiration is that every single person who has a story to tell uses some part of the Creative Cloud Express. We're off to a great start there, Kash. 
I think on the differentiation, as David said, we have the platform. We have every single piece of technology that we need to deliver a great compelling experience. And now we're also world-class at making sure that we capture search-based intent. So we want to anticipate what people want to do with Creative, but I would be disappointed if that doesn't just continue to be a huge growth area in terms of new users to our platform.

And since that was the last question, I wanted to, again, thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased with the performance. We think we had a really strong start to the fiscal year across all 3 of our businesses: the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud.
And more than that, I think our ability to continue to delight customers and deliver on the innovative road map gives us a lot of confidence associated with the new initiatives taking stock and contributing to the future growth at Adobe. The spotlight, I believe, on digital will just continue. And as we get back to more normalcy, I think that will only all go well for both Adobe and our customers. And the successful Summit that we just organized, I think, is another indicator of the interest that exists in our solutions. 
So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing more as we go through the year. Thank you.