Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. We delivered another record quarter in Q1, achieving $3.09 billion in revenue, representing 19% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $1.96, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.27.
Our strategy of unleashing creativity for all, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses continues to drive strong top and bottom line performance. Adobe's unique advantage of enabling everyone from students to creative professionals to small businesses and large enterprises to create and deliver exceptional digital experiences is enabling our customers' success and fueling our business momentum. With Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, we're growing across all geographies and industries and appealing to a broader set of customers than ever before.
In our Digital Media business, we achieved record revenue in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q1. Net new digital media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $400 million and total digital media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $8.73 billion. Q1 creative revenue was $1.82 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth.
The desire to create rich and expressive experiences is universal. Adobe is giving everyone, including newer customer segments like business communicators and social media creators, the inspiration and tools to tell their story. We're proud of the impact our flagship digital imaging solutions have had in shaping culture and creative expression. This year, Photoshop turns 30 years old. Photoshop has helped push the limits of creativity across a broad range of creative disciplines from photography to graphic design. It is truly the heart of the creative world, and we continue to develop a steady stream of innovative new Photoshop capabilities and applications across surfaces.
Demand for our mobile applications like Photoshop on iPad, Lightroom and Photoshop Express continues to grow. With more than 35 million new Adobe IDs in Q1, mobile is proving to be a strong pipeline for paid mobile-only as well as desktop subscriptions. Film has always had the incredible power to connect us through compelling stories, and Adobe continues to be the leader in video production software. At the recent Sundance Film Festival, more than 80% of the films created use Creative Cloud. Now more than ever, we believe every voice needs to be heard. As part of our efforts to empower diverse voices and support the next generation of filmmakers, Adobe launched the inaugural Women at Sundance | Adobe Fellowship and renewed our commitment to the Sundance Ignite program which supports young filmmakers.
This quarter, Adobe Character Animator took home an Emmy for breaking new ground in television animation. This recognition reflects our continued ability to create innovative applications and establish new categories. Adobe Spark, our easy-to-use application for creating social graphics, videos and web pages, is now a top destination for hundreds of basic creative tasks. We are seeing great momentum with Spark, with organic search alone contributing more than 1 million new registered users per quarter. Business communicators and social marketers are increasingly turning to Spark to help them engage with their audiences in compelling ways.
Creativity is a fundamental skill in the digital age, and we remain committed to building STEAM skills for the next generation. We recently announced a one-of-a-kind partnership with Teach for America to provide educator training, workshops and tools to put creativity front and center in the classroom. Together, in this first phase, our goal is to reach 15,000 teachers and 500,000 students in the U.S. who otherwise wouldn't have access to creative tools or programs.
Our efforts to improve digital literacy extend across the globe. While visiting India recently, I had the opportunity to meet with students who were finalists in an Adobe creativity competition. In conjunction with the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi's birth, students from 20,000 schools were encouraged to depict how Gandhi's values can help our modern world prosper. I was inspired and moved by students' messages of humanity and the brilliant ways they chose to tell their stories using Creative Cloud.
With Adobe Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, modernizing how people work with documents across all devices. Document Cloud revenue in Q1 was $351 million, and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $1.15 billion. This momentum is being driven by strong customer acquisition and the expanding portfolio of PDF mobile and web applications. Key wins in the quarter included Equifax, Gannett, Shell and Cummins.
Acrobat continues to be the gold standard for creating, editing, scanning, signing and sharing digital documents. As more people are working on the go, our mobile app usage continues to rise. More than 600 million people have installed Acrobat on their mobile devices.
As digital transformation continues at organizations across the globe, Adobe Sign continues to power paper-to-digital workflows across all industries, including the majority of Fortune 100 companies. This quarter, we extended the reach of Adobe Sign with an enhanced integration with SharePoint that enables people to easily create and sign digital forms.
We recently launched the ability to convert to and from PDF via one-click access on the web, providing a seamless on-ramp to PDF services and an Acrobat subscription. We're providing PDF functionality through APIs and expanding integrations with partners. Our recent integration with Google Drive gives its more than 1 billion users instant access to Acrobat's best-in-class tools to create, view, annotate, modify and share PDFs without leaving Google Drive.
In our Digital Experience business, we achieved revenue of $858 million in Q1, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. Now more than ever, every business across B2C and B2B and mid-market to enterprise must be a digital business, driving opportunity for Adobe Experience Cloud.
The industry's most comprehensive offering, Adobe Experience Cloud features innovative applications and services built on the Adobe Experience Platform and leveraging Adobe Sensei's AI and machine learning framework. Key wins this quarter included Intuit, PayPal, Bank of America, CommonSpirit Health, Travelzoo, State of Oklahoma, Kohl's, National Instruments, Toyota Motor and Accenture.
Only Adobe has data from trillions of transactions, tens of millions of products and thousands of retailers, which gives us the unique ability to assess the global digital economy in real time. Building on the success of our annual Holiday Shopping report, we're developing an economic index to help companies get a better understanding of local and global trends so they can anticipate changes and manage their businesses effectively in this dynamic market.
A great experience starts with compelling content and is informed by data and insights. Harnessing the power of Adobe Experience Platform to stitch together siloed data across the enterprise, our recently released Customer Journey Analytics service gives our customers a set of analytics tools that provides a complete picture of the customer journey, online and off-line.
We're continuing to drive strong performance with Adobe Experience Manager for omnichannel content delivery. This quarter, we launched Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service enabling brands to go live with personalized campaigns and experiences across any channel, device or mobile app in days instead of months. It provides agility and flexibility for enterprises and midsized companies, with brands like Under Armour, Coca-Cola and Morningstar becoming early customers.
Adobe Commerce Cloud enables our customers to make every moment personal and every experience shoppable. With new functionality that enables merchants to natively add high-quality media assets to their websites and create personalized recommendations, we drove more than 50% year-over-year bookings growth.
For the third consecutive year, our industry leadership was validated in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms and achieved the strongest position in Completeness of Vision. The digital experience opportunity is immense, our road map is robust, and we're excited to have Anil Chakravarthy lead this business. Anil brings a powerful combination of business and product leadership and his impact is already being felt.
We're proud to have created a unique employee culture that embraces diversity and inclusion and supports the communities in which we live and work. This commitment has made Adobe one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies for the past 20 years. This quarter, we were honored for our sustainability efforts on the CDP A List for climate change for the fourth consecutive year, and we were included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, recognizing our transparency in gender reporting and advancing women's equality in the workplace.
While Q1 was a typically strong quarter, I know what's top of mind for all of us is navigating the impact of COVID-19. The well-being of our employees and customers is our #1 priority. In addition to encouraging employees in impacted regions to work from home for the next 2 weeks, we are restricting travel and canceling in-person events. In keeping with that strategy, we made the tough decision to cancel the in-person Adobe Summit in Las Vegas and replace it with a digital event at the end of the month. We are proactively engaging digitally with our current customers to support their businesses and continuing to drive enterprise pipeline globally.
We're fortunate that the company's revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our move to a subscription-based business model. We have seen little to no impact on adobe.com for Creative Cloud and Document Cloud demand thus far and will continue to acquire and engage customers digitally. In my conversations with business leaders across the globe. It is evident that investments in digital will continue to be critical, but dealing with the implications of COVID-19 is the immediate priority. As a result, we expect some enterprises will delay bookings, postponed services implementation and reduce expenses. We will be using Adobe digital solutions to mitigate impact and to engage with our customers.
While the situation is concerning and there's tremendous uncertainty, the long-term fundamentals of our business remain undiminished. Adobe is at the center of 3 massive market opportunities across creativity, digital documents and customer experience management, which will fuel growth in the near and long term. Businesses must transform to deliver a personalized digital relationship with every customer. The paper-to-digital revolution continues. Creativity and design have never been more relevant. We will continue to lead in these categories and manage the company for the long run while we navigate through this environment.
At times like this, the best companies like Adobe continue to innovate, drive increased focus and emerge stronger than ever before. John?

Sure, Brent. Clearly, I think -- let me start off by saying we would all acknowledge that the situation is pretty unprecedented. And so as it relates to the Creative business, maybe I'll give you color not just for Q1 but also actually for the first few days of March, and I'll talk about that in the context of the customers that we serve. And maybe, again, as sort of a preview to what John talked about, let me just tell you a little bit about the options that we considered. I mean, clearly, given the situation, we could have sort of chosen to give no forward-looking guidance. We could have provided a range given the uncertainty or what we thought was most appropriate was, given we have fairly good visibility on a direct basis to guide based on a number and then provide more color.
On Creative Cloud specifically, Brent, and on Document Cloud, in the direct-to-consumer on adobe.com, we saw actually a little to no impact on Q1 on adobe.com across all geographies for both Creative and Document Cloud products. And thus far, it's early in Q2, the overall traffic and conversion pattern have actually continued. In China, where we have a little bit more of an indirect route to market for CC and DC, which is through resellers, we know that the business is small, but we saw some impact in Q1. And as you saw, despite that, we had pretty awesome overall ARR for Digital Media in Q1. In South Korea, we have actually seen relatively stable business in our Digital Media business today. In Italy, what we saw was that as the situation worsened, we saw some impact in the reseller business, but we actually appear to have seen some additional strength on adobe.com. And the fact that, I guess, we have multiple routes to market there sort of helps ameliorate that.
So I mean in sort of conclusion, we're continuing to monitor. We think that clearly, long term, the Creative Expression business continues to be really strong. And specifically, as it relates to Q2, absent the COVID situation, we would have probably again had a sequential increase to Digital Media ARR where we're trying to factor what we've seen a little bit of the uncertainty in the reseller impact and enterprise. And even in revenue, we have a little perpetual revenue. So I know that was a little bit of a long answer, but hopefully that gives color in terms of all of the work that's gone in over the last 10 days. We've already done a couple of business reviews. And this is as of what we know today, while there's uncertainty, that's our best estimate of how we think this plays out in Q2.

And Keith, maybe I'll add a couple more things. I mean I think we've always done a good job of balancing the top line and bottom line. I have no doubt that companies like Adobe actually will emerge stronger as a result of this. And what John had already instituted is we are looking at every expense associated with it. There are certainly some areas where we have great online solutions to help our customers where we'll be investing more. And there are other areas where we'll be far more prudent as it relates to what happens. And maybe, John, you can also specifically comment on what happened in Q1 as it relates to that onetime charge so that everybody understands that.

Well, Kash, I think we'd all agree that the situation is rapidly evolving. It was interesting just even watching after 1:00 the 6 or 7 announcements that went out. And so clearly, we're trying to give you the best color that we have as of today. And not sure that I can predict or anybody can actually predict what happens. But I think we gave you color on Digital Media, which is we continue to expect to see the notion of both creativity and accelerating document productivity and where there's a direct engagement with customers to continue to invest and engaging with them digitally and continuing to drive our business because there is clear value associated with that. I think maybe just similarly, I can give you a little color on the enterprise. I mean, as you know, with enterprise selling, the end of the quarter represents a fairly large chunk of business for most people. And while that does not have impact on revenue and you never expect to close your entire pipeline, I think as we said in the prepared remarks as well, Kash, we saw some unanticipated slippage at the end of the quarter.
And so the way we've tried to think about it for Q2, I've had a ton of conversations from CEOs across all industries, and I think there are 2 themes that are absolutely consistent. The first theme is everybody is, first and foremost, making sure that they take care of the well-being of their employees. They're all dealing with travel restrictions. They're all dealing with the outbreak. The second thing that they all tell me is that, hey, this, if anything, will accentuate the need to engage digitally, not just internal to the corporation, to keep the corporation going but externally in order to engage with customers. But given what's happening with travel, we just expect that there is going to be some delays associated with that. We've tried to factor that in. And the way I would describe that is, absent any COVID, we would have certainly seen Digital Experience being targeted higher than what we targeted. So I think we've tried to factor it in.
And maybe just a little bit more color on that, Kash, when you look at the revenue components for our business, there are 3 components. There's the revenue that comes off of bookings, bookings translating into revenue. There is usage-based advertising cloud revenue that goes into that. And there's delivery-based revenue when services are delivered and implemented. We suspect that the services will go out a little bit. The importance remains. But as people are concerned about people traveling, that will perhaps slow down a little bit. And depending on the industrial vertical, that will be different. Some of it may be more immediate in terms of the bounce-back, some of it may be a little bit more detailed.
And so what we know is that we expect bookings will probably take a little longer. We think services delivery may go a little bit longer. We feel like the advertising cloud might be impacted. Those are all factored into how we thought about it. If the world falls apart, that could certainly change. But we will continue to monitor it. What I have not heard from anybody is any issue associated with keeping digital front and center because I think this demonstrates more than ever before, if you can't engage with your customers digitally, you're dead in the water. So hopefully, that helps.

Sterling, not to the best. I mean we are excited. We'll be doing our first Digital Summit, so on Anil Chakravarthy is busy. I mean all the exciting things that we were going to announce in person, the plan is to announce it actually virtually, coming up. A couple of exciting things there. I mean the Adobe Experience Manager that we just introduced, which is a cloud-based approach, that significantly again, I think, as we said, reduces the time for people to do through self-serve and get new websites and campaigns up and running. So on the experience side, it was really going to be an event where we describe everything that's on. Now with the creative cloud space as well, I mean, I think if there's one group that works more from home and has a more flexible work policy, it tends to be the product team. So I think we're all navigating what it means for nobody to be in offices, Sterling, but I think we're actually as well placed as anybody in terms of doing it.
The one other thing I'll mention is we are actually -- for universities, given how much universities' closure that there is, we're making available our creative and other tools available for people for this online training. And so I think while the situation is crazy, I think there are a whole bunch of our solutions, whether it's all the documents that are going to be shared right now, whether what's going to happen with signatures, whether what you're going to do with respect to helping people engage digitally. So nothing yet that's changed. It all depends on how long the situation continues from my perspective, Sterling.

Sure, Saket. I mean I think we are clearly the undisputed leader and have the most comprehensive offering as it relates to, and we created, the digital marketing category. I think as we focused on what we call as generational technology platform development, we recognized that the ability to create this unified profile and to really make sure that your first-party data, you're taking more advantage of it with 2 massive opportunities that every enterprise was going to have to figure out how to take advantage of, much like Adobe did with our DDOM.
Anil's background as it relates to what he had done, both at Informatica and prior to that, and the fact that as CEO, he had the ability to look across the entire business, both of those are going to be extremely important for us as we continue to invest in product. And as we continue to focus on ensuring that the CIO and the people who engage with data, which is an area that he is completely familiar with, are ones that we continue to invest in and differentiate our solution. It's early. As I said, his presence is already being felt. But what he has been really up to is going and meeting with a number of customers. I may have to ground them for a little while right now, but he also actually had the ability to go meet with all the product people. So I think both on the product and the customer stuff, just continuing to make sure that we extend our lead and have a unified leader, those were really the 2 reasons for having him onboard.

Well, first, Jay, I would say, apart from this recent COVID, what we'd all be talking about is we've got this $128 billion addressable market opportunity. We have tailwinds. We have growth in 3 areas. I think what you saw was really a concerted effort again by John to rationalize as we had done these M&As and to make sure that we're not duplicating functions. And so I think as part of every annual planning process, we first prune to make sure that we're investing in the right areas, and I think we did a really good job of looking at that. So for somebody like you who follows us and sees that sort of ebb and flow, it's just a continuous process that we do. We have opportunities -- I mean we're going to continue -- I think, again, based on the question that I think Keith asked, we'll be prudent about how we look at this stuff. But even if you look at our targets for Q2, I think you'll see that we're one of the companies that's best positioned in the entire industry to continue to make sure that we have cash flow. So we have great, exciting opportunities and we're going to continue to hire, but we'll be prudent, and we'll continue to monitor this.

Yes. I think, Kirk, what we would have said, absent COVID, was a good Q1: greater than 20% increase in the book of business, revenue growing nicely, highlighting the progress that we would have made. I think I shared a number of customers. We've had the Experience Platform customers go live. I would have talked about cloud AEM. I think we touched on Adobe Commerce, and that's only because I wouldn't have had time to talk about what we are doing with B2B and B2C, how we've integrated Marketo into that. And so I think that fundamental customer demand for digital and for engagement, nothing changes. And so that's what I would have said, if it weren't for the situation with the Q1. I mean, in effect, what we would have been -- John and I would have been here talking about record performance in Q1, continued momentum from Q4, robust cash flows, strong EPS performance. And I think all of you guys would have been saying, why aren't you raising targets, if it weren't for COVID. And so I think I continue to feel good about the long-term opportunity.

You're right, Brad, in that the real blessing of that business is how broad and how diverse it is and how our tools, whether they be on the creative side or whether they be on the document side, are as pervasive end market leaders as they are. We try to give the color even during this current situation and the impact. And as we said on adobe.com, there's been little to no impact. We have become really good at how we engage with these customers. And the thing that also gives us long-term confidence in that, Brad, is there are different price points. And so you have to think about it with respect to the different price points that we have. And we've gotten really good at understanding where the mobile offerings need to be. With all these people being at home, they will have to do some things and hopefully, expressing their creativity. We just have to continue to help them do that. And so we're not saying that we're completely going to be unimpacted. But so far, and just looking at what we've seen thus far, these tools and creativity and the importance of design, nothing that's happened in the last few weeks diminishes the importance of that.

There weren't really any patterns, Jennifer. I mean I think there was a couple of people who were at home, and you expect that to have people in the office to close, so just some examples of in certain countries where people were maybe not at work. I mean you've followed enterprise software for a long time. There are a number of stakeholders that are required. We do use Adobe Signature to close them. But I would say it's a little bit more of just getting the stakeholders involved. And I would actually attribute it, to a large degree, to the preoccupation correctly of dealing with employees and employees' well-being. I mean I'm sure this is true of your company as well. Everybody is just dealing with are employees safe, how do we make sure, all of that. So I would attribute it more to that, and we'll just have to continue to monitor what happens.
But the conversations that I'm having, and we are -- so one of the things we're doing is actually proactively reaching out to every single customer of what is the right way to engage with them digitally in terms of saying here's how we can help. I think all of you are probably seeing more communication. I should acknowledge that a number of the deals that slipped actually did close in the time that was past it. But it's uncertain times. So hopefully, that gives you some color into what we were observing.

I think, Walter, it's actually all across the map. We had a good quarter as it related to Sign revenue. And make no mistake, the reader distribution and wanting to do stuff with PDF and workflows associated with PDF, that's a big part of that business. We've talked about how we are going to make those APIs available as well so that people can embed it. We talked a little bit about the integration with Google. But it's all across. I mean as an ingredient service or a work as we talk about it, Sign is certainly part of the solution across all those segments as a complete offering with respect to what we have with PDF across Acrobat and in the enterprise and with Adobe Experience Manager, but it really is across the board. And I think you're going to see more demand for those services right now because physical signatures are going to be less easy to manage than electronic signatures.

Yes. I think what we see, frankly, right now is the color associated with what's happening in Q2. As you know, in December, we provide targets based on the product road map. And from my perspective, Q1 execution and performance was terrific. And while we're giving you as much color as we know for Q2 as of today, given the unprecedented times, we're really not going to comment on the second half. We will continue to monitor. None of this changes long-term trends, and so that's how we think about it.

And since that was the last question, let me also echo, I think, all of your sentiments, which is thank Mike for his outstanding contributions to Adobe. I've certainly observed firsthand his passion for the business, and his IR leadership has been invaluable to me as a partner as we've transformed the company. I told him that we've been doing this call together since 2001, and I will certainly miss him and wish him well. But with his help, we will make sure that we have a smooth transition. So thank you, Mike.
As it relates to the business, Q1 was strong. We will continue to execute on our strategy and focus on the 3 large opportunities ahead of us: unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses. And I don't think that the recent situation changes the relevance or importance of any of this for our customers, and it will only magnify the need to go digital with more urgency.
Given the situation is fluid, we try to give you as much insight into what's happening in our business. The demand for creative document and enterprise is strong. But the impact, as we said, of COVID will probably be felt a little bit more in the short term in the Enterprise business. But again, we believe that we're better positioned than most to continue to innovate to drive both top and bottom line and emerge stronger and more mission critical. We really hope you guys will join us for our Digital Summit. And much like a number of you have said, stay safe, and thank you for joining us today.