Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. Adobe delivered record revenue in our second quarter, with strong financial results. Q2 revenue was $2.2 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $1.33, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.66.
Adobe enables individuals, companies, governments and educational institutions to design and deliver transformative digital experiences, immersive, intelligent experiences that inspire, entertain and drive loyalty and growth. The breadth of our product portfolio, the deep science embedded in our Adobe cloud platform, the insights derived from the trillions of data transactions we process every year on behalf of our customers and our global ecosystem of partners and developers have made Adobe the leader in enabling great customer experiences.
In our Digital Media business, we achieved strong growth in both Creative and Document Cloud revenue in Q2. We added net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, of $343 million, which grew total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 to $6.06 billion. We continue to drive steady adoption of Creative Cloud subscriptions and services by individuals, teams and enterprises across all segments and geographies. This resulted in another strong quarter for Creative Cloud, with Creative revenue growing to $1.3 billion.
At Adobe, we believe everyone has a story to tell. Our strategy to empower more of the world's storytellers to express themselves depends on our ability to make our tools more accessible, enjoyable and invaluable to a broader set of creative customers, from creative pros, to hobbyists, to young creatives.
Experience Design is one of our fastest growing Creative segments and we recently introduced a new startup plan for Adobe XD, our all-in-one UX/UI design platform. Adobe XD is the most modern cloud-based solution available for designing, prototyping and collaborating with colleagues across multiple platforms. We recently announced several new integrations between XD and designers' existing workflows inside of tools such as Photoshop and Illustrator. We launched a $10 million design investment fund to support designers and developers who innovate and push the boundaries of Experience Design.
Enabling creativity in the Education segment remains a passion for Adobe. Adobe Spark Premium, our application for everyday communicators to transform their ideas into beautiful visual stories, is now available to every student globally. We have achieved strong adoption of Spark in school districts across the nation. To further bolster our commitment to K-12 students, we introduced a new offering that gives students more affordable access to applications including Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and XD. These actions are part of our commitment to partner with educators, promote Steam and ensure art and creativity remain an essential part of education and professional development.
Adobe's video editing and production tools, including Adobe Premiere Pro and After Effects, are the gold standard for creating films and video from the silver screen to the mobile screen. At NAB, Adobe unveiled innovative updates to Creative Cloud's digital video tools. In addition, partners including Canon, RED Cameras, AMD and Sony announced tools and updates that allow users to work in an integrated, collaborative production environment. 
Our mission is to push the limits of creativity and storytelling while supporting exciting new mediums. We provided a sneak peek of Project Aero, a powerful new augmented reality, or AR authoring tool at Apple's WWDC last week. Project Aero is a system that makes it easier for designers and developers to create immersive content and bridge the gap between the physical and digital worlds. With close to 1 billion AR-enabled devices expected to be in market next year, AR can drive a new wave of digital transformation and creativity.
In addition to the world's best desktop and mobile tools, Creative Cloud services are driving growth in our business while offering new ways to inspire our customers and accelerate their creative process. 
Adobe Stock achieved record revenue in the quarter, with greater than 25% year-over-year growth. Adobe Stock now has a library of more than 100 million images, videos and creative assets, including new curated HD and 4K videos as well as Motion Graphics templates.
Adobe Document Cloud is the world's leading digital document service, enabling individuals and businesses to digitize inefficient paper-based processes. In Q2, we achieved record revenue for Document Cloud of $243 million. Document Cloud subscriptions and Acrobat perpetual licensing drove 22% year-over-year revenue growth and $47 million in net new Document Cloud ARR.
This week marks the 25th anniversary of Acrobat and PDF, the innovation that ushered in the era of digital documents. 25 years later, the pace at which we are innovating with Document Cloud has only accelerated as digital documents become more collaborative and mobile. More than 800 million PDFs are opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader on mobile devices each month. Adobe Scan, our mobile PDF creation app, powered by Adobe Sensei that turns your phone or tablet into a scanning and text-recognition tool, has been downloaded more than 10 million times. 
Adobe Sign, our digital signature solution for Document Cloud, continues to have strong momentum. Today, over half of Fortune 100 companies use Adobe Sign. Last September, we teamed up with Microsoft to integrate Adobe Sign into Microsoft Office 365. Next week, we'll be unveiling industry-first innovations in Adobe Sign, focused on delivering superior digital document experiences to millions of customers.
Adobe Experience Cloud is the most comprehensive, integrated and actionable set of solutions in the market, designed to help companies deliver consistent, continuous and compelling experiences across every touch point and channel. In Q2, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $586 million and strong bookings across Adobe Marketing Cloud, Adobe Analytics Cloud and Adobe Advertising Cloud. Key customer deals in the quarter included Audible, Intuit, Shell, H&R Block, Japan Airlines, PNC Bank and Samsung. In May, we announced our intent to acquire Magento, a leading commerce platform. Commerce is an integral part of an end-to-end customer experience, as consumers and businesses now expect every interaction to be shoppable. The addition of Magento Commerce will enable commerce to be seamlessly integrated into Adobe Experience Cloud, delivering a single platform that serves both B2B and B2C customers globally, while providing the flexibility to scale to serve midmarket and large enterprise customers. 
The Magento platform is supported by a robust community of more than 300,000 developers and a partner ecosystem that provides thousands of pre-built extensions including payment, shipping, tax and logistics. The acquisition of Magento will make Adobe the only company with leadership in content creation, marketing, advertising, analytics and now, commerce, enabling real-time personalized experiences across the entire customer journey, whether on the web, mobile, social, in-product or in-store. We believe the addition of Magento expands our available market opportunity, builds out our product portfolio and addresses a key underserved customer need.
When combined with our world-class content and data platform and leveraging our Sensei machine learning and AI framework, this latest capability will further differentiate Adobe Experience Cloud as the leading platform for Experience businesses. We expect the acquisition to close next week.
We continue to host successful customer summits across the globe where we roll out new innovations across Adobe Experience Cloud, including major enhancements to the Adobe cloud platform. Recent advancements include a new Unified Customer Profile that combines data across an enterprise, intelligent services and General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR readiness, all aimed at solving key challenges facing marketers, data scientists and developers.
Adobe was once again recognized for our leadership in technology segments that help to deliver and orchestrate experiences across the entire customer journey. We were named a Leader in the Forrester Wave: Digital Asset Management for Customer Experience, achieving the highest score for current offering of the vendor leaders. Adobe was positioned as a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs. In this inaugural report, Adobe had the strongest ranking for completeness of vision among the 21 vendors evaluated.
Adobe Sensei, our artificial intelligence and machine learning framework, forms the foundation of the innovative Adobe Magic across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We were pleased to be recognized again as one of the World's Most Innovative Companies by Forbes for 2018. 
The talent and passion of our more than 18,000 employees worldwide continues to be the catalyst for Adobe's success. We take pride in making Adobe one of the world's best workplaces and cultivating a diverse and innovative team of global employees. This summer, we're pleased to welcome over 1,000 interns and university graduates to Adobe, the largest such group in company history. Adobe has the right strategy, partners, products and people in place to win. We look forward to building on the momentum we're driving across our entire business and expect a strong second half of the year. John?

Sterling, I'll take that. I think as we look at Digital Media, as you pointed out, ARR was again strong across all different segments. Retention continues to be in line with expect. Acrobat perpetual had a good quarter. So Acrobat, as it related to both licensing and perpetual, was strong as well as stocks. So I think across the board, we continue to focus on converting ARR to revenue.

Alex, big picture, I think we were very pleased with our performance in the Experience business. I think the metric that we look at a lot that was the subscription revenue growth. If you look at the subscription revenue growth in the quarter, that was 24% year-over-year. I think in the prepared remarks, we said it was across the Marketing Cloud, Analytics Cloud as well as the Advertising Cloud. Again, digital transformation is front and center as an imperative for every single organization. Without a doubt, we have the clear leadership position in that. The value proposition is very unique. We're getting larger deals. We've talked about the multi-solution opportunities that we have. I would say particularly in the quarter as well, with the 2 summits that we organized and the interest that we have in summits as closing opportunities for us. And last but not least, the partnership with Microsoft, where we're jointly going in and engaging with customers at higher levels. So I'd just point to continued leadership on the product and vision side and focus on execution in the quarter.

I think in terms of overall, as you know, Brent, we do not update our full year guidance at this point. We're coming into what has been the Q3 seasonal quarter in Europe. But the interest and the excitement or aspirations haven't diminished in any way. As you point out, it was a strong quarter. We have with Magento, even more of a comprehensive offering. And so we continue to remain excited, but it's -- I wouldn't read anything into it except for the fact that we -- we did touch on the fact that Q4 will continue to be seasonally strong, so it should proceed as expected.

Maybe just adding color, Brent, on that. As it relates to the enterprise licensing, nothing has changed as we see enterprise licensing. We're certainly seeing good adoption of the full offering from the customized versions that we have said. As it relates to the price, since you asked that question, we always expected it to be marginal in terms of the impact associated with that. We're pleased with what we have seen so far in terms of whether it's people buying new subscriptions or renewal, where people see the price increase. I think that's very much in line with the additional value that we provided. So on Digital Media, we continue to be excited about the opportunity.

Yes, Jennifer. I think globally, when we look at the demand for the Creative solutions and specifically, the cloud offerings, I think we've stated that Japan and Germany and the other emerging markets will phase shift it from the United States and Australia where we first introduced the offering. All the learnings that we've had about how to acquire customers and convert them, whether they be new customers to the platform or as you point out, former pirates, we have certainly learned from that. We continue to think that the differential pricing that we have in countries like China as well as Southeast Asia is helping us. There's more creativity in those markets. So Japan and Germany, net-net, continue to be good areas of growth for us moving forward. The emerging markets, both the piracy as well as the attractive upfront pricing, are reasons why people are adopting the platform.

Yes. I think Brad, it's early. I would actually point to the learnings that we've had from the foreign exchange changes that have happened in other countries and as a result of that, what we have done with respect to pricing. Our strategy continues to be how do we get more and more people on the platform and so, we continue to attract new customers with attractive pricing. And during the first year, the more engagement that we have with them, the more they are likely to add standard pricing continue and renewal. And so, renewal continues to be an area of focus for us. And again, the goal for us right now is attracting new customers to the platform. Everything we've done with respect to price changes has not impacted retention. And so we continue to focus on that blend, if that makes sense.

Sure, Saket. I mean, I think despite the fact that we already had integrations with commerce systems, we had clear asked from our customers for a complete Adobe solution from content creation to delivery to analytics and now, all the way out to commerce. What we're particularly excited about is the investment that we've made in the Adobe cloud platform provides a clear architecture and a playbook for us to integrate new acquisitions like Magento seamlessly. We were attracted by a few things when we looked at Magento, great people, great technology. But I think what's unique was that they targeted both digital and physical goods as well as B2B and B2C in terms of the customer segments. And Mark, who is their CEO, did a great job of leading them after they transitioned out of eBay. While their traditional strength has been in the midmarket and departments or single geographies where large enterprises use them for commerce in 1 geography and then translate it, I think that will continue to be an area of good opportunity for us. And what we will bring to that is the enterprise relationships that we have with larger enterprise. So like all our acquisitions, we look at it from the point of view of can we accelerate their growth? Does it fill out our offering? Do we have a unique and differentiated solution? And the good news was Magento, I think, checked all of those boxes. And so we're excited about it. As we said, hopefully, it closes next week and we've given you some transparency into the size of their business.

Yes. Mark, I think from our point of view, we just want a very comprehensive solution. When you go into a retail customer, for example, with Digital Experience, who is making available-for-sale physical goods, we say, yes. We have the ability for you to transact and finalize your sale for physical goods that's shipping. That doesn't mean that we are in shipping ourselves but the ability to have that inventory, the biller materials, the payment methods, is clearly an advantage in terms of them taking a non-digital way of transacting commerce and converting it to commerce. What's also nice about them is for people who want to do rooms or airline reservations or other digital ways of transacting business, the same solution scales from physical goods to digital goods. Things like subscriptions, what Adobe offers, I think we would all acknowledge that more and more companies want to get to a subscription mechanism. And so I think I would look at it more as a comprehensive way of dealing with anything that needs to be transacted online, whether the end result was a physical good, a digital good, a subscription, being able to have a comprehensive offering across B2B and B2C is really helpful. And what I mean by B2B is you might have companies whether they're consumer goods companies or companies that are actually shipping to other retailers who also want to use this to transact business electronically. So that's what's exciting for us about what Magento offers.

Yes, Ross. I mean, again, when we look at the ARR accomplishment and entire digital media performance in the first half, it's very clear that we continue to have momentum across all of the various offerings as well as geographies. I think if you look at our Q3 and then I'll get to the big picture, we do expect Q3 is seasonally weak, and we've said that we expect the traditional strength in Q4. I mean, one of the things that we're just continuing to monitor in Q3 is what's happened with GDPR and the recent privacy law changes is that everybody who's doing business online in Europe will have to make sure that GDPR is not sort of just a checklist item but a new way of doing business, which requires people to tailor their digital marketing. We were ready with that on May 25. We just want to continue to monitor that as we transact business online. We are best-in-class both for ourselves as well as for the service that we deliver for our customers. And so we look at the $310 million target for ARR, it's the highest we've actually had in Q3 for digital media. To your point, it should result in record ARR addition in this business for FY '18. But long term, as you think about new media types, as you think about devices, what we are doing across education, immersive media opportunities with AR and VR, screen design, video and the explosion of video, I think you'll continue to see us innovate more, attract new customers to the platform and really drive the addressable opportunities. So that's really the focus for us in that business.

I think, Jay, there's no question that a focus on time to value and getting more practitioners adopting our Digital Experience solutions sooner rather than later is a priority for us. We've certainly, to your point, done that with Acrobat and CC. Magento is a really nice addition to that because if people can create a website, start doing it with their customers through multiple channels and transact business through commerce, that opens up new vistas for us. And if you remember, the original Day software as well as what Omniture had actually targeted small and medium businesses. So I look at it as are we focused on continuing to drive time to value and getting more practitioners to be self-serve? That's only a benefit in terms of their NPS with Adobe, and it's clearly an area of focus for us.

Sure, Walter. I mean, I think as it relates to Adobe Stock, that is a clear service. It makes the entire offering stickier. And I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks that Stock had a very strong quarter. I think it continues to make the whole aspect of an on-ramp to creativity easier so that's been good. I would say in the enterprise in particular, as people are finding that whether you're interfacing between freelancers and the marketing or graphics departments within enterprises, storing all of these assets so that you can increase content velocity, things like Adobe Sign, all of them are causing us to be able to both deliver better value and charge more to our enterprise customers. So in the enterprises in particular, we are very maniacally focused on named user deployment, ensuring more people use it within an enterprise, having services to be the win which they can engage more people in the creative process. And that's leading to both greater ARPU as well as new seat deployment within the enterprise.

That's a great question, Heather, in terms of how we think about it. And I think as a company, we've just been ruthlessly focused on both top line and bottom line growth. I mean, when you are driving 24% year-over-year growth in revenue or driving 60-plus percent growth in non-GAAP EPS, I think it shows that we are really focused on both of those. We just have some very significant opportunities and I think as you think about Q2, maybe there were a couple of investments in the Adobe Cloud platform as well as in preparation for GDPR that were factored in. But I think long term, we just continue to ensure that are we driving great top line growth at a very profitable margin? And we're going to continue as we did in Q1, for example, all revenue over-achievement will result in greater earnings and that continues to be our focus.

Kirk, I think the sales force is already chomping at the bit in terms of saying how do we -- once the deal is closed, have Magento in our bag? It's such a natural extension. But I think to your point, our focus has always been with acquisitions, do no harm; really make sure that we can continue to bring to bear the Adobe brand, bring to bear the customer relationships that we have and truly understand the magic sauce that makes them so special. So certainly in terms of from day 1 when we are closing, being able to expand our story of how we can serve customers, looking at some of the customers. And I think we pointed that out in the introductory call in terms of who they already have as customers. So I think we will start to deliver to enterprises but we will be a little cautious because we just want to make sure that we have a disciplined on-ramp to that particular product.

When I take a step back, Derrick, the trend towards online businesses and digital spend and the desire on the part of enterprises to understand attribution is only going to increase. More money is going to be spent digitally but the bar of how that's being spent and the understanding and effectiveness of that marketing and spend is only going to increase. And I think big picture, we look at that as a big opportunity for Advertising Cloud because not only are we a channel for the major online marketing platforms like search, social, display and TV, but we're unique in that we have sort of the broadest perspective of efficacy across all marketing spends. On the second side, all companies will need to balance the customer acquisition where this third-party data plays an important role. And the more important issue for all companies is going to be customer engagement, to your question around e-mail list and how you engage with them. And there, I think, leveraging the first-party data is going to become even more crucial. And so we look at it and say we have the best of both worlds. The Advertising Cloud will continue to focus on helping customer acquisition but really, the energy is going to be spent by cost by companies more on Marketing Cloud where engagement is going to be even more critical in this world of GDPR so that you don't, in any way, impact the trust that you've built with companies. And I actually think Analytics also across both acquisition and engagement will become even more critical in this new environment. So you're right in that we have to help our companies navigate it, and you're right and I think long term, it just continues to be a tailwind as the leader in this business.

No, Keith. I think as I mentioned a little bit earlier, when you look at from an absolute perspective, the Q3 target that we provided for ARR will still be the largest that we have. I think we continue to see strength in the business, so nothing's changed from that particular quarter. I mentioned briefly that we want to just make sure that we get a little bit more experience with what's happening with GDPR to Derrick and other people's questions associated with what's happening online, but in no way reflects a change in how we see the business. And Q4 again, we expect the traditional strength in the business.

Yes. I think we look at it from a first half, second half and we still continue to model it. But you can look at it as we just want to make sure that we understand GDPR in more detail across Q3, yes.

Yes, sure. I mean, I think when we look at the 2 businesses where we have a B2C business, when we look at Acrobat and units growth for Acrobat, all the strength in the Document Cloud business is being driven by unit growth rather than what you would call ARPU growth. When we look at customer acquisition in Creative Cloud, we've been pretty forthcoming about how it's really been driven by new people coming to our platform. And so I can't comment on what Microsoft and Intuit are saying, but from our point of view, it's certainly being driven a lot more by new customer acquisitions and focused on that. And so, as we think about big picture what we are focused on in Creative, the first is let's just continue to drive net new subscriptions, focused on retention. The pool is becoming larger and larger, so this is an emerging market. I would say a little bit more of adjacent markets, what we've done with education and hobbyists. We continue to make sure that ARPUs are increasing as people go into renewals. But price is not on that first list of things that we are focused on, given where we are in the cycle.

Well, Pat, I think if you look at what we already have with respect to Adobe Stock, the 2 things that I would call Adobe Magic that Sensei has provided us, first auto-tagging. So you can actually get thousands of pictures and we have the ability based on the prior data set, to be able to tag it and infer intent and so, you can search. And the canonical example we give is fire engine truck versus being it called different things in different countries. And so, we already have that. With video as well, I think we have the ability across frames to do searching. And so, it's only going to get better and better with the data sets. But that data is not far in terms of being able to find across video. And in fact, we have already demonstrated abilities to do search on video.

We had a good, strong revenue quarter for Advertising Cloud in Q2. I think if you looked at our overall revenue growth of 18%, it was certainly higher than what we had guided to. Advertising Cloud played a role in that. I think to your point, we are one of the few companies that has the breadth to have the ability for people to invest across search, social, display and all forms of TV and so, I think we're pretty uniquely positioned. I think what's even more unique about that offering is the tie-in to the segmentation that we have with Audience Manager and the analytics that we provide on the efficacy of the spend. So we continue to be excited about the opportunity that we have, both in Advertising Cloud as a separate cloud and opportunity, and the integration of that across the entire Experience Cloud. And since, Brian, that was the last question, in close, the momentum in our business clearly continued in Q2. We continue to be excited about the product roadmap that we will deliver in the second half and the innovation agenda.
Big picture, the strategy of empowering people to create as well as helping businesses transform continue to be large, addressable markets, with good tailwinds. And we'll continue to focus on driving both top line and bottom line growth, with significant margins while we invest in technology as a long-term differentiator for Adobe. So thank you for joining us today.