Thanks, Jonathan, and thank you for joining us. Adobe had another record quarter, achieving $4.43 billion in revenue, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.42 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.40. In our Digital Media business, we achieved $3.23 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $449 million, and total Digital Media ARR, exiting Q3, grew to $13.40 billion. In our Experience Cloud business, we achieved $1.12 billion in revenue, and subscription revenue was $981 million.  
In this digital-first world, Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud have become even more mission-critical to an increasingly wide range of customers from students to creative professionals to small businesses to the world's largest enterprises. Fueled by our groundbreaking technology, track record of creating and leading categories and consistently strong execution, our opportunity is larger than ever before. Adobe's greatness has been rooted in defining new categories and platforms and delivering cutting-edge solutions through both organic innovation and inorganic acquisitions.  
Throughout our history, Adobe's innovations have touched billions of lives around the globe. From revolutionizing imaging and creative expression with Photoshop, to pioneering electronic documents through PDF, to creating the digital marketing category with Adobe Experience Cloud, Adobe continues to invent and transform categories. We are in the golden age of design, and we believe we have a unique opportunity to usher in a new era of collaborative creative computing. 
I'm thrilled to share that today we announced our intention to acquire Figma, a leading web-first design platform that will help us accelerate this vision. Figma enables designers, developers and all stakeholders to collaborate in the product-design process from ideation to design to delivery. The combination of Adobe and Figma will significantly expand our reach and market opportunity while making the creative process more accessible and productive to more people. 
I will now turn it over to David to share more about our vision for Adobe and Figma and momentum in the Digital Media business. David?

Thanks, Dan. It was great to be back on the road this quarter, meeting customers and partners as businesses return to a new hybrid work model. I was inspired and energized welcoming our new hires and meeting Adobe employees across multiple sites, who will together drive the next phase of innovation, growth and culture. Adobe's strength has always come from our most important asset, people. I'm incredibly proud of the recognition we continue to receive as a Great Place to Work. This quarter, Adobe was named to Fast Company's Best Workplace for Innovators and Fortune's Best Workplaces in Tech. Next week, we will hold our Adobe For All conference to bring employees together to celebrate our shared values of diversity, equity and inclusion. It's an exciting time at Adobe. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. We're delivering on our innovative product road map, driving growth across new and established businesses and delighting a growing universe of customers.  
In addition to achieving all the success, we continue to look around the corner for new transformational opportunities that will drive decades of growth for Adobe. We believe that every individual, team and business will strive to be more creative and productive in this digital era. Adobe has a unique opportunity to usher in a world of collaborative creativity. In my conversations with Dylan at Figma, it became abundantly clear that together we could accelerate this new vision, delivering great value to our customers and shareholders. I look forward to welcoming Figma into the Adobe family upon close of the transaction. We look forward to seeing you at MAX, and closing the year strong. 
Now we'll take questions. Operator?

Thanks, Kash. And congratulations to you as well for the conference that is happening right now. And given our quiet period, as you know, we can't attend. But let me take a step back and talk about why we believe this is a fundamentally transformative move for Adobe. When we think about the future of what's happening with Creativity, and in a sense, what's going to happen as it relates to multiple people engaging in that with respect to collaboration, we just believe that this is going to be an incredible value and a way to attract a whole bunch of new customers to the combined platform. When you think about Adobe, certainly, we target knowledge workers. We target communicators. We target creative professionals. 
Figma really focuses a lot also on developers. They focus very much on the other stakeholders who are involved in the product design process. So when we talk about the fact that Figma has a $16 billion TAM, that's referring to the TAM as it exists today in terms of what they are doing, both as it relates to product design as well as it relates to collaborative white-boarding and ideation, which, as you know, FigJam's -- this incredible product that has, I believe, a much, much larger available addressable opportunity. But if you take -- really what we think is the massive opportunity and putting this together, I think there are 4 aspects that are really exciting for us. 
First, there is going to be a next generation of creative collaboration that happens in the industry, and we believe that the combination of the 2 companies enables us to really position Adobe and deliver great value for this creative-collaboration industry. Second, we continue to believe that we can accelerate what it means to create on the web. What Figma has done is, they've delivered a really incredible technology platform and solved a number of the issues that need to be solved to allow multiple people to collaborate on the web. Third, we think that we can advance product design. And if you take the decades of Adobe technology that exists, our imaging technology, our vector technology, the video technology that we have and think about what that means to bring that to the web and dramatically increase the number of customers who can then benefit from it. 
And last but not least, I think to your question, this now really addresses that sort of holy grail of anybody creating a mobile application, anybody creating a website, anybody creating an application for any device that has a screen combining what we can do on the designers, developers and the stakeholders to make that happen. So I think today, what we shared with you is what they talk about is their addressable market opportunity, what we talk about is ours. But I think the real benefit of this combination is creating brand-new markets, much like we have done with Digital Experience and other industries that we are part of. So thank you, and we're really excited about this.

Brad, it's a good question. And I understand that in these markets, in particular, acquisitions and maybe large ones are viewed with some skepticism. We certainly believe, and I'll talk about it that Figma will be a transformative deal for the customers and industries. And it dramatically increases our TAM. We can deliver great value to an increasing set of customers. But I also want to reassure all of you, and if you look at our results, this in no way changes our focus or our excitement on our current portfolio. We're growing well. We're demonstrating strength across all of our 3 cloud offerings, and we continue to execute against our current initiatives. And so if you look at the multiple internal businesses that are achieving velocity, whether it's Adobe Experience platform and the apps that are built natively on top of it, what's happening with 3D and immersive, what's happening with Acrobat Forms, what's happening with Frame, this is additive. 
And when opportunities like this present themselves, Brad, I think it's the great companies that look at it and say, are you going to focus on the here and now only? Or are you going to seize on the opportunity that really positions Adobe for the next few decades? And so it's a great question. We understand that there'll be questions associated with valuation. We certainly believe that it provides valuation to our shareholders as well. When you look at what this means for us, but in no way diminishes my excitement around our current portfolio.

Yes. Let me address the first part, which was your second part of the question, which is why now. Again -- and as I said, we just believe that this new vision that we can create for -- what we can do with collaborative creativity, there's no time like the present to start working on top of it. And when opportunities like this present themselves, you have to act upon it rather than kicking that can down the road, Alex. So from my perspective, we know how to make this deliver great value to our customers. I'll have David also speak to the demand environment and the Creative side. 
On the Enterprise side, as we said, we had strong results. I mean the AEP plus apps business, that book of business is doubling, which really reflects the foundational aspects of what we are delivering. But it -- again, I go back to opportunities like this present themselves rarely. And Figma is one of those rare companies that has achieved the kind of escape velocity and technology platform that they have. But we equally believe that it's even rarer for a company like Adobe to be able to take advantage of what they deliver and actually accelerate it and provide greater value. And so from my perspective, there's no time like the present.

It's 2 things to that, Brent. The first is, I understand that what you're saying in effect is some people will say, hey, show me how this value is accruing to Adobe shareholders as well. And we certainly believe that otherwise we wouldn't be doing it, and we do believe that it will be value generating for the Adobe shareholders. I think as it relates to XD and as it relates to Figma, I mean we certainly, for designers, we're targeting what needed to happen as it related to screen design with the desktop product. I think the much newer market that emerged, which Figma effectively both addressed and pioneered, was the ability to do this in a collaborative way and dramatically increase the scale. And they, over the last decade, have really invested in and solve some of the hard technical problems that existed to make this happen on the web friction free. So from our perspective, the Creative products continue to be strong, the ability to really tie the designers and developers is really where there's this unique opportunity as well as to create new markets. 
I mean I'll give you one more sort of what-if scenario in terms of how we think about it, which is, you combine what they've done with white-boarding and ideation and what will be the future of work. And if you think about the presence of Acrobat and what we have with Acrobat or if you think about the notion of brainstorming and what happens with FigJam, with what happens with Adobe Express, I think the opportunities are tremendous. I understand that there will be some sentiment associated with the price, and ball's in our court to go demonstrate how we execute against our current initiatives as well as to demonstrate the value of this new one.

I think the 3 ways in which we look at that. First, in terms of the customers for Figma, I think, as David mentioned, the number of developers who are part of this products set is actually extremely extensive. But in addition to the product set associated with Figma design for developers as well as stakeholders, I do want to again emphasize the product fit as it relates to FigJam for anybody who's a knowledge worker and anybody who wants to ideate. So if you think about the value of ideation and brainstorming, I mean the reality is, they have tens of millions of people who signed up and trialed Figma. We have hundreds of millions of people who have used our products. And so the adjacency in terms of enabling both of those combined sets of customers to use each other's products, we continue to believe that, that drives great value. 
So this is really about, in our sense -- and then if you take Acrobat and the penetration that Acrobat has, everybody who's using Acrobat also wants to both share as well as ideate and brainstorm. So I know there's a lot of questions around Figma design, which is clearly achieved escape velocity. I would urge you also to spend a little time looking at FigJam as I know you have and then you would really understand that, that also dramatically expands the customer base. So yes, getting Creative Cloud to a more diverse set of customers on the web, allowing collaboration and enabling it much like you said, with Frame, that's very much part of the strategy. And that's why even in the press release, we talk about accelerating creativity on the web as one of the key pillars.

So Jay, let me first cover the first one, and there's no doubt that what Figma has been able to do on the web by solving a lot of these multiplayer, high scalability requirements to allow the tens of millions of people to use Figma design and even more important, FigJam on the web, is an engineering marvel. And having access to that technology and being able to take advantage of it to dramatically increase anybody who's participating in our design products, whether they be stakeholders and developers will, I think, dramatically increase our TAM as well. And so first and foremost, their DevOps is great. I mean we certainly have a lot of that expertise on the Digital Experience side of the house as it relates to the trillions of transactions. But for the Creative, we really believe that this is one of the key pieces of technology that we're getting that are going to be really amazing. 
I think as it relates to your second question, we really view these as when you have the right altitude -- for us, it's all about how do you take things that might seem competitive, but are actually more complementary and expand the nature of the market. And for me, when I think about what we did with Macromedia, it was really about saying, we're going to target more graphics professionals and not just focus on imaging. We're going to focus on what's happening with video on the web or gaming. And so I think it was an expansive part of how we looked at it. And that's the same situation here. 
For us, it's really not about what we had on the desktop, it's really about expanding to the web. Multi-surface is something that we have talked about a lot. It's about a community in many ways, Jay, and what they have done as it relates to their communities and plug-ins and how they've been able to use artificial intelligence, all of that also power we bring to bear to the combined. So from my perspective, this is really about adjacency. It's about complementary things that we have done. Certainly, we did have a presence in screen design on the desktop. But big picture, this is all about dramatically expanding it and that's the conversation that David, Dylan, Scott and I have been having. And David, feel free to add to that.

I think as we said in our prepared remarks, Phil, we're guiding in typical seasonality. Q4 tends to be a strong season, both in terms of the enterprise business for us and closing the enterprise business and the pipeline that we've built over the year as well as some consumer commerce days, as you mentioned. And all of that is factored into the targets that we're guiding. We're not changing that based on anything different than we've seen. So I think we continue to believe that our business is resilient, and if you look at the initial targets that we're providing, we would expect to have another strong seasonal close to the year.

Well, certainly, for us, this is all about the topline growth. And what -- if you look at actually what we would expect in terms of their continued growth and our continued growth, I think the top line of both companies, they would accelerate. And so I think maybe at the FA meeting, as we get more time, we're happy to share more color associated with it. But from my perspective, we actually think that we have a plan that allows us to really show the benefits of the combination as well as continue to overachieve against those. And since that is the -- go ahead.

I think for us, we're just factoring in everything, including the fact that this is stock purchase and half of it is approximately in stock and what that means in terms of dilution. As we said, we will start to offset that. We have tremendous cash flow generation. But from our perspective, we are going to be aggressive about making sure that we continue to drive the top line and the bottom line. And so that is very much on our mind in terms of delivering great value to the customers in the industry and creating new opportunities. 
And from my perspective, what I do want to say since that was the last question was, first and foremost, we're really excited about our current business. I mean the current business is growing at a great clip in this macroeconomic environment. We have multiple growth initiatives that are all demonstrating how mission-critical they are, and how relevant they are in this new digital-first world where whether it's work, life, play, everything is going to be impacted by digital. So first and foremost, we are very confident about our existing portfolio and the growth trajectory of the current portfolio. 
The addition of Figma, from my perspective, is the ability to turbocharge that in terms of both the opportunity that the company has as well as the ability to serve ever-broadening set of customers. And so I hope you all view that within that context, which is lot of confidence about our existing business and more excitement about making sure that we're setting in place greater future opportunities. 
We will look forward to having a lot of you at MAX. I hope you do come there. We are planning a FA part of that section as well, and so we'd be happy to share more with you when we join that. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan.