Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope you are all well and staying safe. It is hard to believe that it has been over a year since the pandemic began and the world changed forever. During this unprecedented time, we have gone from a world with digital to a digital-first world. Digital experiences have played a vital role in making every aspect of our lives possible, from keeping families and coworkers connected to enabling new ways of learning, to powering digital commerce and ensuring continuity of essential business operations. Overnight, we have transitioned to a global digital economy.  
Adobe's mission is to change the world through digital experiences. At Adobe, we're helping fuel the digital economy with our continuous innovation, our large and diverse set of global customers and partners and the unique expertise we have garnered from undergoing our own digital transformation. Our strategy of unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses is mission-critical and driving our top and bottom line growth.  
Adobe had an outstanding first quarter with strong results across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We achieved $3.91 billion in revenue in Q1, representing 26% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.61, representing 33% year-over-year growth. And non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.14, representing 38% year-over-year growth.  
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q1, achieving $2.86 billion in revenue, representing 32% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $435 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $10.69 billion.  
This past year, we have seen the tremendous power creativity has to inspire, connect and entertain us. Whether it's a student uploading his video assignment, a social media influencer advocating for change or a small business owner designing her first website, everyone has a story to tell. Creative Cloud remains a market leader in core creative categories, including imaging, design, video, screen design and illustration, and we're expanding that leadership into emerging media types like 3D and AR. Creation and consumption across phones, tablets and desktops is exploding. We're building solutions for every surface and platform, enabling customers of every skill level to create whenever and wherever inspiration strikes. 
Our Behance community has grown to 25 million people, and programs like Adobe Live provide ongoing forums for creators to engage as a global community. In November, we turned Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference, into a global digital event, culminating in 10 million livestreams. Creative Cloud has truly become the world's creative engine, and our future opportunities are endless.  
Q1 Creative Cloud performance was strong with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $337 million and revenue of $2.38 billion. Q1 highlights include strength in our student offering, enabling next-gen creators to tell their stories in the midst of an unprecedented remote learning environment; momentum in our Teams offering, demonstrating the increased demand for collaboration solutions globally; growth in our core creative categories, including imaging, led by Photoshop and Lightroom; demand for Premiere Pro, the leader in the exploding video category and the overwhelming favorite at the Sundance Film Festival for the third year in a row with 68% of films using it; significant growth in our creative mobile applications, including Lightroom mobile and Photoshop Express; an increase in demand for Creative Cloud services like Adobe Stock, which helped fill the void created when live photography and video shoots had to be postponed; and all of this results in record traffic to adobe.com, our world-class acquisition and growth engine and a hub for customer engagement across all surfaces.  
We continue to deliver groundbreaking product innovation, including Neural Filters and Super Resolution features in Photoshop that harness the power of AI and machine learning to simplify complex workflows and enhance images in seconds, extending our applications to multiple surfaces with Illustrator on the iPad and Fresco on the iPhone and building collaboration capabilities with Creative Cloud libraries. In support of our commitment to digital citizenship, we're leading the Content Authenticity Initiative now with over 150 members to set the standard for transparency and attribution across the content ecosystem. We recently founded the Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity to advance broad adoption of content authenticity standards.  
This year has shown us the mission-critical role that digital documents increasingly play in powering a modern business of any size. In a world where work needs to be done from anywhere and with anyone, digital workflows have become the critical underpinning to drive productivity and efficiency across global teams. With Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, redefining how people view, edit, share, scan and sign documents across desktops, web, mobile and through frictionless PDF services. Through our document services, we're unleashing the PDF ecosystem with APIs for third-party developers to customize the digital document experience. 
Q1 Document Cloud performance was stellar with net new Document Cloud ARR of $98 million and record revenue of $480 million. Q1 highlights include outstanding Acrobat growth across all routes to market; significant traffic increases to our Acrobat web experience, which delivers the ability to successfully complete PDF verb functionality in the browser, driven by best-in-class search engine optimization; powerful new Acrobat capabilities to accomplish converting, protecting and merging PDFs in the browser, furthering our strategy to make the PDF experience frictionless across devices and platforms; demand for our Acrobat Mobile and Adobe Scan apps; strong momentum for Adobe Sign, which is enabling critical e-signature workflows in businesses and government institutions around the world; delivery of an enhanced PDF reading experience with Acrobat Liquid Mode, which leverages Adobe Sensei to automatically reformat PDFs and for quick and easy consumption; and key customer wins, including Amazon, Aon Services, Bank of America, Federal Aviation Administration, Merck and National Australia Bank.  
The pandemic accelerated the need for digital transformation among businesses of all sizes across both B2C and B2B. Small and midsize businesses had to quickly set up digital storefronts. Enterprises that had not yet made substantial digital investments took the leap, and those with significant digital footprints doubled down further. As the world begins to reopen, digital businesses will be the winners. Only companies that have a deep understanding of their customers' preferences and the ability to personalize experiences at every stage of the customer journey will survive and thrive.  
Adobe created the customer experience management category 10 years ago that we continue to lead. Experience Cloud, built on a next-gen open platform, is the most comprehensive solution for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys and, most recently, marketing workflow. Through our acquisition of Workfront, Adobe has a unique opportunity to create a unified marketing system of record, bringing workflow management, efficiency and productivity gains to marketing teams challenged with siloed applications. Over 1,000 shared customers are already benefiting from the integration and synergies between Experience Cloud and Workfront.  
Experience Cloud revenue was $934 million in Q1 with subscription revenue of $812 million, representing 27% year-over-year growth. Q1 highlights include momentum for Adobe Experience Platform, which continues to be the platform of choice for enterprise customers to deliver real-time personalization at scale; increasing demand for our commerce offerings. The Adobe Digital Index predicts that the pandemic has permanently boosted online spend by 20%, and 2022 will be the first trillion-dollar year in e-commerce; solid performance in the Workfront business, demonstrating the need for a unified marketing workflow solution to drive productivity across global teams; enhancements in Customer Journey Analytics, delivering advanced anomaly detection, contribution analysis and intelligent alerts that identify hidden data patterns to more precisely understand customer behavior. 
Powering the digital modernization of government agencies across state, county and city levels in all 50 U.S. states. Governments are revamping their online presence, making websites and apps easier to navigate, ensuring content is personalized and updated in real-time and creating intuitive forms that work on any device; key customer wins, including Abbott Labs, Deutsche Post, Coca-Cola, FedEx, Kaiser Permanente, Mondelez, State of Illinois, and Sydney Water Corporation; and industry analyst recognition in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms and the Forrester Agile Content Management Systems Wave report. This is the fourth year in a row that Adobe was placed as a leader in the DXP Magic Quadrant and the sixth consecutive time Forrester has recognized Adobe's industry leadership in their CMS-focused Wave reports.  
Adobe Summit, our annual digital experience conference, will be hosted virtually at the end of April across the globe. In addition to unveiling exciting new technology innovation in Experience Cloud, we will have customers and inspirational leaders from companies that have been on the front lines, including Albert Bourla, CEO of Pfizer; and Rajesh Subramaniam, President and COO of FedEx.  
Adobe's fortitude is rooted in an unwavering focus on our employees, groundbreaking innovation and our purpose, which is to harness the best of Adobe to make a significant impact in the world. At Adobe, it's not only about what we do but how we do it. I'm proud of our continued industry recognition, including being named to multiple lists celebrating Adobe as a great and equitable place to work for all and being recognized on Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list, Fortune's Most Admired Companies list, and the CDP's Climate Change A-list. I'm especially thankful to our 23,000 employees around the globe, whose dedication and talents delivered extraordinary results across every dimension of our business during these unprecedented times.  
Q1 was a record quarter for Adobe. As a result of our outstanding performance, tremendous opportunity across our business and continued confidence in our global execution, we are raising our annual targets. John?

John has played a critical role in Adobe's strong performance for which I'm deeply grateful. John and the entire finance and operations organization have helped drive top and bottom line growth with a relentless focus on shareholder value. In addition to his accomplishments as CFO, John embodies Adobe's values, always operating with the highest integrity and ethical standards. John will work with me to ensure a smooth transition, and I'm happy that John will be able to focus on his family and philanthropic pursuits and wish him all the best.  
Adobe's global brand, unparalleled innovation, broad spectrum of customers and partners and dedicated employees provide an unmatched competitive advantage. I remain bullish that technology will continue to transform work, learn and play, resulting in a brighter future for all of us.  
I will now turn the call over to the operator to take your questions.

Happy to do that, Kash, and it's good to have you back on our calls now at Goldman. So first, let me just say that when you think about content and design, there is no question that it's fueling the global economy. And the way we segment our business, as we think about what we are doing for creative pros, what we are doing for communicators and what we are doing for consumers -- and first to, I think, just share some numbers associated with that, I think we've said there are 49 million creative professionals who use our products to make a living. There are 700 million communicators and approximately 4 billion consumers. And so when you think about the TAM, whether that's $20 billion for the creative pros, $15 billion for communicators or $6 billion for consumers in 2023, I mean that represents a $41 billion addressable market opportunity given the importance of design. So it's a massive opportunity. 
What gives us confidence? I think when we think about strategically what we are trying to do, certainly, the first thing we're trying to do is advance every Creative category. And I'll just give you one example, Kash. I mean what's happening with immersive media and when you think about 3D to 2D and being able to do all these virtual shoots as the amount of content, that's an emerging business. I had a really great quarter. That continues on what we had said about video being one of the growth initiatives for us. So I think these new media types and advancing it is certainly critical. 
I think multi-surface systems, what we can do associated with making sure mobile, mobile has been a really good growth opportunity for us. And the way we look at that, it's both as a result of the funnel that it provides for both mobile and desktop but also as part of a system so people can create whenever they want. So even if they are going to be out in summer, as you say, they'll have access to all of our Creative tools wherever they go. 
The third one, I would say, is what we're doing with collaboration and the team and everything associated with allowing people to collaborate. Services, I mean Stock had another great quarter. We grew that business approximately 30% year-over-year. And the notion of just continuing to make sure that we do creativity for all, I think the world is going to be in a place where creative expression is going to dominate everything associated with education and productivity. So all of that give us really high confidence associated with the opportunity and our execution. 
And then if you think about it for Q1 really just quickly, I think Q1 was a record quarter. We continue to see really great demand on the web associated with what's happening, and the absolute ARR was strong again. And this is, as you point out, despite the recovery being complete. And so we just feel like we're in an absolutely sweet spot as it relates to what people want to do with our tools and services.

Thanks, Kash.

Yes. First, I think as it relates to the SMB segment, as we mentioned, both in the Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and to your question specifically around Experience Cloud, we did see continued momentum and growth. So I still think that when you think about what's happening in the world, it's still not fully back, right, to normal, and we're still in a sort of a pandemic situation. So I clearly think there's upside. And every day, you have good news in certain geographies and unfortunately not so good news. And so that only augurs well for us as we look at our business moving forward. 
But if I take big picture view associated with Experience Cloud, which was the second part of your question, digital transformation, just talking to all the CEOs that I'm talking to, those who've already invested in digital are absolutely doubling down because they recognize that this is the way to further differentiate. And those who are not are clearly investing in the people, technology and processes to be in this market, whether it's transformational accounts at the enterprise level that Anil talked about at the financial analyst meeting or whether it's at the small and medium business, your question associated with what we are able to do to enable them to have a digital storefront, which is an absolute necessity for doing business today, there's a lot of interest in demand in both of those. 
I know a lot of you, as I read your reports, the checks that you're doing, you're hearing the interest in our solutions and -- from both the customers and the partners is high. And so we are going to see more demand for this. We had a good quarter. If you look at how we're targeting DX, we clearly expect acceleration of revenue without -- with and without Workfront, Q3 over Q2 and Q4 over Q3. So we're really excited, and I think we're in the sweet spot on all 3 of our growth areas.

Well, Mark, I'll let John speak to his decision after this as well. But I think the decisions we made associated with reducing our focus on the transaction-based advertising revenue if you look at everything that's happening associated with that business. So there are other companies in that space. I think that was a good way to do it, what we've done with the Experience Platform. And with Anil coming in, taking a soup-to-nuts approach associated with that entire P&L and the business opportunity, he's been able to align and simplify and improve it. 
And so I mean you don't accomplish the kinds of margins that we accomplished in the year without a focus across all of our businesses. And so we have an incredibly good leverage model, but there's more. I mean Digital Experience is still in that area where we're growing revenue. I mean 20% is what we've targeted for the entire year. We had 27% of subscription revenue in Q1. And so it really is one of those areas that's a growth opportunity, and you will see that translate into the bottom line over time. But John, maybe I'll have you also add to that.

Thank you.

Yes. Brent, I mean we have seen some -- quite a bit of success. I think we had some really blue-chip customers that we talked about, the conversations that I'm having with each of these customers. And people talk about customer 360. We're the only major company that has anything out there of this scale to be able to do real-time personalization at scale. We have billions of profiles that are already going through this, absolutely blue-chip customers, whether it's in financial services, whether it's in other online like retail, what we are doing with telecommunications. And so not only do we have that, but it's really served as the basis for what we've done with Customer Journey Analytics. So if you take a step back and the big areas that we talked about, content and commerce, data insights and audiences, which is such a key part, I think that becomes even more important with what's happening in the cookie world so that you can have access to all your first-party data and profiles. 
So I think the decision to invest in that was right. The success that we're seeing in the marketplace and the leadership, I think, positions us incredibly well, Brent. And you'll hear a lot more about that at Summit, certainly. I think the Workfront acquisition also has had the unique opportunity to be able to add to what we have in terms of our solutions and get workflow also and attribution associated with it. So I feel really good but I feel really good about the infrastructure with CDP, and we focus a lot more on the real-time nature of what we can do with personalization as the key differentiation with some great customer wins.

Brent, you followed us for a significant amount of time. We don't bank on anything dramatically changing. We look at the demand that we have and the current trends, and we're not macroeconomic experts and so as the recovery happens more but we are not banking on it, just to be clear.

I think so. I mean the world has done a pretty amazing job of pivoting to working at home and being able to do as much as you can. And I've talked about the fact that being able to visit with customers all across the globe without travelers in many ways, a real ability to scale. But I also am one who believes that being in front of the customers and getting the partners that we have together and accelerating the rollout and sharing best practices and that social part is only going to help. I don't think the world is going back to everybody being in the office, but I do believe that it will be an accelerant. And I -- because people's desire to also invest more as the economic situation improves can only be another tailwind for us. And so we've done a pretty incredible job when you look at our numbers, but there's no question in my mind. I mean if we can go travel and if we can meet with these customers and do it, there's only upside associated with that...

Both in terms of what we can do as well as -- sorry. Both in terms of what we can do as well as their own confidence, right, in continuing to expand their investments.

Jay, maybe I'll take your question. And since there haven't been as many questions yet on Document Cloud, I'll use Document Cloud with the technology lens to answer your question. I mean, first, Liquid Mode, I was on the road -- I was traveling on the road last week, and the entire preparation for this, I was doing on a mobile device with Liquid Mode. And I will tell you Liquid Mode for me was an absolute lifesaver in terms of being able to look at all these documents and do everything collaboratively on the road, so an unabashed plug for those who haven't tried Liquid More or haven't tried Adobe Scan to really see how it changes. 
And the way we think about it is when you apply that kind of AI to fundamentally change the nature and understanding the structure and semantics of documents, it opens up so many different possibilities on the segmentation. I mean we now have revenue that we drive through Reader and Reader distribution and upsells because we understand what people are trying to do and understand the intent. We're driving revenue through search engine optimization that we do on PDF because we have a one-click way of having them do more and more PDF functionality. We have a new revenue monetization model associated with APIs and being able to have people use PDF and embed that in their particular workflows. And we've always had -- Acrobat Sign had a great quarter again. I think John may have mentioned that we grew 50%. 
And so to your point, I mean AI and technology and being able to make that available and accessible in different ways is not just serving the customers better but is clearly providing us new opportunities to monetize it. That previously did not exist. And so I think you'll continue to see that in the innovation road map, whether it's Summit or MAX. You'll see some really cool things, which will not just push the envelope for our creative pros but also make it way more accessible, productive and fun for communicators and consumers. John?

Yes. Saket, I mean maybe I'll speak to that, and I'll also give you my color on sort of what happened with ARR. But first, as it relates to how we're expanding both the user base and acquisitions, I mean the net new ARR, when you look at it, it's primarily all net new ARR in terms of customer acquisition. And whether it's the mobile-only applications that we're providing, whether it's the web-based ability to do things in the browser, whether it's collaboration, that's certainly the way in which we are expanding our offering. And frankly, the way we do it is that anybody who uses one of our on-ramp products, whether it's individual category app that is then using the entire CC, all apps or whether it's a consumer app where they start to get exposed to things like maybe layers in Photoshop or a time line in Premiere Rush, they have the ability to then be upsold as well as to become more productive by going to Premiere or Photoshop. 
So it's very much been a part of our strategy all along, which is how do you attract customers to the platform and how do you think about then making sure that as they grow in their creative endeavors that we have the right on-ramp, whether it's an offer that we provide at the right time, whether it's engagement that we do with Adobe Creative Live. I mean Creative Live has really become in that community of Behance, a great way for people to continue to grow and learn. And I think there are whole cottage industry also of people who've done training and learning and education on Creative products. So that's the strategy, which is meet the customer where they are, whether it's on a surface or whether it's a degree of specialization, and then make sure that as they expand their creative pursuits that we're the right product for that. 
And so if you think about it, I mean Digital Media ARR, what really happens is it's not -- while revenue may be more representative of the number of weeks in a quarter and so if you take the 14 week over 13 week, you can argue that it was probably 8 points of revenue that was extra as a result of the 14th week. But ARR is not as cyclical because ARR, when you have an enterprise part of the business, it's probably going to be back-end-loaded by most enterprise, much like enterprise. So that's why we look at the Q1 ARR, which was a record for Creative. It's a really solid performance. So hopefully, that gives you a flavor. Revenue for Creative is a little bit more dependent on the number of weeks, but ARR is sort of -- you have these things that we do, which are cyclical, and that drives the strong growth that we saw across both Creative and Document.

Yes. I think the confidence comes from, first, the performance in Q1. As we said, we had 27% subscription revenue growth. I think the confidence comes from the conversations that we're all having with companies all across the globe from the pipeline that we have from what we know in terms of Summit. And again, as in the response to the previous question that was asked, this is not banking on any macroeconomic environment changes for the rest of the year. So it's based on what we know today and the interest. 
Commerce is an area that is seeing a fair amount of interest. The Real-Time Customer Data Platform, the Experience Platform is seeing a significant amount of interest. Workfront, as we said -- and John mentioned that it's not the deferred revenue. It's the performance as well that's driving the upside in that particular business. Customer Journey Analytics and being able to address this in a multichannel, that's seeing a lot of interest. I think you're going to see some new products also in terms of how we evolve our campaign product and analytics product to be more business-performance-related. And frankly, to a large extent, Ken, all of this is also predicated on how we run our business, right, and our DDOM and understanding what it takes to run an online business. We're world-class at that, and we're building products for ourselves. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that it will help every other customer out there.

I think our key differentiation there, Sterling, is the fact that PDF as a format continues to be the format that people are using for automating these workflows, I think the fact that we have Adobe Reader, which is the operating environment in which all of these workflows are happening, I think we've done a better job at awareness, frankly, of what we have in that. Hopefully, some of you have seen the incredibly new creative campaigns that we're running associated with that. We're actually getting a fair amount of wins from other competitive products that people might have been using in terms of moving over to Adobe, the partnerships that we have with Microsoft and ServiceNow in terms of being embedded, whether it's in SharePoint or Outlook or partnering with ServiceNow. 
So I think we're executing on the product side. I think we have some key differentiation. And this is not a zero-sum game. It's such a large opportunity. And I think the work from home has also certainly benefited us and everybody else in that space. So all of those, I think, are reasons why Sign just continues to be a real growth opportunity for us. The last thing I would mention is the ability to embed our Sign stuff within other people's offerings as well, I think we've made some good progress on that one as well. So all of these give us confidence. 
And to your question, Sterling, we don't break it out because it's hard, right? Sometimes you have an enterprise deal where you have all of them using Acrobat and Sign. And so even on the individual case, you have the ability to use a certain amount of Sign capability within Acrobat. And so I think our strength is in the combined offering.

Yes. At the end of the day, Keith, we are a software company. And so I think -- actually, just to give you a little bit of an update on numbers, I mean the beauty of when we acquired Magento and put it in the Commerce Cloud was, first, it was B2B and B2C. That was an attractive area for us. Second, it was physical goods and digital goods. That was an interesting opportunity for us. I think the third thing that was important for us was the fact that we had the ability to have both a large ecosystem of partners who are implementing this as well as an open-source community that was able to extend the functionality and, in effect, be extended R&D model. 
On the partner side, I mean I think we've gone something from 2,800 or so partners that they had to well over 4,000. So the interest in partnering with us on the Commerce Cloud is high. And our model, as we've always said, this goes back also to the earlier question that somebody had on the P&L associated with Digital Experience. Our model is software, and we're happy actually to have a large ecosystem of partners that work with it. And maybe the last thing I would say on that particular front is that we're really continuing to expand what we do on the merchant services offering, so partners like PayPal and what we can do in conjunction with them and other credit card and other partners. I think that's going to also be a good area of continued growth for us.

So maybe I'll go with the strategy. And then, John, you can certainly add to that, which was -- I mean I'm so...

First, from a strategic point of view, if you go to adobe.com, it's primarily subscription, and so we've done a fantastic job of converting that business to subscription. When you look at it globally and you consider some other markets where a lot of it is going through the resellers, even that has predominantly become subscription. But we'd be crazy not to have people if they do want some perpetual to buy the perpetual and then convert it to subscription because we still know that. So I think to your uber point, yes, we did see some strength in perpetual. China, I think, had also a pretty strong quarter as it related to Acrobat, and that may be a little bit more perpetual. 
Our strategy is clearly moving into the cloud. Our strategy is clearly demonstrating the value of where people see the ongoing innovation that we're providing. But that business, unlike the other business, we just want to attract more and more customers through any one of those offerings, and that's why we've continued to have the Acrobat perpetual offer out there. But it's becoming smaller and smaller. As a part of the business, it's definitely becoming smaller and smaller. And on adobe.com, it's virtually de minimis.

I think, Keith, the question that we ask ourselves is the big shifts that we've seen in terms of how people work, the need to create, the different kinds of media types that exist. Is there anything that's going to fundamentally change when the economy changes? And we don't think so because we just continue to believe that the importance of all of those areas and the tailwinds that exist in the market will continue to exist. I mean I think in terms of our numbers -- and you look at what we are doing, where we've said, it's -- we've raised the target a little bit from what we had, the $1.75 billion to the $1.8 billion. And this is 10 years into it, looking at driving record ARR. I would say that, that reflects the much larger market opportunity that we've created for ourselves. 
And so is there -- the way I actually look at it, Keith, is that it's brought more attention to what's possible with our tools. And once people experience the benefits of what they're doing with us, it's going to be hard to go back to not using those kinds of technologies, which is what gives us a lot of interest, hopefully. And you were certainly there, Keith, at the analyst meeting. That's why we try to lay out completely what we see in terms of communicators and consumers and creative pros. And I mean the business is doing really well. We had -- we're expanding the Digital Media segment revenue for the year. We're expanding revenue. And so that's all based on what we see as demand for what we have created and the tremendous amount of innovation that's ahead of us. So I think all of those give us a lot of confidence in the fundamental nature of the growth opportunities that we're focused on. 
And since that was the last question, I mean maybe just a couple of points. I would like to, and I know a lot of you did, also publicly thank John. This was, I know for John, a very personal decision, and I'm happy that he's going to be able to focus on what's important for him, which is family and his philanthropic interest, and I'm deeply grateful. 
And on the overall business, it's hard to believe that a year has passed since the pandemic impacted the world, but I think what's really incredible is digital is not just a nice-to-have right now. It's absolutely mission-critical, and most companies would be thrilled to have one area of growth. We have 3 areas of growth: creativity, storytelling, design; what's happening with the future of work and remote work and the limitations of what you can do with in-person interaction, which will lead to more automation of digital documents and how every business in the planet is going to focus on engaging digitally with their customers, so massive opportunity. I think Q1 was a really strong quarter. We have a compelling strategy, outstanding innovation road map. 
And I really have to thank all our employees who've pivoted to work from home and executed magnificently in what have been difficult circumstances and which is why the momentum led us to increase our targets for '21. And as I always say, I think the top line and bottom line performance really set us apart as investment for people. 
But stay safe, stay healthy, and we really look forward to having you attend Summit, where we will unveil the next generation of enterprise innovation. Thank you for joining us, and I'll pass it back to Jonathan.