Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 
Adobe had a strong Q2, driven by the secular shift to digital that is transforming how we live, work and play. In Q2, we achieved a record $4.39 billion in revenue, representing 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.49 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.35. 
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, achieving $3.2 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $464 million. And total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $12.95 billion. 
In our Experience Cloud business, we achieved $1.1 billion in revenue, and subscription revenue was $961 million for the quarter. 
The digital economy runs on Adobe's tools and platforms. Customers from individuals and small businesses to the largest enterprises are using our products to unleash their creativity, accelerate document productivity and deliver personalized customer experiences. Digital experiences from the apps on our devices to the digital documents we consume, edit and sign to the personalized online shopping experiences is made possible by Adobe. Our mission to enable the world's digital experiences has never been more relevant, and we remain focused on executing our long-term growth initiatives. 
We are delivering mission-critical products that serve an ever-increasing base of customers, and we have a track record of strong growth and profitability. In my conversations around the world, it is clear that digital is playing a pivotal role in powering the economy and enabling the world to keep moving forward. 
I will now turn it over to David to share more about our momentum in the Digital Media business. David?

Thanks, Dan. We are proud of our strong Q2 performance across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Adobe remains one of the greatest places to work in the industry, and I want to thank our employees for their relentless dedication. 
This quarter, Forbes named us a top employer for college graduates, and we were ranked on their list of America's Best Employers for Diversity. I'm thrilled to welcome our largest cohort of interns and university graduates this summer. 
Demand for our category-defining products and services continues to grow. We're innovating at rapid speed for new and existing customer segments accelerating our leadership in established categories and seeing strong momentum for our newer initiatives. Our strategy remains to focus on long-term growth initiatives while delivering world-class profitability. Our business fundamentals and market tailwinds are strong, and I've never been more confident in our ability to execute on the $205 billion market opportunity ahead of us. 
I will now turn it back over to Jonathan.

Thanks, Kirk. Yes, we are pleased with what we saw in the quarter. In the conversations that we're having, both Anil and I would first say, that the interest level in executives all around the world is very high. Unlike last time, I would say, right now, the focus is also a lot on execution. So a lot of the investments that people have made in digital, they recognize that given how critical the imperative is to engage with customers digitally. So we're actually pleased both Adobe as well as if you look at the entire systems integrator and partner network, they are finding that there's a lot of demand for implementation on Adobe products. 
I think the other part of the conversation that you all have with enterprise CEOs right now is they all recognize it's an uncertain time, and that's the conversation that we have. But despite that uncertain macroeconomic environment, the thing that all of them recognize is that digital is a priority. And they really want to continue to have conversations with us as to how they can do digital. 
I'll have Anil maybe add a little bit of what he's seeing across different verticals as well. But the importance of digital remains undiminished.

Yes, Brent, the way I would describe it is we had a strong first half, and we actually continue to see a strong demand for our unique solutions. And all of our new initiatives as well as the established businesses are doing well. I guess what we are also paying attention to is what we all read as part of the macro environment. 
And when I look at what we expect for our second half, the confidence remains undiminished. The question really for us is timing. And maybe we're being a little cautious as it relates to what happens given the summer seasonality, as you know, Brent, better than most is sort of the July and August. So as it relates to our second half pipeline, the confidence remains undiminished. And we're just maybe a little cautious as it relates to timing. 
In terms of what we had said in March, you're right, we had sort of alluded to the fact that we would have expected some sequential increase. Clearly, we had a strong Q2. But that's part of the reason why we wanted to give a little bit of color and be transparent on how we see it. And as you noticed, we reaffirmed the $1.9 billion for net new ARR for the year.

Brad, maybe if I were to add, I think the team is actually having a lot of fun with all these cool features. To your point, they're showing some incredible stuff as part of the quick actions. But if you look at the depth of what they have, I mean, there is so much behind the scenes that we will be able to monetize. But clearly, the focus is on usage right now, as David said. It's been fun.

I think as it relates to your M&A question and then David can certainly answer the other one. Clearly, valuations, to your point, have changed quite a bit. And the first thing I'll start off by saying is we're really pleased with our portfolio. If you look at some of the new initiatives, and we've touched on that, whether it's Adobe Express, whether it's the Real-Time CDP customer journey analytics, what we are doing with things on the web, including PDF, we feel really good. I do feel, Alex, that there are going to be a number of small single-product companies that are probably not going to survive what's happening. And the valuation sort of multiple changing is actually, I think, good for a larger company like Adobe. 
So it doesn't feel like we need anything, but we'll always be on the lookout for things that are additive, that are adjacent and that will provide great shareholder value. And our metrics associated with ensuring great technology, great cultural fit and adjacency remain. But we have so much going on within the company that we're excited about our current portfolio. Clearly, things will be more reasonable in terms of M&A as well.

Nothing, Karl, to call out. I mean if you look at what our targets are for the year and if you look at it in terms of what we would expect for both subscription and total revenue, we're, in effect, saying exactly the same at the beginning of the year in what's a really tough economic environment. So yes, the interest in our solutions remains strong. 
I also wanted to maybe add to a little bit of what David said for Saket. So the consumer sentiment that we continue to hear from banks such as yourselves is that the consumer sentiment actually continues to remain strong, both in the U.S. and in Europe. So I didn't want to have anybody feel like that's not what we are seeing as well.

I'll start off maybe on that particular question, Jay, because one of the areas that we're seeing just tremendous interest is what we are referring to as content supply chain. And both David and Anil can touch on that as well a little bit more. But this notion of people creating campaigns, if you agree with us that the greatest value that we can provide is enabling every enterprise to do personalization at scale, the amount of content that's being created, the amount of content that's being delivered and to understand the efficacy of the campaigns is just absolutely top of mind. 
I mean we have a large, large consumer company that has completely consolidated all of their marketing activity to really understand what this content supply chain is. And so the notion of content supply chain and what we can do between our creative applications, the asset management that we deliver, the website and what we are doing with AEM, Experience Manager, that and work front, to be able to do workflow associated with that, that is really resonating with every single customer right now.

If you look at the rhythm of how we've managed the business, certainly, you look at what happens with education in Q4, you look at the enterprise which tends to be a seasonally strong Q4, you start to look at what's happening with the emerging businesses that will continue to ramp. And so it's a combination. I think somebody else alluded to pricing, and we'll have a full quarter of pricing as well. 
And so when you put all of those together, every Q3 to Q4, we see a seasonal uptick. And if you look at what happened even last year and you look at what the numbers look like, it's something that we're going to go drive.

Maybe the one thing I would add to all of that is we have 32 billion profiles right now. I mean, clearly, every customer has their profile kept isolated. So we're clearly the leader as it relates to large companies that have a CDP in the market that's real time.

Yes. So happy to do that. It's been -- it's actually a very exciting program for us. So as you know, Adobe Express is predominantly focused on communicators, small, medium businesses as they start to move more online. We've talked a lot about the rise of the creator economy. We've mentioned that there are hundreds of millions of small, medium businesses that are really targeting more online communication and really focused on social media. In fact, in a recent survey, we found that the majority of small, medium businesses actually say that their online presence is more important than their physical presence. And so they need to coordinate and communicate digitally. 
And our ability to provide -- with Meta provide all the tools that they need end-to-end to build incredible content that stands out and participate in the online experience that Meta is providing and, of course, also work more broadly across all the other social networks, I think, is a really great opportunity for Meta, for us and certainly for the small, medium business owners that are part of that program.

Sure. Let me first cover your second part, Kash, as it relates to the bottom line. And our philosophy right now, given all of the myriad opportunities that we have is we're planning for the upside. We know how to react to the downside when that happens. I mean look at what's happened with the tax rate and the financial team and the product teams what they were able to do to really address all of that is truly remarkable. I mean we take it for granted at the company, but we've done an amazing, amazing job at continuing to be extremely profitable. 
For me, I think when you talk about a recession, the question I ask people is when you look at the 3 things that Adobe does, which is focus on content, focus on automation, focus on customer engagement, I just don't look at any of those and feel like the secular trend for that will change. So there may be some change in the rhythm of that quarter-over-quarter. But the fundamental shift of what we are doing, I mean, Anil talked about this real-time CDP, customer engagement is going to be the only thing that differentiates the business from another business. And the success that we're seeing in health care clearly points to that as well. 
So we'll navigate it. We have an incredibly experienced management team. We're planning for the upside right now, which is all of our growth initiatives. And we'll react as appropriate. And we are clearly not going to be in denial. But right now, it feels like a very strong time for Adobe to continue to execute against the things that we have on our plate.

I think if I were to add to that, I mean, really, in effect, what we do is we look at platforms in an unbelievably expansive way. And on any platform, just making sure that we get the magic of our technology and as friction-free way possible is part of what we are continuing to do. And we have an unbelievably rigorous process also of them really understanding how to monetize it. So some of the press releases may be a little bit more sensationalistic in terms of how they announced that, Brad. 
But since that was the last question, I just have to say, we're proud of how we're executing against our strategy. I mean everybody would acknowledge that it's an uncertain macroeconomic environment. But we believe that we will continue to win by delivering great innovative products that at the end of the day, delight and ever increasing for our set of customers. We're making some very creative marketing campaigns. We have strong sales and go-to-market motions that are appropriate for the set of customers that we're targeting. And I think with being the best users of our product, which actually gives us tremendous credibility to both innovate at a rapid pace as well as deliver great customer satisfaction and growth to our customers worldwide. 
So thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan.