Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon.
Fiscal 2019 was a phenomenal year for Adobe as we exceeded $11 billion in revenue, a significant milestone for the company. Our record revenue and EPS performance in 2019 and makes us one of the largest, most diversified and profitable software companies in the world.
Total Adobe revenue was $11.17 billion in FY '19, which represents 24% annual growth. GAAP earnings per share in FY '19 was $6 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $7.87. We closed the year with another record quarter, delivering Q4 revenue of $2.99 billion, representing 21% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $1.74 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.29.
Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is significantly expanding our customer universe, from students to business communicators to creative professionals to the world's largest multinational corporations. Groundbreaking innovation in Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud is accelerating our opportunity and momentum.
Creative Cloud empowers all voices from the most demanding professional to next-gen creators, enables the cutting edge of creativity across all media types, makes the creative process more productive and collaborative and delivers Adobe Magic with Sensei. We continue to invest in multiple new growth drivers which has expanded the total addressable market for Creative Cloud to approximately $31 billion by 2022.
Innovation is at the heart of Creative Cloud's growth. This year at MAX, we announced the next generation of Creative Cloud with goals of deepening customer engagement, continuing to attract new customers and investing in adjacent opportunities to fuel future growth. Key announcements at MAX included delivering additional value to existing subscribers through feature enhancements to our flagship creative tools, including Photoshop, Lightroom, Premier Pro Illustrator and InDesign as well as a complete redesign of our Creative Cloud desktop app; enabling collaboration via multi-surface systems with the launch of Photoshop on iPad, Fresco on Windows and a preview of illustrator on iPad; extending category leadership with new innovations in Adobe XD, including live co-editing and fully integrated Creative Cloud Libraries; launching new products, such as Adobe Aero, the industry's first tool that allows designers to build and share AR experiences; expanding our mobile offering with the introduction of Photoshop Camera, a consumer app that will bring Photoshop technology directly to the moment of capture; and delivering Adobe Magic to enable creatives to work faster and smarter than ever before with new Adobe Sensei-powered features.
Adobe's heritage is built on providing trusted, creative solutions, and we have a responsibility to play a role in addressing content authenticity. At MAX, we announced an initiative in partnership with The New York Times Company and Twitter to develop an industry standard for digital content attribution, and we're inviting other companies to join to create a long-term shared solution.
With Document Cloud, Adobe is enabling the paper-to-digital transformation that is underway at organizations and enterprises around the world. With trillions of PDFs created every year and billions of people viewing PDF documents, we've expanded our ambitions in this space and estimate the total addressable market for Document Cloud will grow to approximately $13 billion by 2022.
Our Document Cloud strategy is to enable all common document actions, what we call Acrobat verbs, including editing, sharing, scanning and signing, to be frictionless across mobile and web by leveraging the ubiquitous PDF format. We make this possible through desktop and mobile applications, single-click web functionality in browsers and with a rich set of APIs that can be embedded in third-party applications.
Our Document Cloud ecosystem continues to grow. At BoxWorks, we introduced a new Acrobat web experience which includes capabilities to modify, organize, sign and collaborate on PDFs directly within Box. At Microsoft Ignite, we announced new advancements in Adobe Sign to simplify the e-signature process, and we deepened integrations between Adobe Sign and Microsoft Office 365, Dynamics 365 and Azure.
In Q4, we drove strong revenue growth across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Digital Media revenue was $2.08 billion. Net new Digital Media ARR was a record $539 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q4 grew to $8.4 billion.
Global interest and subscription adoption was strong throughout the quarter and accelerated after Adobe MAX. Demand for mobile offerings and overall web traffic continued to grow. We're attracting new customers with over 50% of our cumulative subscribers being new to our Creative Cloud franchise. With 23 million students having access to Adobe Spark, we're spearheading the development of critical creative skills for the next generation.
Document Cloud growth is being driven by new customer acquisition, migration from Acrobat perpetual licenses to subscriptions and the monetization of an ever-increasing universe of Document Cloud mobile app users.
Digital Media enterprise adoption continues to expand with outstanding seasonal Q4 performance. Finally, we drove record demand for subscriptions during the last week of the quarter, culminating in our biggest ever Black Friday on adobe.com.
In the experience economy, every business must be a digital business, and Adobe Experience Cloud is the industry leader for powering digital businesses. The ever-increasing demand for data and insights, content and personalization, customer journey management, commerce and advertising is expanding our total addressable market for Experience Cloud to $84 billion by 2022.
We're leveraging our relationships with chief marketing officers and chief digital officers to drive customer experience management across the enterprise. With Adobe Experience Platform, we are becoming mission-critical to the chief information officer. We've extended our offerings and go to market across both B2B and B2C and are expanding our footprint in the mid-market segment.
We're rapidly evolving our CXM product strategy to deliver generational technology platforms, launch innovative new services and introduce enhancements to our market-leading applications. Adobe Experience Platform is the industry's first purpose-built CXM platform. With real-time customer profiles, continuous intelligence and an open and extensible architecture, Adobe Experience Platform makes delivering personalized customer experiences at scale a reality.
At Adobe, we've leveraged our highly successful data-driven operating model, or DDOM, into a transformation playbook for our customers. We're helping enterprises rearchitect their technology, people and processes to drive business growth. We have a unique and valuable perspective as a company that has used its own technology to transform its business.
Our leadership in customer experience management is reflected in the industry recognition we've received in Q4, including being named the top leader in Forrester's Digital Intelligence Platforms Wave report, achieving the best scores across both Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision. Adobe was named a leader by Gartner and Forrester in the categories of Enterprise Marketing Software Suites, Digital Asset Management and CRM Lead Management.
If you've watched TV, listened to the radio or read the news this past week, you could not have avoided references to Adobe's Holiday Shopping predictions report which leverages Adobe Sensei to identify retail trends and insights from trillions of data points flowing through Adobe Analytics and Adobe Commerce Cloud. Adobe's data showed that Cyber Monday reached a record $9.4 billion in online sales, and we predict online holiday spending will surpass $140 billion this year.
Key Digital Experience transactions in the quarter included Goldman Sachs, Marriott, McDonald's and Qualcomm. Interest in the Adobe Experience Platform and our new Real-Time Customer Data Platform is strong, and we successfully closed business across key verticals, including financial services, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, telecommunications and travel and hospitality. Key wins included 3M, Coca-Cola, Synopsys, Tommy Bahama and Verizon. As a result of the strong Q4, we exceeded 20% subscription bookings growth during FY '19.
Our performance in FY '19 was driven by the significant contributions of our global employees. They are Adobe's greatest asset, and we pride ourselves on our progressive and inclusive employee policies. This year, we reaffirmed global pay parity across our workforce. And in September, we became the first company to announce our commitment to opportunity parity, which looks at fairness in internal promotions and horizontal movement. We are proud to once again be included on Fortune's list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For and one of the Best Employers for New Grads by Forbes.
We're pleased to have been recognized by Newsweek as one of America's Most Responsible Companies and were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the fourth consecutive year.
We were honored to receive the Hope Award from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children for our ongoing work to further their mission of keeping every child safe.
Adobe's vision, our compelling strategy, our large and loyal customer base and our relentless focus on these opportunities position us well for the next decade of growth. Adobe is the clear frontrunner in the categories we serve: creativity, digital documents and customer experience management. Our best days remain ahead of us and we look forward to a phenomenal 2020.
John?

Happy to, Brent. I mean I think at the financial analyst meeting, we tried to outline all of the growth drivers that we have in that business. And as you remember, even at the FA meeting, we actually updated on targets as a result of the strength that we were seeing in the quarter. And clearly that strength continued. So a couple of things that come to mind. New customer acquisition just continues to be strong across all geographies. I think the new product introductions that we were doing. Strength in Acrobat across both our offerings was clearly a strength. We saw very strong seasonal enterprise at the end of the quarter. The Stock business just continues to do well. When you have a $539 million quarter, it's hard to point to one thing, Brent. And I think that, again, we've talked a lot about DDOM. I'll also highlight the campaigns that we run really targeted personalized campaigns, tapping into what was clearly a tremendous online season was also another reason for the continued success.

Well, multiple questions there, so let me try and parse all of that. First, I would say, it's been a really good year for the Experience Cloud in terms of the product innovation, delivering the Experience Cloud, looking at Experience Manager and moving that to the cloud, innovative new services that we're delivering, intelligent services using our AI and machine learning. When I take a step back and look at what's happened during the year, I feel really good about the amount of innovation that's happening.
And the second thing I feel really good about is the alignment across Magento, Marketo and just call it, the core DX business in terms of having a more unified and aligned go to market, which has not only helped our results but it's also helped the operating expense associated with that business. And so we just continue to have a really differentiated offering. The need for people to engage digitally with customers is not just a U.S. phenomenon. It's a global phenomenon. And so that feels really good. And so I mean, overall, we had a very strong Q4 as we mentioned the Adobe Experience Platform adoption among various verticals. It's such a unique and differentiated product that exists in the marketplace. We're the only company at scale that has the ability to create this unified profile.
So overall, I feel really good on that business. We also have tremendous opportunities in 2020 to just continue to scale that business to be delivering it not just across geographies. In the mid-market segment, we talked about how creating an aligned mid-market-focused segment. We saw a rebound as it related to Marketo. Magento continues to do well. And I know, typically, people ask me, what's the update on the hiring front? There's good news that we would hopefully be able to share with you in the first week of January but it feels good. We made a lot of progress in that business. Opportunity is great and we will continue to drive innovation.

Maybe just to add a few more color, Jennifer. I mean, I think at the FA meeting, we were really trying to give annual guidance, and what we were trying to do is just give you a little bit of color. And to add to what John said. As you think about the Q4 to Q1 transition, what typically happens in Q4 in the Digital Experience business is you get a bunch of really good professional services billing. As people are preparing our products to get ready for the holiday season, you see a little bit of a rush on the Advertising Cloud associated with that. There was a little bit of strength also. Acrobat had strength across the board, but there was some additional strength as it related to perpetual and OEM licensing. And so I think what we were just trying to do is provide you a little bit of color as it related to how you would, in your models, look at both revenue as well as EPS as well as Digital Media ARR for the rest of the year. So that was our goal.

Yes. Sterling, there are multiple ways in which we monetize our mobile. The first is this multisystem approach that we've taken, maybe using a product like Lightroom, for example. I mean, it's clear when people have images, they want to manage their images across multiple devices. And so we take a system approach towards that pricing, but it changes quite dramatically what you could see in terms of the engagement and retention associated with that. So first in terms of value provided, that's quite significant.
The second thing is, we actually have mobile-only offerings as well. And so you could have a mobile-only offering, whether it's Photoshop Express, whether it's what we do with our Photoshop on iPad. And so we have one price across multiple devices and we have one price for mobile-only offering. And the mobile-only offering, I think in the past, we've alluded to the number of IDs that are being created. And that's also becoming a really nice revenue stream for us and growing.
And the third thing I would say is, where we've done a really good job on the Acrobat side is where you have Reader and people have onetime usage, where they're trying to do things with respect to PDF. That's also become a fairly significant monetization model. So there are multiple monetization models that's attracting new customers, different price points, different segments. And I think it just enables our positioning as the one-stop shop to be very valid and very relevant for all of these customers. So now long term, we continue to be excited and bullish about the growth there.

Yes, Jay, I think both of those continue to be really important strategic objectives for the company as it relates to retention as the book of business gets larger and larger, both in terms of ensuring that they're getting value for the products as well as from an upsell perspective and being able to upsell them. And you'd be amazed how productive the retention team has been in terms of really understanding what's the right offer, what's the right way to continue to make sure that they get value out of it. The incredible work that's being done even as it relates to payment methods and just making sure that, that is a way to both attract and retain new customers to the platform. So retention is a very big area of focus, and I continue to believe that it is an area of growth within the enterprise with named user deployment, what we are doing associated with making it really easy for people to adopt our technology. So that, again, is a way in which we are increasing both the ARPU as well as the number of users in the enterprise. And so really good focus with some significant results.
On the frictionless, I think you clearly see that customers when they do a search and if they want to do a search for Create PDF, for example, they want that to be immediately fulfilled and get instant gratification. And so the reason and the thesis behind frictionless is, when people are doing something, how can we, within 1 or 2 clicks, enable them to do it as well as at that point ensure that it's a monetization opportunity for us. And so I think that'll continue to be both in the document space as well as in the creative space as we've done with Spark, where you do a Google search and you want to create a flyer. And we want to be able to fulfill that very easily. So I think it's an important, I think, expansion opportunity for us on frictionless. So we're doing well in both cases, and it will continue to be an area of focus.
I know you didn't ask it, but you are aware that even on the API side, making sure that all of our stuff is available as APIs is another way to just extend this reach through the partner ecosystem as well.

Thanks, Kash, and happy holidays to you as well. I mean, I would say, we were really pleased with the momentum that we saw for the business in Q4. As I said earlier, I'm also really pleased with the amount of innovation that the product team has been able to do with all of the new delivery. And the opportunity, as we have identified north of $80 billion addressable opportunity in 2022, just continues to be the area of focus for us. And so we will continue to execute. I'm not giving you different targets from the one that John just gave, but we're not opportunity constraint in that particular business.

It's no different in many ways from what we have done on the desktop. I mean, we have the world's best product teams and technologies in that space. And we actually have. I mean, when you see what we've done with Acrobat on PDF on the mobile. What we have done with Photoshop Express, tens of millions of users, the fact that we have hundreds of millions of mobile IDs. I think you think about the brand that Adobe has, you think about the depth of technology that we have in those spaces. I'd encourage you to try out a product like Fresco, which whether it's for oil paint, whether it's for water colors, I mean, there's nothing like that on the market with respect to the amount of precision and detail that we provide in that space. And so we just have to continue to focus on innovating. But given our brand, given the tremendous funnel of traffic that we see to adobe.com, and as we keep pointing out the data-driven operating model that we have to be able to convert it, I feel very good about what we are doing in the mobile arena as well.

Walter, the PDF business continues to do really well. We're attracting new customers to the platform. Sign as a business is doing really well. The new services, the mobile funnel continues to do well. As you know, we feathered that business so that we continue to have a perpetual offering and an OEM licensing offering, those continue to do well. I mean, the reality is that automating inefficient paper-based processes and just the whole collaboration, and sharing and editing of documents is a massive opportunity. And PDF has become the lingua franca for how things happen on the Internet and the PDF brand, I mean, going back to the earlier question. The team has done an incredible job of innovating in that particular space, it's really early. As a cricket fan, we don't have 3 innings in cricket, but it's still very early as it relates to where we are in that space.

Tom. And I think the reason why we believe in the mid-market opportunity across content management, across commerce, across what we are doing with the Marketo business and taking leads all the way to making them revenue for a company is that having an easy-to-use self-serve product serves not just the mid-market customer well but it also serves the enterprise customer well. And I think Don and Chico have always said, every business starts at a $0 business. And so you want to make sure that you get a huge base of customers who are growing early. And so that's the reason for the importance of the business.
I think over the last few quarters, the demand generation team has done such a good job. A lot of the mid-market demand generation is actually created through marketing activities and then it has a very front touch perspective. And so having that, it's actually a more efficient process for us to do. And by investing a little bit more in demand generation in the last few quarters, we've seen that bounce back well. The product has always been good, the best product in the market. And I think just both inspecting that business and making sure that we invest appropriately and have the right leadership, all of that's really helped with that particular space.
Having a depth of offering also, given what we have with experience manager and given what we have with Magento for an end-to-end solution, also really helps in that base. So we're excited about it.

I'm not sure I heard the question. Could you just repeat the question, please?

Yes. I mean, as part of our prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that the Adobe Experience platform is really the only scalable platform that allows people to have this unified profile. As people are thinking about what they have to do, they have to deal with both known users and unknown users. And I think the combination of what we had with audience manager and the real-time CDP aspects of how we differentiate our solution makes it unique. And so every business has to think about its core segmentation. Every business has to think about what's the way in which they are creating this unified profile. And so we're excited about our offering in that space. That's a clear leader.

I'll touch on one, maybe in a little bit of detail, which is the Adobe Experience Manager. We have, over the last year, really innovated. We have an offering that's a completely cloud-based offering that enables you to do it. You can do headless content management. It's so far ahead of the competition. So I think that hopefully gives you a glimpse into the fact that we do believe it's an opportunity as we move to the cloud and make these all SaaS-based services, I think making that self-help.
In the content management space, in particular, as people are creating these micro sites, and they want to get it up and running quickly, but they want to use the same publishing paradigm that they use for their larger sites. That's another reason. But the new AEM product that we have that's cloud-based. The number of customers who've been able to get up and running really quickly, I think, shows the kind of innovation, take Adobe itself, for example, as we move our cloud-based AEM implementation, it really adds significant value. And as I said earlier, it's not just about the mid-market, that same technology actually translates well into enterprises seeing value from our products sooner rather than later.

And given that was the last question, what's exciting to us was at our Analyst Day at MAX, we shared the strategy on the 3 large opportunities that we had ahead of us: unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses and how it represented a TAM of approximately $128 billion in 2022. It's nice to be the leader in those categories and continue to drive product innovation as well as GTM alignment and execution so that we can continue on this growth agenda that we have as a company. But at the same time, we also continue to be focused on increasing cash flow as well as delivering great value to our shareholders. Clearly, pleased with our fiscal performance in Q4.
FY '20 should be another record year with strong profitability and cash flow. And I'm really excited about the progress that we made across all 3 clouds on product GTM as well as organizational alignment, and we look forward to sharing that progress with you over the course of next year.
I wanted to wish you all happy holidays. Thank you for joining us today.