Thanks, Jonathan. Adobe had another outstanding quarter as the shift to a digital-first world continues to accelerate. From students to creative professionals to small businesses to the world's largest global enterprises, digital is transforming how we work, learn and play.  
Adobe's mission to change the world through digital experiences has never been more relevant. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. Fueled by our groundbreaking innovation, proven capability to create and lead categories and our expansive global customer base, our opportunity and momentum has never been greater.  
In Q2, Adobe achieved $3.84 billion in revenue, representing 23% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.32, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.03.  
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in Q2 in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, achieving $2.79 billion in revenue, representing 25% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $518 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $11.21 billion.  
Over the last year, we have seen the critical role creativity has played in the world. Creative Cloud is empowering everyone from the most demanding professional to the high school student to the next generation of social media creators to tell their stories. Adobe is the leader in core creative categories such as imaging, design, video and illustration, and we're expanding our leadership in exciting new media types, including screen design and prototyping, 3D and AR.  
In a world that requires anyone to be able to create from anywhere, we're building products and services for every surface and platform. Our vibrant creative communities continue to be a tremendous source of inspiration, and our goal remains to provide access to a larger and increasingly diverse set of creators and design teams, furthering our strategy of unleashing creativity for all.  
Q2 Creative Cloud performance was strong, with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $405 million and revenue of $2.32 billion, representing 24% year-over-year growth. Q2 highlights include new product innovations, including updates to Lightroom, Photoshop and Illustrator, that deliver enhanced creation and collaboration capabilities and greater speed and performance. Next week, we will unveil new innovations for Substance, our 3D solution designed to improve the creation process with new tools to help assemble, style and sculpt.  
Increasing engagement and retention across offerings, including greater customer uptake of training, participation in community events and continuous product enhancements derived from insights about customer usage and value. Momentum in our Creative Cloud teams offering globally, reinforcing the growth and adoption of Creative Cloud within small and medium businesses. Strong customer acquisition in core creative and emerging categories, especially photography and video, supported by exciting marketing campaigns globally for Photoshop and Premiere, and accelerating demand for 3D&I in key verticals such as gaming, automotive, fashion and e-commerce.  
Continued growth of mobile traffic, leading to new customer acquisition of mobile offerings like Lightroom Mobile and Photoshop Express and a strong funnel for desktop applications. Strong growth for Adobe Stock with an increasingly robust content library and growing submissions that provides sustained earnings for our contributors. Global momentum with accelerated demand in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Key customer wins, including ByteDance, Netflix, Microsoft and Unity; and new partnerships to inspire the next generation of creators, including one with Netflix that gives emerging creators access to tools, resources and mentorship to bring their stories to life; and another with Khan Academy, designed to provide teachers and students in underserved communities with access to digital tools and learning resources. 
In this digital-first business environment, seamless document workflows across every device and platform are more important than ever for the modern workforce to collaborate and be productive. Document Cloud is accelerating document productivity by powering the paper to digital transformation and enabling all document actions, including editing, sharing, scanning and signing, to be frictionless across web, desktop and mobile applications. 
We delivered strong Document Cloud revenue in Q2 with net new Document Cloud ARR of $113 million, and outstanding revenue of $469 million, representing 30% year-over-year growth. 
Q2 highlights include new product innovations, including new features in Acrobat Liquid Mode that further improve accessibility on mobile devices; new Adobe Scan functionality that enables users to combine, save and store scans more efficiently; and new Sign capabilities in Acrobat to help small and medium-sized businesses improve their digital footprint with easily embeddable forms and digital payments. 
Strength in Acrobat across all routes to market and offerings with enterprise bookings growth up over 60% year-over-year. Accelerated demand for Sign with new Sign customers doubling year-over-year and an increasing share of Acrobat users leveraging Sign capabilities. Explosive growth in Acrobat Web services, driven by significant improvements in SEO for a new set of customers. In Q2, we drove 30 million visits to frictionless PDF pages and now offer capabilities for over 20 different document verbs. Continued growth of mobile traffic, including over 110 million mobile downloads of Adobe Scan and 1 billion scans to date and a greater than 20% year-over-year increase in Acrobat mobile app adoption. Momentum across all geographies with accelerated demand in Europe, Latin America, Australia and New Zealand; and key customer wins, including ADP, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline, Toyota and Wells Fargo. 
I'm thrilled to welcome back David Wadhwani, who has rejoined Adobe as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer of our Digital Media business. His impressive track record and passion for Adobe and our customers make him the ideal person to lead our Digital Media business through its next phase of growth. 
Digital transformation has become an imperative for businesses of every size and every industry. According to our recent Adobe Digital Economy Index, e-commerce spending is projected to be $4.2 trillion globally this year and reach $1 trillion in the U.S. alone in 2022. We predict that U.S. online spending on the upcoming Prime Day will surpass the $10.9 billion mark that Cyber Monday reached in 2020. Across both B2C and B2B, companies around the globe are investing in digital to deliver personalized and engaging customer experiences. 
Experience Cloud is the most comprehensive solution for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys and marketing workflow. With unified customer profiles in an open and extensible architecture, Adobe Experience Platform is the clear platform of choice for enterprises to deliver real-time personalization at scale, powering more than 17 trillion audience segment evaluations every day. 
Experience Cloud revenue was $938 million in Q2, representing 21% year-over-year growth, and subscription revenue was $817 million, representing 25% year-over-year growth. 
In April, we held our annual Digital Experience Conference, Adobe Summit, virtually. We drove an unprecedented 20 million views of Summit content from individuals around the globe, underscoring the significant interest and demand for customer experience management. Highlights of product announcements include: Adobe Journey Optimizer, which helps marketers optimize the customer journey across outbound and inbound customer touch points; Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, which enables brands to integrate and standardize their online and off-line data and is years ahead of any competitive offering; the next generation of Adobe's real-time customer data platform to help brands optimize their acquisition and engagement strategies in a first-party data world; a preview of a pioneering marketing system of record built on Workfront technology designed to manage complex marketing workflows for greater efficiency and agility; and new intelligent commerce capabilities and a strategic partnership with FedEx that will allow every small and medium business to offer expedited shipping capabilities as part of their commerce platform. 
Beyond Summit, Q2 accomplishments include: strength in core offerings, including explosive bookings growth for Adobe Experience Platform and associated services like Customer Journey Analytics and real-time CDP, which combined blew past the $100 million book of business mark in Q2; success with large multi-solution deals in transformational accounts and improving close rates across geographies, customer segments and product pillars; building the future workforce by offering college instructors and students globally free access and curriculum for Adobe Analytics, the industry-leading customer data analytics platform; continued industry analyst recognition across all customer experience management segments, including being named the leader in the Forrester Wave for enterprise marketing software suites, achieving the top spot, each of the 5x the report has been published, and leadership in the Gartner Multichannel Marketing Hubs Magic Quadrant for the fourth year in a row; and key customer wins with brands like Nike, NatWest, NTT DoCoMo and T-Mobile. 
We're proud of the tremendous results and momentum across our business. As we plan for a post-pandemic world, we will remain flexible as different regions recover at different times. While offices in Australia and parts of Asia have been open for some time, and conditions in the U.S. and parts of Europe are improving, we will continue to support our employees in places like India and Brazil where the situation remains challenging. 
Over the last year, we have been building a blueprint for the future of work at Adobe, which will be hybrid and flexible. In the U.S., we will be piloting a return to our San Jose office, starting with a small group of fully vaccinated employees in July. 
We are committed to leveraging the best of in-person and digital interactions to harness what makes Adobe special, our creativity, innovation and culture, driven by our most important asset, people. 
I want to thank all of our employees for their dedication and resilience during a year that was not only marked by the pandemic, but by violence and racial injustice. I'm proud of the progress we have made in advancing our efforts around diversity, equity and inclusion. We have made strides in our strategy to accelerate the representation, growth and advancement of the black community. 
But as Juneteenth approaches later this week, we know we have so much left to do. As we celebrate Pride Month in June, we're honoring and spotlighting our LGBTQ+ communities, both inside and outside of Adobe. These efforts represent Adobe's long-standing commitment to supporting our diverse employee base and making an impact in the communities where we live and work, a principle, our Co-Founders, Jack Warnock and Chuck Geschke, instilled in us. 
In Q2, we lost our beloved Co-Founder, Chuck Geschke. Chuck left an indelible mark on Adobe, the technology industry and the world. While we miss him tremendously, it gives me great comfort knowing that Chuck was so proud of the company that Adobe has become. 
Adobe's strong culture, revered brand, innovative product road map and the world's best employees, customers and partners position us for continued success in 2021 and beyond. 
John?

Thanks, Keith. As you said, it was really a great quarter, and we actually saw great linearity associated with the Digital Media ARR throughout the quarter as well. And as you know, we have this incredible data-driven operating model that allows us to deal with all packs -- all aspects of the customer funnel from Discover, which is done through our marketing attribution, all the way through usage and engagement. 
In terms of the new customers who are coming on to the platform. Mobile and communicators is the way we define that, Keith, are a significant portion of the new customer base. Specialist, on the other hand, as it relates to 3D&I. Acrobat, as we also mentioned, had a very strong offering. And so I would say the photography and video offerings are really targeting everybody from creative professionals to communicators to consumers, as is Acrobat. But then we're also seeing some really good adoption of Acrobat across the spectrum. 
And in our prepared remarks, the last thing I'd say is we also talked about the revival of the Teams business. And as we all know, the small and medium business segment, I think, was most impacted last year. So really pleased with it, Keith. 
So across product offerings, across geographies and across some of the new businesses and services, as you said, we saw good strength in Q2.

As you point out, Alex, it was a strong quarter. And right through the pandemic, we've been talking about how the interest in our Digital Experience solutions and the belief, when I have conversations with CEOs across every single vertical, is that the only way to engage with customers is going to be digital. And I think people are starting to recognize that, that investment is an investment that they have to pay. So first, I think from a macro perspective, it's clear that digital transformation, and within digital transformation, customer experience management is front and center as something that they want to spend money on. 
The second thing I would say is the execution against our new Experience Platform, and both John and I touched on Customer Journey Analytics and the other services that we're building on top of that. Those are clearly resonating with customers because whether you're B2B or whether you're a B2C, you have to have the ability right now to deliver the personalized experience. So I think the second thing I would say is that the innovation that we're delivering and the fact that we have Summit and the ability to engage with these customers, certainly, I think, was an accelerant for the business. 
The third thing I would say is the ecosystem and the ability of the ecosystem to very quickly ensure that these customers derive value from the investment that we're making, I think that helps both in terms of converting bookings to revenue, but it also helps in terms of growing the book of business with enterprises. So I would speak to all 3 of them. 
I think if you look at our targets as well in terms of the over 20% revenue growth, the close to 25% subscription revenue growth that we are seeing in that business, I think we continue to be optimistic that we have the right product that clearly meets the customer need. And the execution in the company against that business has been strong.

Saket, I think we saw strength across all of the businesses. I would say that single app business, as you know, is a really great initial funnel for us to drive the business. And so we continue to see new adoption as it relates to the single app. And then from a revenue perspective, think of it as the single apps is probably half the business in the quarter, and then we use that as a funnel to drive to the all apps. So I wouldn't say there was really a dramatic difference between Q1 and Q2. I think we just continue to see the trend of attracting new customers. And then from a revenue point of view, certainly, we believe that the Creative Cloud All Apps is where we both derive value for our customers and drive more ARR for us long term.

Well, Tyler, the way I would first start off by answering that question is by talking about the TAM, where I think we keep talking about how big TAM that is for the entire business. And so when you have the kind of $80-plus billion TAM that we have, we just continue to be really optimistic about that business. 
And from my perspective, we have the largest delever that we had. And if you look at the DX business, it's about focus on transformational accounts across all deal bands as well as different segmentation of the market. We tend to think of the corporate market, commercial market and the strategic markets. We're seeing strength across those particular businesses. And as I mentioned earlier to a previous question, the ability to convert bookings into revenue and to upsell them to more. 
What we've done with the Experience Platform and the ability to have all of the new services built on that, it's really very unique in the industry because that's sort of how we look at it. And so you should expect to see again Q4 be sort of the strongest close that typically happens in enterprise software. And we're clearly on track to exceed the target for DX for the entire year when you look at our performance in the first half and our guide for Q3 and John's comment about expecting Q4 to be seasonally strong.

From our perspective, what is most exciting about the Creative Cloud and the Document Cloud business, assuming, Tyler, that your question is about those 2 parts of the business, is it's really new customer acquisition that's really been the driver of that entire business, and we're doing that across different offerings, we're doing that across different geographies. I think the value that we provide to customers, it doesn't matter whether it's an inflationary economy or not, we continue to believe that we're deriving tremendous value for our customers. And so the conversations that happened around Adobe are around the product road map and innovation and attracting new customers way more than trying to, at this point, look at price optimization. And so we have a massive TAM ahead of us. That's really the focus.

I would say, Brent, that clearly, the demand for our solutions and expertise, whether it's on content and commerce, whether it's around data and insights, whether it's around the new workflow stuff that we've done, what's exciting for us is that there's a lot of demand on the ecosystem to have us help them with training. I think you'll periodically see some of them feel like they're capacity constrained, and that's a little bit more as a result of the war for talent. But overall, I think we will continue to help the -- support them in any way. And I think net-net, it's a good sign for the business. 
On the product side, we are going to really make sure that we continue to make it easier to provision, easier to use, easier to get value. And we have been seeing some good customer sentiment associated with our work on that front. So hopefully, that's an isolated incident as it relates to that SI partner's ability to get it, but it's certainly true as it relates to the overall market and the ability and the interest in our solutions. So I think that part is certainly true.

And Brent, maybe I'll just add. When we look at some of the key new categories that we're continuing to invest in and you're seeing the results associated with it, I mean, to your question about the real-time CDP and the associated services, Sign, Stock, Mobile and our mobile offerings, we remarked also about 3D&I and specialist offerings associated with that. And so it really behooves us to continue to, as we always have, judiciously invest in marketing to continue to attract new customers to the platform, which will, again, as John said, be seen on the sales and marketing expense. But net-net, I mean, we're really excited about the growth that we're seeing.

Thanks, Kash. And I love the way all of you so far have been, when we say 1 question, putting in a 3-part question. But Kash, I think...

No, no, no. It's okay. I mean they're all good questions. And so I think first, Kash, on the $40-plus billion TAM. As you know, we have clearly transitioned the business from a Creative Cloud focused customer to just being a Creative Cloud, the communicators, the services that we've added associated with Stock photography and Sign. And I think we continue to have very exciting opportunities in terms of continuing to expand that TAM. And I think it all stems from design and creativity has never been more important, right? 
We talk about how it's the golden age of design and creativity. But for you as a consumer, whether you're interacting with a screen at a terminal or in a retail store or how you order something, I mean, it's all about content creation. And when you think about how much content we've all consumed in the pandemic at home, it's just gone through the roof. And we announced the partnership with Netflix and what we're doing with Khan Academy to make sure content creation is as seamless and productive. So I think that's driving it. And people love to say we want to be in the content and design business to personalize it as well as a career. So I would say that's the first thing that we're certainly seeing. 
International expansion, we've talked about how we continue to focus on international markets. And it originally started with dealing with piracy. But across the small and medium business TAM, as those companies are also creating a marketplace for themselves with our content management solutions, our commerce solutions, content velocity is critical there. So I think all those are clearly tailwinds for the ever-increasing TAM. I think we increased it from $31 billion to $41 billion when we talked about it at the next FA meeting, and we'll certainly update that when we have our next. 
I think as it relates to David, I'm really excited, as I said. David played a significant role in the introduction of Creative Cloud when he was here. And I think the fact that we were able to excite him and recruit him back just, I think, speaks to the tremendous opportunity that he also sees for the business. And from my point of view, we have all of these unicorns within the Creative Cloud. And I'm looking to partner with David, whether it's expanding on our enterprise footprint, whether it's continuing to make sure that we get the opportunity around SAM -- around Sign addressed, what we are doing -- associated with the mobile offerings. I mean each one of these is a large business by itself. And having somebody of his caliber to continue to work with Scott on the product side and Abhay on the Document Cloud side, it's great to have that kind of bench when we have the kind of opportunity that we have. So hopefully, that answers the question around David as well, Kash.

Thanks for your comments on Chuck, Sterling. A number of you, I know, have written to me, which I appreciate, of the impact that each one of you also felt when you interacted with Chuck. So I really have appreciated all of those comments. 
As it relates to the customer experience management question, Sterling, I think we're in the really early innings. We have some tremendous ideas ahead of us. And with Anil Chakravarthy -- I'll touch on a couple. I mean the real-time customer data platform is just really the infrastructure for every engagement that a customer has. We touched on the Journey Optimizer, which is think about optimizing the customer journey across outbound and inbound customer touch points both in physical and electronic, I mean, that's just a massive opportunity in terms of communicating, whether it's by e-mail, whether it's SMS, whether it's any of these new platforms that emerge. 
The Customer Journey Analytics. My perspective on Customer Journey Analytics is we used to do the fantastic job on web analytics, but this is increasingly becoming what is the analytics across all of the different online and off-line data. And it's the way you run a business. And we're living proof of, when we talk about our DDOM, how we can use that. So I think the Customer Journey Analytics is also, in terms of the ideas that we have, on its infancy. 
And maybe the last one I'll touch on is what we've been previewing in terms of this marketing system of record and workflow. Trillions are being spent in marketing, and the process associated with rolling out those campaigns, understanding the efficacy of those campaigns, making those campaigns international, I think that all of that is really, really ahead of us in terms of what we can do. So we're very excited. 
And for all of these companies, as they have to transition with what's happening in browsers and dealing with a first-party data world or dealing with privacy concerns, all of that, frankly, is opportunities for us because we step up and enable them to engage with their customers and focus on their product offering rather than all this other stuff because we know how to do that well.

One last thing maybe on that is the B2B. I think we've always -- most people talk about this and think about the B2C business, Sterling, which is, yes, they understand travel and hospitality. They understand retail. They understand banking. But this is now happening where it doesn't matter what business you're in. The ability to drive from leads to revenue for a B2B business is also digital. 
I mean if you're a company in the pharma industry, and you're not able to go visit doctors and talk to them about the innovation that you're doing, it's going to move digital. So I think there's just so much on that particular front.

I think they're really tied to the macroeconomic environments. And I think you're seeing that the return to work, the macroeconomic environment is coming back stronger than it's been across all of the customer segments. And for us, we don't view ourselves as in terms of the solutions we're providing. These digital are not a stay-at-home or a work kind of solution. They're just mission-critical, irrespective of which you have. 
And so what I think we'll see is that as people come back to work, the small and medium businesses will recognize that it's an opportunity for them to engage. So I think you'll see more investment there. I think you'll see, certainly, as Europe and other parts of those economy open up, that will help. I think Japan, the level of vaccination is low. So I think as they come back to work, that's only going to lead to more optimism. And so I think when you think about consumer confidence and you think about businesses want to invest, I think both of those are only going to be helped by a return to normalcy and a return to work. That's sort of my perspective.

Thanks for the question, Jay. As you know, I can wax eloquent about product stuff for a long time, but let me touch on at least the 2 ones that you did. I think as it relates to the cloud-based content management, the intent is very straightforward, which is how do you transition anybody who wishes to self-provision a cloud-based content offering. And think about it, if you're a small and medium business or if you're a large company trying to do a product campaign, you need to get a website. You need to get it localized. You need to get it up and running. You need to be able to do commerce. 
And so the fact that we've got this easy-to-provision cloud-based content management, which is the leader in the category, but in addition to that, as you mentioned, the APIs now, so people can actually embed these APIs that we have for our content management solution directly in. So we're very excited about that. We mentioned last quarter that it saw significant adoption. And so I think that will continue to be a driver for the business. 
I think as it relates to your other question around what we are doing on the content stack. We've always mentioned that, for us, content and data, the 2 areas where we differentiate ourselves, the asset management problem is still a problem where we have a significant amount of innovation that we're continuing to deliver. And so -- but we're really excited. I mean net-net, I think Anil and the product team on the DX side have outlined a number of initiatives. Other companies talk about a lot of the stuff, but they don't have their products integrated. They don't have the ability to seamlessly provision. And so I think that's where we're going to continue to focus. 
And maybe an underappreciated area, Jay, is how easy these are now to set up and provision and for practitioners of this business, to be really able to do it. 
I think your second question is a very interesting one, which is you're absolutely right, the merchant services ecosystem that Magento has, we've actually done a really good job of building that out. I mean, certainly, companies like PayPal that we've talked about, we've talked about what we can do with FedEx. More recently, there are a number of other such initiatives that are underway, some of which we're not at liberty to talk about [ really ] yet. But I think dealing with payments, dealing with shipping, dealing with working capital, a lot of interesting ideas where we're very well positioned to both deliver value as well as to monetize it.

Yes. The way I would answer the question, first, on the Workfront stuff. I mean it becomes -- we, I think, do a great job of talking to you about how it's going on the integration, and it's going really well. We don't break it out after a while because it's part of so many of these large transformational deals as well as integrated into other solutions. So -- but Workfront is going really well. It's the basis for a lot of the workflow that we're doing across each of our solutions, and we're on track to beat the targets that we gave for Workfront. So I do want to say that, that went well. 
I think as it relates to the overall TAM, which was your second question. We look at it as it's $80-plus billion, so there's plenty of available and I think a lot of legacy software is going to get rolled out. And so for us, it's not just about what the growth rate is in that market. People are going to recognize that having a modern architecture for dealing with consumer engagement is going to become a bigger and bigger imperative. And frankly, the smart companies are opening up their budgets to start to invest in it sooner rather than later, as we said, on B2B and B2C. 
So we're really pleased with the 20%-plus growth that we're seeing. 25 points of subscription revenue growth, we think, is really good. We want to continue to focus on subscription revenue as the true measure of that business. And I think as we continue to deliver on the innovation and product road map, I think we would hope to continue to see those growth rates even as the business grows much larger.

I think as it relates to your first question around Document Cloud. I mean, again, there isn't a business that is not saying, hey, how do we help automate inefficient paper-based processes? And so the value proposition of the PDF file format, the value proposition of Acrobat as an essential productivity tool for knowledge workers, the availability of Sign, what we are doing with forms and embedded payments, I think it's the combination of all of that, whether you're, again, somebody trying to deliver vaccines for employees or somebody trying to create a new travel authorization or expense, 
I mean, documents are the fundamental currency of modern business, and automating that only has value. And I think our team has done a good job. We don't go to market saying, here's a Document Cloud solution or here's an Experience Cloud solution. We go in saying, here's the use case for if you're in travel and hospitality or retail or financial services or pharma. And I would say government and health care have also become larger customers of these kinds of solutions because of the necessity for regulated industries who previously may have relied on paper to say, you know what, we need to get into the modern era and deal with electronic documents. So I would say those are all the reasons, and good execution clearly on the part of our team as we are selling increasingly at a much higher level in all of these companies. 
I'll let John speak, and then I'll come for the close, given this is the last question.

And thank you all for joining us. I think from my perspective, I'm really pleased with our performance in Q2. It was an outstanding quarter. And to the question that was asked earlier, with many parts of the world returning to some sense of normalcy, that should only be good for our business because digital is this incredible tailwind where it's just a one-way street in terms of people wanting to invest. 
We do expect, therefore, a slight seasonality associated with our business, but we definitely have an expectation of a strong finish. And if you look at our first half performance, if you look at our targets for Q3 and the belief in the seasonally strong Q4 finish, it's going to be another outstanding year where we are going to exceed a lot of the targets that we talked about, if not all, at the beginning of the year. 
We're driving bookings. We're driving revenue performance from bookings as a result of making sure people get value for it. We're driving a lot of new businesses that have become material in the company. And so the breadth of our portfolio is impressive because digital is not just a nice to have. It's become super critical. 
And as I've always said, having 3 areas of explosive growth puts us in really rarefied atmosphere. And growing 20% plus on the top line, growing the bottom line as impressively as we have with strong cash flow, I think, really demonstrates how we're driving value for our customers and value for our shareholders. 
So thank you for joining us today, and have a great summer. And with that, I'll pass it back to Jonathan.