Good morning, and thanks, Jonathan. Welcome to this Virtual 2022 Financial Analyst Meeting. Adobe had another outstanding year in 2021. I'm incredibly proud of the dedication and resilience of Adobe's 25,000 employees all around the world in delivering breakthrough technologies for our customers. 
I'd like to start with a recap of the tremendous accomplishments we had across every dimension in 2021. 
As a product geek at heart, I take immense pride in our team driving hundreds of innovations across Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Earlier this week, we introduced Creative Cloud Express to enable anyone to express their ideas simply and beautifully. Creative Cloud Express is the start of a brand-new journey, to introduce first-time creators to Adobe Creative tools while adding significant value to all of our current Creative Cloud subscribers. I think it marks a new chapter of creation, collaboration and sharing on the web and leverages the unique technology and capabilities of Adobe's flagship products. It also builds on the collaboration capabilities we debuted at MAX, including Illustrator and Photoshop on the web, Creative Cloud spaces and Creative Cloud Canvas. 
With the addition of Frame.io, we're now incorporating review and approval functionality to deliver a powerful collaboration platform for end-to-end video collaboration. And we're continuing to add magic to our flagship applications, and we're enabling them to run natively on new hardware like Apple's M1 chip as well as Microsoft Windows' Surface and Pen. 
In Document Cloud, Acrobat web now supports 21 frictionless verbs: create, export, extract and edit for both text and images in PDF. We've seen tremendous growth in Acrobat online as people tap our powerful, free browser-based document tools to handle important tasks on the fly without the need to download any software. In addition, we made outstanding progress with PDF support within both the Chrome as well as Edge browsers. 
And on the Experience Cloud platform, we extended our real-time customer data platform to B2B customers, bringing together individual and account profiles across systems to give B2B companies a single view of their customer for the very first time. We launched Adobe Journey Optimizer, harnessing over 20 years of industry-leading e-mail marketing and cross-channel campaign management expertise to empower brands to design and deliver personalized experiences across the entire customer journey in a single application. 
With the new acquisition of Adobe Workfront, we're now empowering companies to optimize business outcomes by connecting creative and marketing professionals to manage all creative workflows across the entire marketing life cycle. In addition, we've advanced our industry leadership in key areas across our portfolio. Clearly, underpinning our 3 clouds is the magic and power of Adobe Sensei, our artificial intelligence and machine learning framework, a significant differentiator for Adobe and an enabler to more rapid innovation. 
We continued our investment in the Adobe Experience platform as the foundational platform for strong governance capabilities across our Experience Cloud business, accelerating innovations like real-time customer data platform and Adobe Journey optimizer on a global scale. We take our responsibility in the creative community very seriously. And as part of the content authenticity initiative, we published a draft specification as an open standard to combat online disinformation. 
I'm amazed with the resiliency of our employees, and we pioneered all new digital event experiences with Adobe Summit and Adobe Max, extending our reach and engaging millions of people around the world. I'm also tremendously proud of the industry recognition we continue to receive for our brand, our workplace, our culture and our practices. And just to name a few examples. We were again named [ top ] riser on Interbrand's Best Global Brands list. We're named to Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For for the 21st year; People Magazine's Companies that Care list for the fifth year; Fast Company's Brands that Matter list. And I think what's most significant for a lot of investors moving forward, The Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the fifth year. And one that I'm particularly proud of, a 100% score for being the best place to work for disability inclusion. 
When you look at our financial results, it puts us in an incredibly rare position in the industry. Not many companies can drive the top line and bottom line growth with an impressive margin the way we do, and we powered through $15 billion in 2021. And we accomplished some significant milestones in Q4, our first $1 billion digital experience revenue quarter, our first $3 billion digital media, and $2 billion in cash flow, just some incredible financial statistics. 
Dan Durn, our new CFO, will cover our Q4 as well as our FY '21 results in greater detail. Since he joined Adobe in October, I've really appreciated his experience and partnership, and I look forward to him sharing his perspective as well as having significant impact on Adobe's growth in the decade to come. 
I'm also delighted to announce that Anil Chakravarthy and David Wadhwani have been promoted to the President of the Digital Experience and Digital Media businesses, respectively. I value their leadership and contributions, and they will share more color around each of our businesses. 
While 2021 was awesome. I'm actually most excited about what's to come for 2022 and beyond in the over 20 years that I've been at Adobe. We have this immense market opportunity. We have an incredible technology innovation road map and the best leadership team of any company on the planet. And I think what we've done is provided 2022 targets that demonstrate the strength of the underlying business. 3 incredibly large-growing opportunities across our clouds, continued focus on execution based on the current economic climate. I think the one change that we all are experiencing is as the company scales beyond $15 billion, we also have to focus on FX expectations given the recent strength of the U.S. dollar. 
But as excited as I am to talk about 2022. Today is really sharing about Adobe's tremendous growth story and how we're going to be driving the next decade of growth because that's really what underpins our growing over $200 billion addressable market opportunity. As you'll hear throughout the day from our leadership team, our growth is anchored across these 5 key pillars: our proven track record and our focus on creating and leading categories; the ever-increasing expanding set of customers that we serve, from consumers to creative pros to first-time creators to small and medium businesses to the largest enterprises in the world; our ability to deliver incredible technology platforms that enable whole new classes of applications and accelerate our innovative cadence; the important shift we continue to make from building applications to enabling new business models apps, services, artificial intelligence and platforms that's paying dividends; and last but not least, an incredible global ecosystem of partners that spans the entire customer life cycle, from experience creation and marketing, to delivery and ongoing support. 
And I think the message for you as investors is across every dimension, across every business, our aspirations are higher, and we're thinking bigger. There's this incredible once-in-a-lifetime expansive opportunity in front of us, and I think we're uniquely positioned to capture it. 
And now to provide color on the strategy on how we're going to expand markets and categories, I'd like to welcome Ann Lewnes, who recently celebrated his 15th year at Adobe; our incredible Chief Marketing Officer, who's also taken on the additional responsibility for corporate strategy. Ann?

Thank you, Dan, and thanks as well to Ann, Anil and David for outlining the opportunities across our 3 industry-leading clouds. As I said earlier, I'm incredibly excited about Adobe's future and our ability to not only lead but also create new categories.
I think if you zoom out a little bit and think about it from a macro perspective, all over the world, it's clear that digital is empowering individuals, transforming businesses and connecting communities. And frankly, digital is going to play a much bigger role in work, life and entertainment going forward. 
We've seen the rise of the creator economy and the democratization of creativity. Work and education are now hybrid and here to stay in that form. Cloud and web technology advances are powering unprecedented levels of real-time collaboration. Document workflows are increasingly going to be automated. And most important, the mandate for our digital business is more urgent than ever before as customers now expect digital-first experiences that are both contextual as well as personalized. 
E-commerce growth is building on the record highs achieved during the pandemic. From a technology base, artificial intelligence and machine learning have become indispensable facilitators of our daily lives. And so I think, in short, digital technologies are enabling more people to create, collaborate, learn, work, be productive and make a living than ever before. 
I love our mission, and the ability to change the world through digital experiences puts us at the nexus of all of these trends. We're incredibly well positioned to drive meaningful impact across every aspect of society, and that will benefit billions of people around the world for years to come.
As we think about the company at Adobe, we believe it's not just what we do, but it's also how you do that it really matters. From the very beginning, John Warnock and Chuck Geschke, our founders, committed to building a company that does the right thing. And the sense of purpose has guided our evolution and growth over the past 4 decades. I think we're all witnessing the shift in the role that companies have to play in social issues and the expectations that stakeholders and investors have for corporations.
As you reflect on how companies have responded to the COVID-19 pandemic. It's been remarkable with that stakeholders around the world are looking to the private sector to become more active in social issues, and people are making decisions on the products that they buy and the places that they work based on where companies stand.
As our products have become ubiquitous and we've helped many more companies harness the transformative power of our digital technologies, our responsibility and our commitment to corporate citizenship has also grown dramatically. And I believe that the issues on which Adobe is uniquely positioned to make an impact are on Adobe For All making sure we create a diverse and inclusive culture for our employees as well as position that for our customers and partners. On the belief that technology will transform and in addition to providing technology, we have a responsibility to understand what that means. And I think most important to being able to allow everyone who has a story to tell their story, the notion of creativity for all.
The reality is that we've been leaning into these for several areas already, and our efforts are making a real impact across the company and our customer communities for many years. But I think it's this purpose that motivates our employees to focus on having more impact and, frankly, inventing the future.
I love the fact that our strategy has remained relatively consistent for the past decade. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, to accelerate document productivity and to power digital businesses is more mission-critical than ever before. I think most companies would be thrilled, frankly, to have one of these growth opportunities. And we're fortunate that we have 3 businesses that are absolutely in the sweet spot of where the world needs technology to play a more important role. We have the right strategy. It's applied to an exceptional and growing opportunity, and so we're in no way opportunity constrained.
I'm going to end with how I started. I believe that Adobe is uniquely positioned to drive the next decade of growth. We have a proven capability to create and lead categories, and we're always looking around the corner to the white space that exists that will provide new opportunities for Adobe.
We're thinking bigger about every part of our business, how we scale and how we expand the customers that we serve. We continue to focus on innovation, delivering leading products, services and platforms as we leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning. We're continuously thinking about innovating in business models as well to rapidly deliver more value to a larger set of customers, to capitalize on global growth opportunities and to enable new monetization models that are emerging. And at the end of the day, our technology support a vibrant and growing ecosystem of partners that create, customize and extend our solutions to meet the unique needs of our joint customers.
But at the end of the day, our greatest asset as being an intellectual property company and what's truly driving our growth is a highly engaged global employee base, over 25,000 strong to whom I'm eternally grateful.
Thank you again for joining us today. I believe 2021 was a fantastic year, and we clearly expect that momentum to continue in 2022 and beyond. As we look forward to our 40th anniversary next year, Adobe stands in an enviable position, an impressive track record of innovation, category and brand leadership, great financial performance and multiple growth opportunities. Coupled with the expanding market opportunity, the depth of our technology platforms and the motivated employee base, I certainly believe that Adobe's best days are ahead of us.
And with that, we'll roll a video while we assemble the management team for our Q&A.
[Presentation]

Okay. Are we on for Q&A? Great. I know we're on for Q&A. Before we get started, let me introduce 2 other members of the executive team who are also here with us to answer the questions that you might have. Gloria Chen, our Chief Human Resources Officer, who has also run strategy in the past, as it relates to any questions that people have about the pandemic or what we are doing with our global employee base, how do we continue to make sure we ensure that we have the best talented and motivated employees; and Scott Belsky, our Chief Product Officer of Creative Cloud, frankly, the visionary behind all of the great innovation that we're delivering across desktop, mobile, collaboration, including the new web-related functionality that we showed at MAX as well as what we did with Creative Cloud Express.
And so with that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan to help navigate the Q&A.

Why don't I start with that, Saket, and then I'll certainly have others add? I mean as we look at the Digital Media ARR accomplishment over the quarter. Firstly, it was a record quarter as well as it was a record year. And when we think about what our digital media guide was, I mean we certainly expected Frame to close in the quarter, and it closed pretty early in the quarter. And so what we do is we think about a range of outcomes and what that might do, and certainly, we wanted to focus on Frame as well, but it was probably not explicitly factored into the quarter.
When you consider it from different customer segments, the team business actually performed really well right through the quarter. And so the team's offering and the strength in the small and medium business was great.
Enterprise, we actually actively redirected and pivoted the team to think about video and Frame and how we were continuously selling it. As I said, it closed early in the quarter. And so Enterprise had the traditional Q4 strength as well that we normally expect. 
The individual demand was actually fairly strong right through the year. As Dan mentioned, maybe the one slight change is that as you think about what's happening with online shopping, while we continue to see demand up and to the right, we perhaps did not see as much of the spike as you would have perhaps seen traditionally in either the Black Friday or the Cyber Monday weeks. But apart from that, strength and demand continues to be strong. And clearly, we factored that into our guidance for fiscal 2022, which is the strongest ARR guide that we've ever guided to.
I think as it relates to the product and the differentiation, maybe I'll have Scott touch on that, and then David can certainly speak to other issues of the business.

Yes, Alex, I mean I'll take that. And if you think about it, first, as you know, people who've covered us for a long time, we take our guidance very seriously. And let me maybe roll back a little bit to what we accomplished in 2020 and then how we guided for 2021. 
As you know, we guided a little bit below what our 2020 guidance was in 2021 when we started. And we certainly outperformed that guidance as it relates to Digital Media ARR accomplishment in 2021. And if you look at how we've guided for 2022, it's actually a little bit closer to our 2021 guide as a starting point. And so clearly, we continue to be incredibly optimistic associated with the underlying strength of the business. The overall need for creativity just continues.
We don't believe in any way, shape or form, there were sort of pull-ins, and I know that sort of exists for other companies. We just continue to see secular strength and some of the new initiatives that we have underway. I mean we've really pivoted the team to be thinking about enterprise and video. We have Creative Cloud Express. The usage is going to build dramatically. We already have the largest communicator business, I think, among the creative community. So we're incredibly optimistic about how that business looks. 
And then if you look at it from a quarterization perspective. Again, let's just go back and look at what we guided in Q1 of 2021. As you know, when we guided to a number, we were factoring in the $24 million that we outlined was an additional part of what we accomplished as part of the 13 versus 14 week. And so if you look at it, it's very much in line. In other words, the trends of the business continue, and the optimism in the business continues. So that's how I would think about it, Alex.

Yes. We see a lot of momentum. The market, clearly, customers are looking at us and saying, they have the right vision and we have the right product to really think about a range of use cases that's supported by the Adobe Experience platform. And we've done a really nice job of integrating our applications with the Adobe Experience Platform so that you were able to populate the data from our analytics platform and then use the data for activation across all kinds of channels.
So in terms of scale, in terms of performance, in terms of the range of use cases, data governance, et cetera, it's really enterprise-ready right now. And enterprises are beginning to see that this is at the heart of their digital experience and their digital customer engagement. So we feel like we're in a really good place right now with that.

Maybe I'll start, Keith, and then David, certainly, you can add to it. If you take a step back, I think this just speaks to the enormous opportunity that exists for creators. And if you look at our offerings already today, Keith, I mean, we have an incredible diversity of offerings. We have Photoshop Express on mobile that's doing great as it relates to the ARR. And we have the Creative Cloud product that also allows now the substance 3D products, that's probably the most expensive.
And so I think with online and our DDOM, we now have absolutely the ability to target and personalize our offerings against a broader set of customers and to make sure that we make it all net positive and net from a customer satisfaction as well as a net positive from the ARR that we accomplished.
A couple of other things. I mean first, our creative business with the communicator segment is already the largest creative business in the world. I mean, when you think about what's happening with Photoshop or Lightroom or the Express set of products. And I think what Express really does is it actually adds value to every single creative cloud subscriber. I mean they are creative cloud subscribers who are incredibly proficient in video who sometimes want to do a quick flyer associated with it. And so I think this brings more and more and more people into the fold. It's similar, frankly, to what we've done with the Document Cloud, where when you think about what's happening with this organic demand that we've created for PDF. And so net-net, I think it's accretive. 
And then I'll hand it over to David to speak specifically about how this might roll out, but it is actually an enabler for us, and it unifies, frankly, all of the different creative offerings that we've already had for the communicator segment.

Yes. Certainly, Keith. We've talked about price optimization being it. I mean, for the first time, as you saw with the 3D products, we did not include it as part of Creative Cloud all applications because of the value. But certainly, I think as we get a better feel for all of the different offerings that we have, there are some offerings that are probably underpriced relative to the value that they're providing.
But our focus just continues to be attract more people to the platform and deliver more product value. Scott, were you going to add something on Creative Cloud?

And Kirk, if I were to add a little bit more to that. I mean when you take a step back and think about what we've accomplished, we created the digital marketing category, and we said there's a much larger opportunity as it relates to this customer experience management.
The innovation that went into the building of the experience platform and the unification, frankly, of everything that Anil has talked about, whether it's content and commerce, whether it's data and insights, whether it's the marketing flow associated with Workfront, which is also doing well, there really isn't another company that enables somebody, whether you're the marketer, the Chief Revenue Officer, the Chief Digital Officer, to very quickly say, I want to get all my data, whether it's online or off-line, into one particular place. And even more important, to activate it. And so I think from my perspective, the momentum associated with having this unified platform and you can get customers really up and running so rapidly, that's pretty amazing.
The second thing I would say is that we've done a really good job with the Digital Strategy Group as well as what Anil had outlined earlier about these transformative accounts. And so again, as we shared in the data, the ability to sell multiple solutions, the ability to upsell, the ability to co-sell, I think that also gives us a lot of confidence that now we have the platform, we have the apps and services on it, we have the AI associated with it. And I think if you take a step back, there isn't a company that doesn't want to talk to us about, a, Adobe, how did you do it? And b, how do we really make sure that we can get this up and running and activate it faster. 
So I really hope in 2022, you'll see how we make increasing progress in terms of not only just the selling, but the provisioning and, frankly, the value realization. And I think we've done a good job on that front as well under Anil's leadership.

And maybe, Mark, I'll just add a couple of things to that. First is, as Dan tells me, which is, first, welcome to the big leagues. And so I guess when you're $15 billion of revenue, it's neither practical, and it's, frankly, too expensive to hedge all the FX exposure that you were accustomed to maybe we're doing. 
So if you strip out that FX part, and if you think about ARR, just very tactically to be clear. What we do is we have an ARR at the beginning of the year. With the strength of the dollar in November, you could argue it's the hardest compare on a pure FX. And then we both devalue the beginning book of business on ARR, and then we are using that dollar rate for the ARR for the quarter.
And so then, again, if you think about it, at a $1.9 billion guide that we have for ARR, clearly, the underlying strength of business and the units, that is not what's impacting the business. So just I think that's the other way that I unpack what was the impact of FX as well as to specifically tell you how we take the dollar rate at the beginning of the year for the ARR calculation.

Gregg, we had a phenomenal quarter in Document Cloud. I think we had record net new ARR, $141 million in net new ARR for the Document Cloud, I think. The team has done a really good job of integrating that. So maybe I'll have David speak a little bit to how just integrating Sign as well into the Acrobat business as one of the verbs is really, I think, helping really make it more pervasive. David?

And maybe just one last thing to add on that, Gregg. I mean, one of the exciting things that, again, I think the team has done is now this extension that we have in Chrome as well as what we are doing, and we announced the extension of the partnership with Microsoft.
So again, I think the distribution of Adobe PDF with all the magic that we have with liquid mode in mobile and Sign. I think that just really enables us given we have the APIs and the developer motions to really even further extend that. But this notion of automating document workflows is just going to continue to go up into the right.

I think 60 comes after 50, Brent, if you're thinking about numbers on that scale. We have, as Dan said, such incredible opportunities. And one of the statistics that he showed, that was really, hopefully, Brent, and you know us, how we think about the business is, which is we are investing in these long-term really growth rates, but we've been able to do all these acquisitions and really do a fantastic job of keeping our margin.
And so I think it, again, is all about the growth opportunity. You know it. We have an unbelievable leverage model. And so the leverage model will demonstrate itself. And if you look at our 2022 targets, it actually continues to show a lot of optimism in what we can do. I think Frame.io is a little dilutive. And again, as we said, some of these things, the Experience Cloud and what we are doing with getting more experience cloud adoption globally, what we are doing around Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and Creative Cloud Express, I mean, we want to make sure that we are spending wisely and is the expert on attribution not just within the company but in the world, and so we'll continue to do it.
But we do believe that -- and this is a question that you've also asked in the past, which is the value that customers are getting, is there an ability to continue to drive higher price offerings. And all of them are there. I mean we're just excited about all of these different things. But I won't count on 50 anytime soon right now. I'd rather count on accelerated growth, Brent.

Brent, so let me maybe again touch a little bit on the Adobe Digital Index and then I'll come back to our business. If you look at the Adobe Digital Index, what has clearly happened over the last 12 months, 18 months, even pre-pandemic, but certainly during the pandemic is there's more and more activity happening online. That is a secular trend that's actually not going to change. We see it. There's more energy, there's more traffic, there's more activity associated with what's going online. 
If you look at what I think a lot of companies are looking at, the traditional spikes that you may have seen. A couple of weeks, the Black Friday week or the Cyber Monday week. I think those are maybe a little bit more muted because it's a little bit more of that traffic. You're seeing actually a steady growth as opposed to those spikes.
So if I take a step back and think about our Digital Media business teams and the small and medium business, nice performance. If I look at the enterprise, as I said, traditional close to the quarter. If I look at the individual business, a little bit of those spikes that we would have seen, we did see growth. We did see growth in both of those weeks, but it was perhaps a little bit less than that. And then you're back to, again, the secular demand.
So as I think about the business. It's not about the long-term demand. It's not about the market leadership of our products. I think it's just a little bit of how maybe online shopping globally has changed a little bit in terms of what the experience is. So that's what I attribute it to.
And we're back on Q1, look at our guide and let's go execute against the opportunities that we have. So I'll really point to a little bit of those couple of weeks. And it's not just Adobe. It's certainly represented. If you look at the Adobe Digital Index and what we thought was the growth rate going to be for the entire community and how that got a little muted. So that's the way I would look at it.

Well, thanks for the question, Kash. And before I get to the metaverse, maybe the one thing we didn't quite cover is if you look at the big trends that people are talking about, Kash, the one thing we're maybe not in is EVs and batteries, right? So that's perhaps the one area of digital that Adobe is still not really involved in.
As I think about web 3D and as I think about the metaverse, what it really means and implies is that things that you were accustomed to doing in the physical world, increasingly more and more of that, you're going to do in the virtual world. And so if you think about it that way, whether you're doing shopping, whether you're playing games, whether you're creating, co-creating with other people, whether you're expanding it, the aspect of creating all of that metaverse worlds, what a better company in the planet than Adobe to be able to do that. So that's at 1 dimension, which is this exponential need for content is only going to increase.
I think the other way I think about what's happening in the metaverse, and if you think about it from that point of view, is where prior only physical goods in creativity were deemed worthy of buying, I think now, even all these virtual goods are going to have a value associated with it. And so when you think about what's happening with NFTs and blockchain. Again, Adobe, I think, is incredibly well positioned. We've already demonstrated some leadership in that with what we've done in Photoshop. And so I think the commerce aspects associated with not just large businesses, and we talked about the large businesses. But even individual businesses, I think Adobe is uniquely positioned.
I think opportunities like that, adobe is probably a little bit more conservative than others in order to -- in terms of putting it directly in our forecast for the year. But make no mistake. I mean, we're thinking about how these new opportunities, the fact that we bought a 3D company a while ago, the fact that we have Aero, and we're working with all of the OS providers in terms of thinking about augmented reality and virtual reality. We're absolutely in the middle of it. We're not just counting it in terms of what happens in terms of revenue off the top.
But if you take even more of a step and go to your question associated with how do we think about the opportunity, I will actually say, Kash, as we were all preparing as a group to prepare this, we had so much material. And we were talking about how do we try and condense it.
So I really hope you look at what Jonathan forced us to do, which is the deck has so much more information in it. We were trying to really provide sort of an abstract of all of that material. And I think it just reflects the interest that we have. I mean all 3 of our businesses, and let's go maybe digital experience. We've been talking about that for a while. And you're seeing just some tremendous adoption of our solutions in that. Digital is only going to go up and to the right, and I think Adobe is incredibly well positioned.
The real-time customer data platform, the experience platform, how we've unified our products, it actually reminds me of the really heavy lifting that we did many years ago, in what we did on our content creation tools with the unified profiles and the data and insights to deliver value to our customers. So it feels really good.
I think what we are doing around Document Cloud, on the web, across surfaces, PDF, liquid mode in terms of the AI, we're really spending a lot of time thinking about how businesses are going to automate, what it means to have a hybrid work environment, which is clearly a big trend and really making sure that we unify that with respect to our innovation. So really fantastic job by the teams there across all surfaces.
And certainly, Creative Cloud, the heritage of the company, this notion of everyone who has a story to tell, I actually tend to think of it as the web's now come alive. The web's now come alive. And perhaps one of the things we didn't talk about, the biggest asset, even on the web, is Adobe's file formats. So the ability to deal with the Photoshop file format. The ability to deal with Illustrator for logos. The ability to deal within Design, if you want to create these flyers. And actually for the creative community to participate in this massive community that's being created, we've done all the heavy lifting that now makes that magic possible. And we have a broader set of offerings than ever before in terms of being able to target people. Wherever you are in the world, we have pricing flexibility, and we have a DDOM that allows us to do it.
So I just take a step back and look at it and say, "You know what? Adobe is really uniquely positioned." We have a fabulous team. We didn't talk enough about that. Certainly, my colleagues here and Dana, who's not on the stage, but our GC as an executive team as well as the 25,000 employees, don't take for granted what we have in terms of this motivated stuff.
And so I just look at it and say, we're focused on top line growth. To the questions that Brent and others ask, we're always going to be focused on making sure that we have profitable growth and focus on the margin as well. But I think just uniquely excited about the opportunities that we have.
The one thing I missed is unfortunately we're not all together. And please stay safe, stay healthy during this holiday season. I think that's the really important thing. But as a management team and as an employee base, I could not be more excited about the future that Adobe has. 
And so thank you very much all of you for joining us virtually, and thank you for the team for all of the work that went into the preparation. Have a nice day.