Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. 
Q3 was a record quarter for Adobe with strong revenue and continued growth across our entire business. We delivered $2.83 billion in revenue in Q3, representing 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $1.61, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.05. 
Adobe's strategy to empower people to create and transform how businesses compete is fueling our continued success. The ability to deliver a personalized relationship with every customer using digital technology is a mandate for every business. Internal efficiency, including a paper-to-digital revolution, is critical to achieving that imperative. In addition, design and creativity has never been more relevant. Everyone has a story to tell from professional photographers, to immersive content and experienced designers, to students and small business owners, and they need to tell it on an ever-increasing number of canvases. Adobe is innovating to expand these market opportunities, and customers around the globe continue to count on Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud to run their businesses, transform how they work and bring their creative ideas to life. 
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q3. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $386 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $7.86 billion. Q3 Creative revenue was $1.65 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth. 
Creative Cloud is the creativity platform for all. Through a relentless focus on innovation across different media types, devices and segments, Creative Cloud has become the one-stop shop for creative applications and services as well as the leading source for creative inspiration, learning, training and community. 
Our goal is to ensure that Creative Cloud applications and services make every creative possibility a reality for every one of our customers. Adobe's vision is that mobile devices and tablets should be used for creation in addition to consumption. Adobe Lightroom, our complete system for photo editing, achieved significant growth on mobile devices with Q3 monthly active users growing 130% year-over-year. In Q3, new Adobe IDs created from Adobe mobile apps rose more than 40% year-over-year, showing that mobile continues to be a healthy on-ramp for subscriptions. 
In Q3, we announced Adobe Fresco, a groundbreaking drawing and painting app, which will be available first on iPad later this fall. Fresco digitally reimagines the process that artists have traditionally used, whether it's chalk, pastels, oil or watercolor paint. Like Photoshop transformed and democratized photography, we believe Fresco will change how artists use digital to draw and illustrate. Apple will feature Fresco in hundreds of its retail stores as part of its iPad Pro Big Draw campaign. 
At Adobe, we believe that creative skills should be a core part of school curricula and that STEAM, not just STEM, should be a focus in education. We've expanded our Adobe Ambassador Network to target more than 100 colleges across the country where students evangelize creativity and lead on-campus workshops to help fellow students learn to use Adobe Creative products. Last week, we launched a new program with Reddit to encourage young creators to contribute their personal designs to a giant global canvas on the Reddit front page. This was the biggest community event on Reddit based on total contributions and participation. These types of partnerships give us an opportunity to introduce Creative Cloud to millions of next-generation creators. 
Adobe MAX is the world's largest creativity conference. In November, we'll welcome our global creative community and partners, more than 15,000 live attendees and nearly 1 million virtual attendees and unveil significant new Adobe Creative Cloud innovation. 
With Document Cloud, we are accelerating the transformation of paper-to-digital processes and reinventing how people scan, edit, collaborate, sign and share digital documents. Q3 Document Cloud revenue and net new ARR were records for a quarter, and we grew total Document Cloud ARR to $993 million. Key Document Cloud customer wins in Q3 included Deutsche Bank, Saudi Aramco, Dell and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. As with our Creative products, our Document Cloud customers increasingly expect business processes to be seamless across desktop and mobile devices. 
In Q3, more than 2.5 billion PDFs were opened in Adobe Reader on mobile devices. Adobe Scan, which has become the top document scanning app for both iOS and Android, has close to 35 million installs with downloads increasing more than 30% year-over-year in Q3. Strong uptake of our Document Cloud mobile applications as well as continued strength in Acrobat subscription adoption is driving momentum in the business. In addition, we launched new web-based services that offer instant access to Adobe PDF creation and compression capabilities from any browser. We believe these services are not only relevant to individuals looking to quickly get work done but also developers who need to build best-in-class PDF document support into their web applications. We are investing in creative marketing campaigns to drive awareness of these capabilities and target new users. 
Adobe Sign, our leading cloud-based electronic signature solution, continues to gain traction among businesses and organizations. This quarter, we introduced Adobe Sign for small business, providing small and mid-market businesses enterprise-level e-signature capabilities. 
In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $821 million for the quarter, which represents 34% year-over-year growth. Our vision is to help every business become an experienced business. This means enabling them to deliver engaging experiences that anticipate and meet the needs of their customers at every stage of their journey from acquisition to purchase and renewal. We believe customer experience management is a significant growth opportunity for Adobe. Experience Cloud is the industry's most comprehensive offering, providing content and commerce, customer journey management and customer data and insights to power experience-driven businesses across all industries. In Q3, Experience Cloud was named a Leader in 7 Gartner Magic Quadrant and Forrester Wave reports. Key Experience Cloud wins in Q3 included Delta Airlines, T-Mobile, Capital One and Best Western.
We are the undisputed leader in this large and growing market, and we continue to expand the opportunity in front of us, extending our footprint from B2C to B2B, from enterprise to mid-market and from the CMO to the CIO, CTO and CEO. Content and commerce are the foundation for every digital business. We continue to drive strong performance with Adobe Experience Manager for multichannel experience delivery. Through integration with Magento Commerce, we are making every experience shoppable. This has led to strong performance of our integrated content and commerce offering and Magento Commerce bookings growth of more than 40% year-over-year in Q3. 
Multichannel campaign management is another differentiated pillar of the Adobe Experience Cloud. The integration of Marketo with Adobe Campaign gives Adobe the industry's strongest offering in the customer journey management and orchestration space across both B2B and B2C. 
Earlier this year, we introduced Adobe Experience platform, the industry's first real-time platform for customer experience management. Adobe Experience platform will solve a critical challenge every enterprise is facing: how to harness massive amounts of valuable customer data that is siloed and not easily accessible or actionable. Adobe Experience platform stitches together data from across the enterprise, creating real time unified customer profiles, enabling the activation and delivery of hyper-personalized experiences. 
By combining Adobe Experience platform with Adobe Analytics, Adobe Audience Manager and our new real-time customer data platform or CDP, we are creating a new comprehensive customer data and insights offering for the digital enterprise that is unmatched. Adobe Experience platform has been several years in the making, and we've seen tremendous enthusiasm from customers for this solution with multiple pilot deployments already in market. We continue to be the leader in customer experience management, which has a TAM of more than $70 billion by 2021. While we experienced some bookings delays in Q3, our robust product road map and customer pipeline positions us for multiple years of strong growth. 
At Adobe, we continue to invest in our employees, who are the heart and soul of our company. Last week at our annual Adobe For All Summit, we reaffirmed global gender pay parity for our workforce and shared new details and data on our opportunity parity initiative, which examines fairness in promotion rates and access to new opportunities for our employees. Adobe is the leader in several large and growing categories: creativity, digital documents and customer experience management. We remain excited about the opportunities in front of us and confident in our ability to drive strong top line and bottom line growth. 
John?

Great. Keith, as you pointed out, it was a strong quarter. We were pleased with the growth across the businesses. Since I suspect that there'll be a couple of people asking about Digital Experience, let me go into a little bit more color on that particular opportunity. And let me clarify that, that wasn't any impact associated with macro. The interest from enterprises, all sizes, different verticals in our comprehensive solutions remains incredibly strong. And even if you look at the targets that we've provided, it's clear that we are delivering strong revenue growth while actually accelerating the subscription bookings year-over-year on what is a much larger book of business because we do an apples-to-apples comparison. 
I think as you think about Q3, it's clear we have leading solutions in the first mile and the last mile. So Adobe Experience Manager, Campaign and Magento had strong growth. The Magento acquisition has been viewed extremely well by customers. It's clearly very strategic, and we grew the book of business greater than 40% in Q3 and actually have done a really good job of taking Magento into the enterprise. The other part that we're absolutely clear about is that there's a new generation of enterprise software that's going to emerge, which will be required to digitally engage with customers across all these multiple channels. What it has to do is deliver first-mile content experiences, that's the content and commerce piece. It has to segment audiences now in real time across multiple channels. You have to do customer journey management and orchestration, and you have to provide data and insights to enable these AI services. 
We've been focused on this opportunity just like we created the Digital Marketing category, we believe this is absolutely crucial for the experience business. And so we build the Adobe Experience Platform from scratch to deliver what we call DDOM in terms of how we run our own digital business. Customers are really excited. It's the first software actually that exist that's designed to specifically integrate the needs of the CMO, the Chief Revenue Officer and the CIO. So our strategy with the Adobe Experience Platform is that we want to actually augment the Analytics capability, the Audience Manager capability with what we are doing with these new services as well as the real-time CDP in the market. We're really excited about the multiple installations that we have as well as the interest globally. You can argue we were maybe a tad aggressive, Keith, about the timing adoption. But this pace shift that we've seen in no way diminishes the magnitude of the opportunity or my belief in the lead that we have. 
And so as I think about the business, as we think about the targets, we're leading in this particular category. We saw, as I said, some delays in the bookings, but that has in no way changed our excitement and optimism about the business. So hopefully, that gives you some color associated with each of the businesses. The last thing I would say is that we talked about Marketo specifically. And there, I would say our natural inclination was to perhaps focus our aspirations on the enterprise business, serve our existing customers. That's going well. Mid-market continues to be a huge growth opportunity. We have the leading product in that space. And much like we drove growth in the Magento business, our focus will now be the same on Magento as well as Marketo. And so we've created a unified organization. It's going to drive aligned demand generation, customer support. We have the right individuals in the field that's organized the right way, so I'm excited about that as well. I know I was a little long, but I thought I'd just give you color associated with all of those businesses. And again, the Adobe Experience Platform, that is really our platform that deals with the future of what we are doing around analytics services, what we are doing around campaign services. And so when bookings are light, you'll certainly see some impact on consulting as well.

Sure, Kirk. And yes, when we look at Digital Media ARR both across the creative as well as the document business, we just continue to see strength. If you look at our targets for the combined year, I mean, it's clear that driving approximately $1.6 billion of net new Digital Media ARR, creativity and design have never been important. A couple of points. The first is mobile. What we've been doing with the mobile applications and having mobile be in on-ramp, especially in international as well as key emerging markets, what we've seen with the Lightroom system that we've developed, photography is such a universal phenomenon, and Lightroom is a great product. So we're driving adoption across a couple of dimensions. The first is the number of people who come in from mobile and only buy a mobile subscription through an app store, the people who come in through mobile but then realized that there's more to Adobe's Creative offerings and then come in and download a desktop application as well as then adopt it. We're seeing significant growth for Document Cloud also in these international markets as they are migrating from the perpetual version of the product as well as engaging on the web. This is something that we started to talk about, which is people just coming from the web, they want to create a PDF, they want export PDF, that same traction. 
So -- and frankly, Stock, we actually did some really interesting work with Stock. Stock was a primarily U.S. product. But as you have more international content, as you have the search capabilities available, so the services revenue is also increasing. So just across the board as we talk about new customer acquisition, as we talk about focus on engagement, mobile certainly has momentum and services like Adobe Stock, both in the U.S. as well as international. And the last thing I'll say is that the DDOM that we have really gives us insight into what's effective in those markets. So rather than have a one-size-fits-all, where we spend our money digitally, how we engage with our customers, how do we price the products appropriately. China is again seeing really good growth as it relates to our team offering in Creative Cloud. And so across the board, it just reflects creativity is important, and we're the leader.

Well, a couple of questions in there, Brent. And the first one is I would say, as I pointed out at the beginning, we're growing our subscription book of business, which is a much larger subscription book of business, greater in 2019 than we did in 2018. So I think putting that in perspective, I would say clearly, with the mid-market, our motion was perhaps a lot more in the enterprise. We saw tremendous success with Magento in the enterprise and creating a demand generation machine, I think having that aligned organization. Part of what I've done as I've been running this business is to align all of them quicker. I wish I've done it even earlier in terms of having a combined Magento and Marketo mid-market offering because that demand generation is a machine. So I'm confident that we'll see improvements as a result of those organizational changes. 
And the Adobe Experience Platform, when you look at it, Brent, nobody's delivered something like this. It is so innovative. We talked about it being groundbreaking. And much like we did with Digital Marketing, which is when we first came out, we were decades ahead of the competition, we feel excited about that. Customer interest is high. There's an ongoing on-ramp. And maybe we were a tad aggressive, but when you're the leader and you're driving such innovation, we have to be optimistic about what we are doing for customers. And we experienced firsthand what it takes. So we're confident that he will continue to grow that business the way we have.

And as it relates to the organization, I think I mentioned this last time as well. I intentionally put that on hold because I needed to get all of those organization aligned. The product road map, the innovation road map that exist right now, Brent, is stronger than it's ever been as a result, I think, of Abhay's help over the last 6 months. What we are doing with delivering new services, the AI and intelligence services that are available, the delivery of the Adobe Experience Platform, what we've done with content and commerce, aligning that and getting that unified, that is clearly the sweet spot of where Abhay is helping and where I focus. And I think that would not have happened without somebody doing that directly. And so I'm actually pleased that I did it and aligned the organization first. So it's in great shape for somebody when they come in.

Listen, Jennifer, again, multiple questions there. First, let me end with that, which is in Q4, we expect substantial increase in quarter-over-quarter bookings in that particular business. So let me start off by that. I think when you introduce an upgrade to the Analytics, which is now available through the Adobe Experience Platform, the customer adoption has been good. It doesn't have to do with a product issue. The product is years ahead of the competition, as I said. It's a new motion. I mean what we went through as we went through our digital transformation, people have to get ready for that adoption. And we are seeing that right now. We're seeing the on-ramp. So I would put that less as any product issue, definitely not a customer demand issue. And it's just one of those things that you work through and you work through aggressively to ensure that customers get the value that they want. And again, in Q4, we expect a substantial increase in quarter-over-quarter bookings based on the pipeline and based on what we would do.

Well, Mark, if you look at our sort of guidance for Q4 and look at what the operating margin guidance would be on the revenue that we outlined and the GAAP and non-GAAP EPS, it's clear that we are continuing to focus on the margin as well. And I think at the beginning of the year, we had said you would start to see margins back in the 40%, that's certainly there. However, big picture, I would say, we're really focused on the long-term opportunity and continuing to drive top line growth. But the margins and the leverage in the model, you saw that in Q3 as well across the business. And you are right in that the mid-market motions are more marketing and generated by demand through the website and less through direct sales. So that would be better margins than perhaps an enterprise business.

So let me answer the second question first, Jay, which is certainly both the Magento and Marketo, we have both self-serve capabilities as well as ecosystem of partners. As you know with Magento, having the open source community helped us not just with bringing us leads but also helping integrate with any point-of-sale or inventory or supply chain systems. It's a huge advantage, and I think we're leveraging that. And also as it relates to Magento, we've already integrated that with AEM. On AEM, content just continues to be a significant, significant differentiator, and I referred to it earlier as the first mile experience that every customer has with a digital enterprise. So really exciting things underway there. As you know, when we acquired Day Software, that was a perpetual business. I think we effectively transitioned it to be a managed services business. We have some really exciting plans underway that we're starting to deliver to customers as it relates to fully SaaS-ifying that and making that even more self-serve in terms of people using that technology. 
When you think about what's happening with what's called headless content management, that's an area of significant investment for us so that people can automate their content production. AEM assets, which is the assets product, there's a lot of excitement for that for content velocity as you pointed out. We talked a little bit less about AEM forms, but AEM forms also is a way in which people want to use AEM technology. So AEM has really become a platform. It's your web infrastructure. What's really exciting for us is there isn't a digital event that happens, whether it's debates, companies introducing product launches, sports events that aren't completely run sort of on Adobe technology. And that's really exciting to see. When we see these spikes in our traffic, we know what's happening on -- in virtually every online event. And AEM is at the core of that. AEM had a strong quarter. It continues to be a way in which people are replatforming their web. And so stay tuned for more. But hopefully, that gives you a glimpse of some of the things that we're doing. The move to SaaS, the move towards headless content and asset management are maybe 3 of the ones I'd identify.

Sure. So let me answer the first question. While there may be some point solutions that have point competitors or products that are there in the market that do similar technology for the vast majority of what we offer in Digital Experience, we're the undisputed leaders. And really, as we talk about innovation for new things like Adobe Experience Platform, the real time CDP, what we are doing with intelligent services, Heather, where there really isn't anybody else who's offering capabilities similar to what we have in the market. I think as it relates to M&A, if that was a question, there is nothing major that we look at and feel like is a gap currently in our portfolio. I think the combination of Magento and Marketo and what we've done with the Adobe Experience Platform, that gives us, without a doubt, the leading platform and significant portfolio to continue to drive growth. I think what we are doing on the document side with the verbs and having the ability for people to embed PDFs, so think of it as a PDF service, we're pretty excited about the opportunity associated with that. And we talk about Creative. So hopefully, that gives you a flavor as we talk about the $100 billion addressable market. That's really driving our growth at this point.

Yes. Alex, as it relates to the bookings, I would, in order of sort of priority, first talk about the Analytics as its moving to the Adobe Experience Manager. So the combination of Analytics and Audience Manager sort of moving to Experience Platform with the real-time CDP and then, to a lesser extent, the Marketo mid-market. So that's sort of how I would look at it as people are transitioning and upgrading to the Adobe Experience Platform.

No, Sterling. I think first, to put it in perspective, we saw growth. We're talking about the acceleration in mid-market the way we did it for Magento in terms of sort of growing it across the enterprise. And so I think it's really all about having the demand generation machine, which is easier to fix in terms of getting that sort of motion going again in the company. And in terms of it being self-serve, I mean, the product is actually applicable already across of the mid-market and enterprise. So there are no product issues there. It really has been, as I said, the national inclination was to go in the enterprise. And so continuing to accelerate the mid-market in addition to enterprise like we are focusing on Magento and having that as an aligned organization so we can leverage our marketing is the 2 changes we've made.

We have such good market share across both of those segments as the leading B2B segment. It really is well penetrated across both, if there's any -- there's probably more penetration in the mid-market and the smaller size of the large enterprises than the large enterprise, Sterling, if I were to give you some color on their current penetration within the enterprise.

So Kash, first, with respect to the bookings, let me again reiterate what we said in the prepared remarks, which is we would expect the overall subscription book of business for all of the experience cloud across mid-market, across enterprise and across all solutions to be greater than 20%. So I wanted to make sure that, that was understood despite what we saw in Q3. I think as it relates to your first question, the integrated platform, that is really aimed more at the enterprise. And that's the natural migration of Analytics and Audience Manager customers. I think the mid-market is specifically as it relates to Marketo. So I just wanted to clarify that. And so there are no issues with respect to adoption in the enterprise. If anything, as I said, we were maybe a tad aggressive with how quickly they would adopt it, but we do expect to see substantial bookings in Q4 quarter-over-quarter.

Well, I think what we've been through, Kash, with our own move to digital, the ability to have a real-time platform where you can actually activate what happens to customers across multiple channels, it doesn't exist. I mean the first generation of dealing with these customers is a record in our database. That is completely inadequate in terms of how people can engage with customers. So this is absolutely groundbreaking in terms of what can be done. So think of it as how many times have you gone to a website, you bought a product and then the ad for that product continues to dog you for weeks. And maybe sometimes to add insult to injury, it actually says there's a discount now available for that product. That's sort of the thing that we're addressing. Or when you call in to a customer support and you've done something in a retail store or you've done something online, and it has no idea about who you are and what you did. So I think this real-time CDP, the other massive movement that you know is happening is between known and unknown and a movement towards that with browsers. So we're the first to convert what was our leading position with DMP or data management into real-time CDP or a customer data platform. 
So this is the ability to have one single unified view of a customer across multiple channels, understand how you acquire them, understand how you engage with them. So that's really what I think is an imperative for every company doing digital transformation. So that's our opportunity and our lead.

So the easy answer to that is it really had no impact. That was a 1 day in one part of Europe as a result of a customer who used it inappropriately. And we were back up and running. So that really had no issue. I mean the advertising business for us is important part of the Experience Cloud business. It allows the CMOs to have real attribution associated with their marketing spend. It helps with customer acquisition as the on-ramp to a digital business. So it plays a strategic role, and we have good offering in that it cuts across all of the different channels that people are looking to acquire customers on, namely TV, search, display and video. So I think in particular, where we are strongest right now is certainly in helping people with the new media types such as video and TV. So that's it as it relates to the ad business. 
I mean given that was the last question, I continue to believe that Adobe is not just driving, but we are creating large market opportunities. We were pleased with our fiscal performance in Q3, and I'm particularly pleased with the product road map and innovation that we're delivering across all 3 clouds to what is increasingly an incredibly diverse set of customers. Our strategy, empowering people to create and helping businesses transform, is certainly working, and we're executing against that strategy. Design and creativity have never been more important. You've seen the strength in both the creative as well as the document business. And digital transformation and digitization continues to be an incredible opportunity. 
Clearly, FY '19 will be another record year with strong cash flow and margin expansion. And as a plug, I am particularly excited about the innovation that we're going to showcase at MAX. It's going to be our largest Creative event, and I hope to see you join us in L.A. for both MAX as well as our FA meeting.
Thank you for joining us today.