Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 
2022 was an exciting and eventful year for Adobe. We achieved record revenue of $17.61 billion, representing 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share was $10.10 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $13.71. We delivered record operating cash flows with a focus on profitability. Our strong performance in the uncertain macroeconomic environment underscores the resilience of our business and the mission-critical role of our products in a digital-first world. 
Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is driving momentum across every geography and customer segment making us one of the most innovative, diversified and profitable software companies in the world. We continue to execute against our product road map to serve a vast customer universe from individuals to large enterprises and deliver strong top and bottom line growth. 
Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud have become the foundation of digital experiences starting with the first creative spark to the creation and development of all content and media to the personalized delivery across every channel. 
In Q4, we achieved revenue of $4.53 billion representing 14% year-over-year growth. In our Digital Media business, we had our best quarter ever on net new ARR, delivering $576 million and our digital experience business achieved its first $1 billion subscription revenue quarter, growing 16% year-over-year. 
I will now pass it to David.

Thanks, Dan. 
As the company celebrates its 40th anniversary, it is a perfect time to reflect on our past and our future. Adobe was founded on simple, but enduring principles that remain with us today. Innovation is at our core. Employees are our greatest asset and our customers, communities and shareholders are central to our success. 
Over the past 4 decades, Adobe's continuous innovation and leadership have empowered billions of people around the globe to imagine, create and deliver the best digital experiences. Our strong brand and company culture enable us to attract and retain the world's best employees. We are proud to once again be named to Interbrand's Best Global Brands List as a top riser for the seventh year in a row and to Wall Street Journal's Best-Managed Companies, ranking #1 for employee engagement and development. We have everything it takes to continue our success in the future, massive market opportunities, a proven ability to create and expand categories that transform markets, an expansive product portfolio that serves a growing universe of customers, revolutionary technology platforms that advance our industry leadership and competitive advantage and expanding ecosystem that delivers even greater value to customers, strong business fundamentals in the most dedicated and talented employees. I have never been more certain that Adobe's best days are ahead. Thank you, and we will now take questions. Operator?

Yes, Sterling, maybe I can speak to that. I mean, first, it's nice to see that since the deal was announced, the excitement associated with both what we can do as combined companies as well as, as you can see from our results, the interest in the core business. And so we're excited overall associated with it. Certainly, as the regulatory bodies are looking at it. We can focus on thinking about strategically. We are getting a lot of great feedback from customers. But these are 2 separate independent companies. And as it relates to our own cost structure as well as our technology, we feel really good about all the prioritizations we've made. And so we feel like we're uniquely positioned when it closes to immediately take advantage of it.

Brad, as you know, they're a private company. And so we're certainly not at liberty to talk about it. And they have to continue to execute on their opportunity by themselves.

Well, Mark, firstly, thanks for being there, and it's clear that you were also looking at all of the cool new innovative stuff that was delivered. I always worry about questions like that because it's, you know, which of my children do I love the most. But let me just speak to, I think, thematically, what David and Scott showed, which is the core applications. We just continue to make sure the core applications are more accessible, more productive, more fun. And so I think that's one area, thematically, that the team has done an outstanding job of making sure that we continue to deliver innovative capabilities. You mentioned Intertwine and Illustrator. 
I think the second thing, thematically, we talk about how do we get more people into the franchise. David also referred to that when he answered the 2 questions on Express, which is, the more we get people into the franchise, whether it's through our trial products, whether it's through Express, whether it's through participating in the collaborative process. I think that only adds to the available market for Adobe. And so I think the work that we're doing in collaboration is really continuing to democratize what we can do. So I'm pretty excited about that. I think the AI and the sneaks that you talked about, that really the potential for that when you see whether it was the individual funds that were being done or whether your ability through a text, to be able to get your content done exactly the way it is. 
I'm sure you've been tracking also what's happened, Mark, in terms of the chat GPT and what you can do with respect to tech. 
So I think that entire space, our vision has always been anybody who has a creative idea, how do you get that creative idea to life. And so I think moving from the hundreds of millions to billions of people who can use it. You're right, that has profound impact in terms of getting more people on our platform. And I think you'll see us be quite aggressive about delivering more of that functionality in an augmented way, perhaps first starting with Express. But I think we're excited about all of that. And the frame acquisition certainly also is off. I think David and Dan spoke to substance. So we feel really good about the multiple growth drivers.

Yes, Jay, thanks for recognizing that our innovation has really come through an extremely close relationship with customers. So I think in the past, in the desktop era, what product-led growth really was all about was making sure that as we engage with the customers, as we engage with the community, that we were able to use that. I think the best example perhaps in the desktop era was what we did with Lightroom. And when we first came up with Lightroom, given the fact that we had Photoshop already as a product, just getting the millions of people to use it even before we release the product, having all those [ Evangelis ] and a great product, I think was a great example. What the team in both Creative Cloud and frankly, in the Experience Cloud, are doing is actually also following on the great work that we pioneered in the Document Cloud. 
And so in the Document Cloud, I think product-led growth really related to as we think about what people were doing on searches when we introduced our web-based offerings for Acrobat, that's when we just started to see this velocity of how we engage with customers and prioritizing what's clearly top of mind for them, our ability to immediately satisfy them, I think, escalated quite a bit. 
When David came in, David really said, we've got to take this to a whole new level with product-led growth, and it's integrating both the community as well as, frankly, right now, engagement and engagement marketing in the product. And so when you get into product sessions right now, and you see the product manager and the engineering manager as well as the product marketing manager, all of them are on the same page. We have data. We have things instrumented in the products and your ability to do both AB testing and here's where we use our own products and the products that Anil does. And so product-led growth right now is about saying, at any given time, we probably have 3 tests in market for a particular feature as well. And we're using that to really learn from the customer interactions and to deliver better quality products sooner. But David has really been the pioneer. So David, if you'd like to add? And then maybe a little bit, Anil, on what we are doing for that in digital experience as well.

And Jay, maybe to get to your second question and taking a step back, I do have to say, when we look at our annual targets that we had provided for Digital Media ARR at the beginning of the year of $1.9 billion. And I know even with our Q4 guide, I think people had some questions about where is the momentum. And I think the team crushed that, which I feel really good about. And so a lot of that is happening as a result of just first, attracting and acquiring customers to the platform. And then what you're referring to is the cross-sell upsell, whether it's people who first engage with us on a mobile device, whether it's people in Acrobat we've used Adobe Reader as a very, very good on-ramp to allow people to engage with PDF functionality and then either get a license for our Acrobat web product or for the desktop product. Individual apps, the success and the driving of individual apps has always been an on ramp, and we then do a really good job because we use Adobe Experience platform to then convert them and even promotional pricing. 
I know we've had some questions in the past. And we have incredible data that shows us when people come in, whether that's on educational pricing and then they graduate or on promotional pricing, converting them to customers. So I think there are numerous ways in which we've demonstrated that by personalizing our offer to every creative or knowledge worker that we're able to monetize that as well after they derive the value from it.

Maybe Anil, I'll just add a couple of things to what you said. I mean the first is that value realization has been top of mind for a lot of these customers. And so I think if you look at the business as well, the services part, it's very clear that people want to implement it. And what I think is unique about Adobe's offerings in this particular space is that we help both with the customer engagement and frankly, the top of funnel as well as we held with productivity and cost. And so it doesn't matter which side of that equation you are as an enterprise. I think both of them find that the Adobe Experience Cloud as well as, frankly, what we are doing with Sign actually help them on both fronts. And so we're pleased associated with that, and we have good visibility. I want to complement Anil and his team on the execution against the pipeline and transformational deals also, I think, just reflect the overarching interest that people have in making sure digital continues to be an imperative. And so we're not going to be immune to the macroeconomic, but I like our differentiated solution and our execution.

And Brent, as it relates to your second question, I'll unpack that in maybe 2 ways. First is we're really pleased with what we did and even when the pandemic first started about prioritizing what was really critical for us. And I think the prioritization exercise when you're really focused on your top imperatives, that's really helped bring clarity and alignment within the company that I don't think should be undersold in terms of how effective that has been for execution. As it relates to the next 6 or 9 months and you think about the 3 routes to market, Digital continues to be an area of strength. I mean, I know through our Adobe Digital Index we talk about what we are seeing in terms of people continuing to engage with the customers -- companies that they want to transact with electronically. And so on the digital side, we will just continue to make sure we focus on acquiring the customers. 
David spoke to some of the effective campaigns. Clearly, we understand the attribution of that. And we just have to remain vigilant on making sure that we're attracting the customers on the new platforms where they exist. And for retention, which is a key issue as well, just how they continue to get value from the offerings that they have, the partner ecosystem, whether that's for the small and medium business or whether that's for what we are doing with the SI and VAR community on digital experience, just continuing to enable them, continuing to engage with them. I think that's a part. 
Clearly, the small and medium business did see a rebound after what they went through last year, which was a really bad situation. So I think we have to remain vigilant on that. And I think on the direct sales part, as we look at our pipeline, December, despite the fact that it's our first month of our quarter, we will continue to focus on execution against that to take advantage of whatever budget flush exists in companies. And then as you start to come to what happens in Japan in February as it's the end of their fiscal year, continuing to focus on Europe. Brent, Europe was actually one of the highlights for us in the quarter. I think Adobe Experience platform has done well. 
And so we remain cautious, clearly about the macroeconomic, but I think we have visibility into making sure that we can continue to execute, Brent.

And maybe to add to that, Keith. I mean, when you think about the newer businesses that we're talking about, Video just continues to be a really key growth driver, 3D and immersive imaging and photography. But if you take a step back, I think there are 2 things happening in the macroeconomic environment, there are actually going to be tailwinds. The first is the fact that it is the golden age of design. Everybody would like to express themselves. There are more screens on which all of this content is being consumed. So I think the insatiable consumer demand for content, I think, is certainly driving a lot of more content that's being created. One of the exciting areas that I think David and Anil have talked about is what we are calling content supply chain. And when you take even the larger companies, they are all trying to get a handle of as they engage digitally with customers how much content is being created? Where is it being created? 
Where is it being delivered? How do I localize it? What's the efficacy of that content. And so I think this content supply chain and everything we have with our creative applications our asset management, the fact that we then deliver that content. I think we continue to believe that, that's going to be a growth driver for the entire business as well. 
So I wouldn't underestimate the insatiable consumer demand but I also wouldn't underestimate what's happening as enterprises recognize that the way to engage with people is to personalize that content.

And Alex, given that was the last question, let me start off by saying as we celebrate our 40th anniversary, it's both humbling and inspiring to think about the impact that Adobe has had on the communication world and what we've been able to do. And it's rare to be able to say at this level that we believe that our best years are ahead of us. If I take a step back and I look at what we had done in 2022, there are 3 things that stand out for me, the Digital Media ARR and just continuing to drive new customer acquisition and deliver innovative products across both the Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. We've done a really good job of demonstrating why creativity and design is going to be more important and also combining creativity with productivity. 
On the DX side, the organic creation of the Adobe Experience platform and its apps, and the success that we've seen associated with that, the fact that we just had a first $1 billion quarter as it related to subscription revenues, I think that just reflects both the fact that we created this category. And unlike all of the other enterprise software companies who are in that space, we're just ruthlessly focused on this. And it is unique in that it helps both the top line and bottom line for enterprises. And to the question that you specifically asked, Alex, I mean, profitability, despite the FX impact that impacted hundreds of millions of dollars when you look back and say, at the end of the year, we exceeded our non-GAAP EPS that we had said a year ago. 
I think that is a really amazing performance by the finance and operations team of making sure that we continue to remain focused. And I think as it relates to go forward, we've clearly talked about why we're excited about the innovative road map, why we're excited about all of the things that are going to come up in 2023 and beyond. And so I think it was a good year. We will continue to remain focused. I want to thank our employees who really are the unsung heroes of all of this execution and the work that they do. And for every one of you, thank you again for your interest in Adobe and happy holidays and wishing you all a joyous holiday season.