Thanks, Jonathan and good afternoon. I hope you and your families are safe and healthy. Adobe's second quarter coincided with what we hope was the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Around the world people shifted their attention to their health and their families. Businesses focused on protecting their employees, financial stability and continuing to serve their customers. Unfortunately, millions of people have lost their jobs, and small- and medium-sized businesses have been hit particularly hard.
Through this crisis, Adobe's focus remains on employee health and safety, serving our customers and on ensuring business continuity. We took early and decisive action to direct our teams to work from home, suspend travel and cancel in-person events through 2020 to flatten the curve.
To support the communities in which we live and work, we have donated over $5 million and 22,000 hours of virtual volunteer time to COVID-19 relief organizations. We are also proud to be part of the coalition that developed the COVID-19 Testing Data Response Platform, providing test screening appointments and insights for public health officials and government. We immediately instituted work streams to control discretionary expenses and evaluate our strategic priorities to double down on those that will drive the greatest growth and profitability for the long term. Through all of this, the resiliency and flexibility of our employees has been awe-inspiring. I am proud of how our employees transitioned to this new reality.
Adobe is the digital experiences company, with millions of global customers relying on our products every day to create the world's content, automate critical document processes and engage with their customers digitally. Adobe's leadership in 3 large and growing categories, Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, is driving our performance.
Adobe drove strong Q2 performance across Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud and Adobe Experience Cloud. We delivered $3.13 billion in revenue in Q2, representing 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.27, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.45.
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q2. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $443 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $9.17 billion. Q2 Creative revenue was $1.87 billion, which represents 17% year-over-year growth. Net new Creative Cloud ARR was $352 million.
The past couple of months have shown us that in times of uncertainty, people are turning to creative expression to learn, cope and make an impact. Adobe Creative Cloud is the center of this new creative renaissance, unleashing creativity for all and empowering millions of people around the world to tell their stories. As schools faced physical closures and moved online, we focused our attention on enabling them to create from home. We immediately provisioned 30 million students at home with Creative Cloud and provided teachers distance learning support.
In Q2, we saw historic highs in adobe.com traffic across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Demand for our professional video products was particularly high with strong engagement for Adobe Premier Pro and After Effects. We continue to see steady growth from social content creators using Premier Rush, which saw a 75% increase in monthly active users quarter-over-quarter.
Mobile traffic, member sign-ups and monetization continues to accelerate. Adobe Fresco has seen a greater-than-40% increase in downloads since the start of 2020. Photoshop Express has surpassed 20 million in monthly active users.
Our teams are gearing up for a significant Creative Cloud update later this month featuring exciting new product innovation as well as new capabilities designed to facilitate collaboration between creators, particularly important in this environment. We're excited to make Photoshop Camera generally available on iOS and Android this week, bringing the magic of Photoshop to the point of capture. Photoshop Camera is a fun and easy consumer app targeted at social creators, an increasingly important segment for Adobe.
At Adobe, we believe everyone is a creator, and we need to make products suitable for different skill levels. Adobe Spark, available both on the web and as a mobile app, is targeted at the large group of communicators who need to create social graphics, web pages and short videos for their business, school or community.
As part of the strategic review of our Creative business, we have decided to increase our investment in 2 exciting areas: providing new solutions that address the unmet needs of the communicator segment and ensuring that the web browser is a first-class authoring platform.
We're proud of the role we play in inspiring the global creative community. With our Honor Heroes campaign, we galvanized our community to create artwork honoring essential workers on the frontlines. We created an Adobe Fresco-compatible digital coloring book and launched a creative campaign with musician Marshmello, challenging fans to create a video for his latest single, Be Kind.
Document Cloud revenue in Q2 was a record $360 million, and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $1.24 billion. With Adobe Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, enabling our customers to engage, transact and collaborate seamlessly in a remote work environment. As we did with Creative Cloud, we implemented several programs to support our customers. This included making our web-based PDF services on adobe.com free and implementing a government rapid response program to assist local governments by providing extended trials for Adobe Document Cloud.
The shift to remote work has driven a surge in demand for digital documents, with use of web-based PDF services up nearly 40% quarter-over-quarter and the number of documents shared in Acrobat increasing 50% year-over-year. We continue to drive strong adoption for Adobe Sign, our cloud-based electronic signature solution, with usage increasing 175% since the start of our fiscal year. Mobile usage exploded with Acrobat Reader installations increasing 43% year-over-year and Adobe Scan installations, up 66% year-over-year.
We're proud of the role our technology is playing in enabling our government customers to accelerate their transition to digital. The City of Seattle's digital workplace division deployed Adobe Sign across its departments when the city quickly shifted to telework. The State of Utah is using Adobe Acrobat and Sign as part of its telework initiative to facilitate emergency response and streamline communication across the state.
As part of the strategic review of our Document business, we're increasing investment in Adobe Sign and our PDF services on the web and availability of PDF functionality through APIs to capitalize on the wholesale shift to remote work and digital-first document processes.
In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $826 million for the quarter. As outlined at our last earnings call, we saw anticipated delays in enterprise bookings and consulting services implementations as companies prioritized employee and financial well-being. The extreme economic challenges that enterprise customers in certain verticals experienced as well as weakness in our commercial segment that targets small- and medium-sized businesses also adversely impacted bookings. In addition, the significant global decline in advertising spending impacted our Advertising Cloud revenue.
Despite the short-term challenges, the mandate to digitally transform has taken on heightened urgency. Enterprises continue to recognize Adobe's leadership in customer experience management. Key customer wins in the quarter included IBM, Walgreens, Safeway, Astellas Pharma and Allianz.
We're dedicated to our customers' success and proud to see the impact our technology is having. Government organizations such as the U.S. Census Bureau are relying on Adobe Experience Cloud to modernize citizen experiences. 3M and Verizon are reaping the benefits of the Adobe Experience Platform, and we now cumulatively have over 10 billion active customer profiles running on Adobe Experience Platform.
Adobe Experience Cloud was named a leader with the highest position among 19 vendors in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs as well as a leader by Forrester in the B2B and B2C Commerce Suites Wave reports.
We successfully transitioned Adobe Summit to an exclusively digital event where we debuted new Adobe Experience Cloud innovation, including intelligent services, customer journey analytics and the customer experience management playbook. The Adobe Summit Live virtual experience enabled us to engage a far larger audience than an in-person event and set the bar for virtual events. Cumulatively, we have engaged with more than 0.5 million visitors.
While it was difficult to imagine only conducting business with CMOs and CIOs virtually, a side benefit of everyone working at home is that we're able to schedule and engage with far more customers across multiple continents. In all these discussions with business leaders, it is clear that investments in digital, and specifically customer experience, are more important than ever.
As a result of the strategic review of our Digital Experience business, it is clear that we have an unparalleled value proposition and market-leading solutions across content and commerce, customer journey management and customer data and insights, all powered by the Adobe Experience Platform. To further our lead, we are increasing our investment in AI and machine learning, next-generation applications and services on the Adobe Experience Platform and accelerated integration of our content and commerce offerings.
Our current advertising offerings consist of Advertising Cloud software solutions as well as Advertising Cloud transaction-driven solutions. We will continue to offer our Advertising Cloud software solutions to our Digital Experience customers, but this will not be an area of growth moving forward. CMOs want a single source of reporting and attribution for their advertising investment, which we can uniquely offer through the combination of Advertising Cloud and the Adobe Experience Cloud. We have decided to accelerate our previously stated strategy of eliminating the low-margin Advertising Cloud transaction-driven offerings. These offerings are no longer core to our overall value proposition of delivering on customer experience management nor contributing to our subscription-based bookings and revenue and, in fact, are extremely resource intensive. The impact of this strategic shift was evident in our Q2 revenue, cost of goods sold and gross margin results and will be factored into future Digital Experience targets.
Earlier this year, we hired Anil Chakravarthy to drive the immense enterprise opportunity. Over the past few months, Anil continued to expand his charter with responsibility for strategy, product engineering and marketing, consulting and customer success for the Digital Experience business. Coincident with the long-planned retirement of Matt Thompson, Adobe's Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations, Anil will now be adding responsibility for the entire worldwide enterprise field organization. Over the past 13 years, Matt has played a pivotal role in the company's transformation to a subscription software model in the Digital Media business as well as the creation of the Digital Marketing category. He has built a world-class go-to-market organization and championed customer centricity. I will miss our partnership and wish Matt well in his retirement. Matt has built a deep management bench, and I'm confident that this combined organization will thrive under Anil's leadership.
Adobe is the market leader in customer experience management, and we have invested in deep product integration, platform innovation and a robust ecosystem. We are well positioned to execute on the growing total addressable market for customer experience management.
At Adobe, we are guided by our belief that it's not only what we do but how we do it that is core to our success. We believe that everyone deserves respect and equal treatment, and we're outraged at the senseless violence against the black community in the U.S. This is a painful reminder of the injustice and systematic racism that exists in our country. We can and must do better, and we're committed to doing so at Adobe.
Great companies are defined by how they lead through adversity. We have successfully navigated several crises and have always used them as a catalyst to make strategic and structural change to emerge stronger. I am particularly proud of how our employees embraced the current challenges and rallied to ensure that innovation, customer centricity and adherence to our core values remains front and center. Our employees, broad and diverse portfolio of products, strong balance sheet and rigorous operating cadence put us in a rarified atmosphere among companies of our size and scale. We will emerge stronger than ever. John?

Sure, Brent, happy to answer both of the questions. I mean, first, as it relates to Digital Experience, I think, as we said, while we saw a little bit of slowness in interest at the beginning of the quarter, we certainly -- as people dealt with the employee issues as well as financial stability, the interest and demand in Digital Experience absolutely continues to grow stronger.
With respect to Matt and Anil's transition, we really don't expect any issue. Matt has been planning for this for a long time. Anil has certainly, in his role as CEO at Informatica, managed the field. There's a deep bench. Matt is available for a transition. And he's certainly going to remain a friend of the company. And so I would not anticipate any issues whatsoever with respect to the field transition because the next layer is completely in place and has tremendous experience with Adobe.
I think as it relates to the revenue expectations for Q3, Brent, I think maybe I can touch a little bit on what we said with the Advertising Cloud again, just to make sure everybody understands that, which is the opportunity, if you take a step back around both Digital Experience and customer experience management, there's no question that it's larger than prior to this pandemic. And as you know, Brent, we have an unbelievably unique portfolio of products. And so what we did was we said let's take the opportunity to really prioritize the largest growth vectors as well as look at profitability. Content and commerce had a great quarter. Customer experience orchestration continues to be really important. Analytics and insight is really important. And Advertising Cloud, as it relates to the solutions that we have for attribution and insight, they add a significant amount of value for our customers.
However, again, as we said, given in Advertising Cloud they are 2 separate businesses, the software-driven and the transaction-driven, we did take the opportunity to accelerate our moving away from the lower-margin transaction business, something, as you remember, we actually signaled at our analyst meeting last year. And so when you take out the revenue impact associated with that, you will find that the strength of the business continues.
As it relates to bookings, in Q2, we achieved -- the book of business for subscription bookings was greater than 15%. That, in this current climate, I would say, was excellent performance. And so we continue to feel really positive about the business. But hopefully, that gives some color.
And the last thing I would say is even if you think about our Q2, Brent, when we guided to $3.175 billion and we said that we had $50 million in advertising revenue, that we decisively decided to stop pursuing. With the numbers that we posted, you could see that we had a really good quarter.

Yes. Maybe I'll start as well, Keith, and then John can certainly add. I mean, overall, clearly, when you think about the Creative and the Document business, working from home, shelter in place and the ability to both create and tell their story as well as what's happening with the documents, you're right. I mean we had guided to about $385 million. It's a record for a Q2 for us in our business. So it was strong. I think what we were trying to also give color was the different routes to market. And when you think about the routes to market, certainly, adobe.com, the traffic right through the quarter was very strong because, as you know, we have a data-driven operating model. We use the effective marketing tools to continue to drive visitor acquisition across the globe.
I think small and medium businesses, we would all say, was probably the most impacted as you think about a customer segment. And therefore, through the channel, what we were trying to indicate was that, that revenue was lower than we would have normally seen. We fully expect that, that business is going to come back as that segment continues to get strong. But Document Cloud, Sign, Video, Single App, all did really strong, Keith, as it relates to what happened on adobe.com. So it was more a route to market, and there's probably some aspect of folks, who typically transacted through the channel, who are also probably coming to adobe.com as a result.

Yes, Jennifer. Again, I think as the shelter in place, work at home began, when we last spoke to you, it was, I think, 10 days into the quarter, and we said that we had actually seen limited impact of COVID. And then we did see an increase as it related to the traffic, which actually continued quite high right through the quarter. So we continued to see the strength in that particular business on the acquisition side. It's early, but the first few days of the quarter, again, we continue to see the strength in Q3.
I think as you know and have followed us for a while, Q3 tends to be our seasonally weak quarter. We have such a great insight into the business as it relates to the data-driven operating model. So while the overall against the addressable market is certainly a durable trend, I think we're factoring in normal seasonality. We're not assuming that things will get better as it relates to the small and medium business. But overall, whether it's the Document Cloud or the Creative Cloud, we continue to feel good. I think if there was one thing, though, we probably overestimated the impact of COVID as it related to the consumer space. And now I think a number of you are like, wow, that was great outperformance. And we -- if you look at our Q3 numbers as well, it will clearly demonstrate continued momentum in that business.

Well, first, Saket, unlike other companies in the enterprise space, we've never pursued revenue that is not good, profitable revenue, which I know other companies do. And so I would say what we did really well in the quarter was say how do we take a step back, understand strategically what are the really long-term growth opportunities and how is the business going to get transformed as a result of what we saw. In that particular context, when every company on the planet, whether it's a small and medium or large businesses saying how do I engage digitally with customers, it's clear that the content and commerce associated with our offerings, what we can do around customer journey orchestration and the core analytics and insight is really where all of these built on Experience Platform is where we are unparalleled in terms of the unique differentiation.
On the advertising side, there really were 2 businesses, and this is something that we have talked about, which is does the software-driven business that shows how attribution works, that really can benefit from the Adobe analytics insight in terms of making sure you're spending that money well. And so that, we will continue to offer. But we doubt that that's going to be a huge growth opportunity. It was the transaction business, which is very resource-intensive. And that one, we had always signaled that we were going to be reducing that business. We certainly use the pandemic as a catalyst to say let's make a change right now so we can double down our resources on what really represent durable, long-term opportunities. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on strategically why waste the crisis in terms of making the changes that you know you can make to be a stronger company.

And Brad, maybe just to add a little bit to what John added, I mean, we actually took very decisive action at the beginning of the quarter because we did not know how widespread, how long the pandemic would be to make sure that we controlled our expenses. When you look at the opportunities that we have on the Document Cloud, when you look at the opportunities that we have with Experience Platform, the ability to continue on variable marketing to make sure that we're acquiring the right customers that will deliver the right long-term value, I think that's really important for us to continue to make sure that we're opening up the company back to the long-term opportunities that we have because we're going to be in an even more unique place than the smaller companies. So to your point earlier, Brad, it is something that we always do. I think John was also referring to the early actions that we took. And saying, hey, we understand our business, and so it's time to really focus on the long-term opportunities that will continue to drive both top and bottom line growth.

Yes, Mark, I think this is similar to the question that Jennifer asked, which is nobody is going to go back to business as usual. I mean if you take Adobe as a company and how we also think about reentry, I think the new normal is going to be people working in remote locations, engaging more digitally, making sure that digitization continues to be a really important phenomenon. So I think as it relates to the Document, as you know, Mark, we have been excited about it. We've always talked about the move from perpetual to subscription. We had talked about PDF services on the web. And as we said, that's all substantial growth, making sure PDF API functionality is available for anybody who wants a document that's part of any system that they are trying to accomplish. And so we don't think that abates. We think that these will just continue to be secular tailwind trends that we will benefit from. And I think that, again, going back maybe to Brad's question, is the reason why we feel optimistic, given everything that we've seen, to make sure that we continue to capitalize on those particular opportunities. And so the Document business has always been a growth. It just accelerated. And we think that that's a trend that will be durable.

Kirk, your first question is a good one. And again, going back to what we were able to do during this, we have made it so that the offerings that we have that combined the strength of what we are doing on Adobe Sign with the strength that we have on content in the Digital Experience business and what we were delivering with Forms, whether that was for the public sector, we have our entire field organization now out there evangelizing what we can do on the Document side. So that gives you one example of a significant shift as it relates to making sure that we have our entire organization aligned around the go to market.
I think in terms of partnerships and partnerships that we have done on the Document side and Sign and the API functionality, we've always talked about the opportunity that we have with Microsoft and the integration. We also announced a really strategic partnership with ServiceNow. If you think what ServiceNow is able to do, which is really change how workflows happen in an enterprise, every single one of those workflows then need a statement of record as it relates to a PDF that then makes that tangible. So again, that one we've been able to do. So really great question, and that's one of the ways in which we are able to pivot like a nimble small company rather than -- and use our brand rather than wait. And so that's an example of the entire -- DX field organization also now has an offering associated with Sign that they can take into every one of our customers.

As always, Jay, that was 3 questions mirrored in one, but I appreciate all of them. I think as it relates to the COGS, I think, and the gross margin, you've actually seen that improve even as you look at the data sheet that you have for Q2. So I think it's something like $35 million or something quarter-over-quarter. So I think you see the improvement in the COGS. We're constantly looking at our COGS, and we want to make sure we improve.
I think your question around Summit and the excitement that we have around all the things that we announced is another reason why when you have that differentiated solution, that's really where, I think, our value-add to a customer is so much higher. And there's a lot of interest. There's a lot of interest as people look at it and say all of this data that they're now drowning in, how can they use Adobe's intelligent services so that it automatically personalizes whatever is required for a user across multiple channels. So you're right, I mean Summit for us was very interesting in that we were able to transact with a lot more folks. We got a lot more awareness out. We were able to actually advance what we would do with Summit that were globally rolled out. I would say it's probably a little less mature pipeline, and that's one thing that you miss the ability to move that forward. But all of that's now -- we expect that trend as we move into the second half in 2021 because that is going to be top of mind. So that's a little bit of how we're looking at it.

Yes, Kash. I mean it's something that we are all focused on a lot as a company. I mean, first, I will reiterate the fact that overnight, as a company, 20,000 employees all around the world were productive. I mean in my internal note to the company as part of this earnings, I said I was just blown away. We had our first ever virtual close, the IT organization in terms of how they've made sure that we're all productive through video conferences. And I would actually say, when you look at existing projects, most people would say that their productivity is actually greater than 100% because they're saving on travel, they're saving on the ability to be very productive without too many meetings. And so I think as it relates to the new normal, on the product engineering side, it's been phenomenally successful. I think we need a little bit more focus on what happens with respect to creating new projects, so that's one of the brainstorming that happens as it relates to the virtual whiteboarding. So that's something that we will continue to focus on.
On the dealing with customers, which was the other part -- so internally, we feel very good. On the dealing with customers, I think that went through a little bit of a slow pace as customers were first thinking about their internal. But frankly, right now, I mean, sometimes you feel like you've conquered time and space because you can have meetings with people across 4 continents on the same day. It makes for a long day, Kash, but it actually feels really good that we're now engaging with customers. So we just feel that our ability to attract talent also, wherever they might live, that's going to improve. And so net-net, I would say, for a company like Adobe, internally, our productivity is overall higher. But even more important, I think, it serves as an inflection point because every single company is now going to say, hey, I need to go talk to Adobe, whether it's about Creative, whether it's about Document or whether it's about Digital Experience. So I think the macro tailwind is probably going to be the longer-lasting benefit to a company like Adobe.
And certainly, Brent, congratulations on 25 years. I mean the 2 of you have been a great sort of followers of the company and very insightful, so congratulations.

Yes. I think on your first question, there's no question that the creative market, and everybody who has a story to tell, is only getting larger. I mean, as we said, we were proud of our $30 million provisioned feat also for education, which is going to be, I think, a great base for us to build on. And I wouldn't say it is one segment or the other. I think really, Keith, it's all of the different segments. Mobile did very well. We have different price points. We have Spark for communicators. And again, our vision is very clear. It's the one-stop shop for everything from inspiration to monetization. So expect us to continue to see more offerings, more price points and using our DDOM, frankly, to both acquire them as well as to make sure that we serve them appropriately.
I'm glad you asked a question on commerce. Commerce usage has certainly gone up very dramatically in terms of how we've seen it. The enterprise adoption of our commerce solutions was very strong in the quarter. I think it's important for all of you to also remember that the way we do that is it's typically license-based with a band of how many transactions. So it's really not about that the transaction doesn't immediately result in revenue but whether it's a true-up or whether it's an increased band that they will have to go to. So new customer acquisition was good in that. Usage has certainly gone up. It's almost like you're having Black Fridays or Cyber Mondays every day, but we'll continue to hopefully see that as we talk about renewals, how they get into higher bands.

John, certainly, you can add on the margin. I think, Alex, as it relates to the linearity during the quarter, I think the month of March, and this is probably true for most of the businesses, that was where the real impact was felt, and then April actually became worse. But I think as we got into May, people started to engage a lot more. We saw signs of improvement. I think John touched on that as well. And so I think that's the way I would highlight it for 1 month, 1.5 months. Everybody knew digital was an imperative, but they had other fires that they were fighting. And then as it related to March -- I mean May, sorry, it all started to open up, and we're having far more conversations with customers. So hopefully, that gives you some feeling about linearity, which is why we're optimistic about moving forward, as we have that pipeline, how we will deal with. And the operating margin will be -- between the Q1 and Q2 levels, if you think about it, you're not going to see any big change dramatically. But as John said, I think we'll continue to invest in it.
And I realize we ran a little bit long with the prepared remarks, and so we may not be able to get all of the questions. But let me again say, I'm really proud, I'm proud of what the company was able to accomplish in Q2. And I'm even more excited about what the future growth opportunities are for Adobe, because there's no question that digital is going to be even more of a driver of the economy. It's going to amplify the urgency for individuals to be creative and collaborative. It's going to improve the urgency for enterprises to engage digitally. And when you think about the portfolio of products that we have, learning is no longer -- learning to be creative will no longer be a luxury. Dealing with electronic documents is going to be the way business is transacted. The PDF platform and ecosystem is thriving. And on the DX side, engaging digitally with customers is going to be mission-critical, irrespective of the size of the business.
And so we're proud of our unique business model. Growth is a priority for us, but we will always focus as we have with great cash flow and high profitability. I'm proud, again, as I said, that we used this crisis to further refine our strategy and aligned the organization on what truly matters, which is sustained innovation and delighting our customers.
Please stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you very much for joining us today.