Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope you're all staying safe and healthy.
Adobe had another outstanding quarter as people across the globe continue to embrace new ways of storytelling, learning and customer engagement in a digital-first environment. This quarter, we delivered significant new product innovations, announced the exciting acquisition of Frame.io and continued to increase customer engagement across an ever-expanding customer base. We're executing on our strategy of unleashing creativity for all, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses as reflected in our strong performance. 
In Q3, Adobe achieved $3.94 billion in revenue, representing 22% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.52 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.11. In Q3, we drove record performance in our Digital Media business, achieving $2.87 billion in revenue, representing 23% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $455 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $11.67 billion. 
Creativity has always played a central role in the human experience. Over the last year, we have all witnessed the way creativity has sustained us. We've shared photographs with loved ones on different continents, taught our classes to students at their kitchen tables and launched entirely new businesses online. Building on decades of leadership, Adobe continues to pave the way in core creative categories, including photography and design, while pushing the boundaries across a wide range of emerging categories such as AR and 3D. 
Whether it's the latest binge-worthy streaming+ series, a social media video that sparks a movement or a corporate video, creation and consumption of video is experiencing explosive growth. In August, we announced an agreement to acquire Frame.io, a leading cloud-based video collaboration platform. Video editing is rarely a solo activity, and it's traditionally been highly inefficient. Frame.io streamlines the video production process by enabling editors and key project stakeholders to seamlessly collaborate using cloud-first workflows. 
The combination of our leading video editing offerings, including Photoshop, Premiere Pro and After Effects, with Frame.io's cloud-based review and approval functionality will radically accelerate the creative process and deliver an end-to-end video platform. The addition of Frame.io creates an opportunity for Adobe in conjunction with the partner ecosystem to expand beyond video editors to a broader set of customers, teams and enterprises. We hope to close the Frame.io transaction in Q4 and look forward to welcoming the team to Adobe. 
Next month, we'll host Adobe MAX, the world's largest creativity conference. MAX has always been the place to be inspired, connect with the creative community and experience the latest Creative Cloud innovations. Our programming will feature iconic speakers, including Oscar-winning writer, director, producer Chloe Zhao, actress Tilda Swinton and SNL star and executive producer Kenan Thompson. This year's fully digital experience allows us to expand our reach and engage with more people across our global creative community than ever before. MAX will be hosted on Adobe's custom digital event platform built on Adobe Experience Cloud. 
In Q3, we achieved Creative revenue of $2.37 billion with strong new user acquisition, engagement and renewal across all Creative products and geographies with particular strength in our Creative Cloud for Teams offering. Q3 Creative Cloud highlights include innovative enhancements to our photography offerings, including new services and AI-driven capabilities in Lightroom; Creative Cloud applications now running natively on Apple's new silicon M1 chip, delivering a boost in performance; the release of Adobe Substance 3D Collection, a suite of interoperable tools and services that support 3D creativity; partnerships such as The Great Untold with Netflix, enabling next-gen creators to tell their stories; and key customer wins at the Department of Education of the Philippines, Facebook, Nike, Rutgers University and the U.S. Department of the Interior. 
Document Cloud is accelerating document productivity by powering the paper-to-digital revolution and enabling all document actions to be frictionless across web, desktop and mobile. From complex legal documents to sales contracts to employee welcome kits, documents are at the core of work. Using the power of AI with Adobe Sensei, Document Cloud is automating workflows and adding new value across all document verbs. 
In Q3, Document Cloud achieved record revenue of $493 million, growing 31% year-over-year. Driving this performance was increased unit demand for Acrobat subscriptions globally and strength in the SMB segment. Q3 Document Cloud highlights include continued adoption of Adobe Sign in Acrobat with transactions growing over 10x in the last 3 years; growth across Acrobat web and frictionless PDF, which optimize the customer journey and capture organic search-driven demand; increased adoption and usage of mobile applications, including Acrobat, Scan and Sign, with over 100 million monthly active users; proliferation of Liquid Mode, an adaptive and responsive mobile experience with over 300 million PDF files reflowed in the last year; key customer wins at Daimler AG, Fujifilm, Micron and PwC.
Businesses of every size across every category are investing in customer experience management. Adobe Experience Cloud is powering CXM for B2B and B2C companies with applications focused on customer journey management, data insights and audiences, content and personalization, commerce and marketing workflows. Adobe Experience Cloud empowers companies to deliver predictive, personalized, real-time digital experiences across every touch point of the customer life cycle. 
In the digital economy, companies are relying on digital presence and commerce as the dominant channels to drive business growth. According to the Adobe Digital Economy Index, U.S. consumers spent over $541 billion in e-commerce from January through August, 58% more than what we saw 2 years ago. 
In Q3, we delivered Experience Cloud revenue of $985 million, driven by strong performance across both subscription and professional services. Q3 subscription revenue was $864 million, representing 29% year-over-year growth. As businesses reopen around the world, interest in Adobe CXM solutions as an enterprise priority is resulting in increasing spend in both software and services.
Q3 Experience Cloud highlights include product innovations, including new personalization capabilities in Adobe Experience Cloud to help customers move from third-party cookies to first-party data strategies; Workfront momentum, reflecting the need for workflow and collaboration to deliver global campaigns and growing customer interest in a pioneering marketing system of record; key partnerships in commerce with Walmart to integrate their omnichannel fulfillment technologies and with PayPal to offer a robust, secure and integrated payment solution for companies of all sizes; continued industry analyst recognition, including being recognized as a leader in the Forrester Wave: Digital Experience Platforms and achieving the highest score of all participating vendors for Current Offering, Adobe was also named a Leader in the 2021 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Personalization Engines and a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Commerce; strong customer adoption of Adobe Sensei-powered capabilities in Adobe Experience Cloud as over 80% of customers now rely on our AI-powered capabilities to drive data insights and optimizations; key customer wins at Accor, the Australian government, Bertelsmann, Capital One, CVS Pharmacy, Daimler AG, Facebook, Ford Motor Company, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Honeywell, Real Madrid and The Gap.
Adobe's strength has always come from our most important asset, our people. I want to thank our 25,000-plus employees for their dedication and resilience, our customers and partners for their trust as we continue to navigate a dynamic external environment. 
I'm proud of the continued industry recognition we receive as a great and equitable place to work. This quarter, Adobe received a 100% score on the Disability Quality Index for Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, and we were named to People Magazine's Companies That Care List for the fifth consecutive year. 
Last week, we held our Adobe For All virtual conference designed to bring employees together around our shared values of diversity, equity and inclusion. As part of that event, we reaffirmed pay parity. We continue to pioneer opportunity parity to ensure that employees are offered equal career development and growth across all demographic groups. 
As part of our ongoing efforts to bring in more diverse talent, Adobe has established partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic-serving Institutions. This new program offers $1 million donation to schools, scholarships, internships and career readiness programs. Our goal with these deep, focused partnerships is to provide opportunities for students to learn technology and creative skills.
The health and safety of our employees remain our top priority. Our offices are slowly reopening to fully vaccinated employees on a voluntary basis. As we look ahead to the future of work at Adobe, we will remain hybrid and flexible and continue to do what's best for our employees and our business. 
I'm confident that Adobe's culture of innovation, category-defining products, strong brand and the unwavering dedication of our employees will drive our continued business success and a strong close to the fiscal year. John?

Happy to do that, Alex. So first, on your DME question as it related to the ARR, overall, we were really pleased. And I think it really speaks to the strength of our DDOM and the insights that we get associated with the business. I think going into the quarter, we had expected that -- the consumer with a little bit more return to normalcy, as was happening in the environment. Now this may have been a little prior to the Delta variant that we expected travel to increase and therefore, as a result, as summer seasonality and summer holidays was really sort of a 2-year time off from what they had to do, so as expected, we saw a little bit of less web traffic on that particular front.
The SMB was a highlight for us. The SMB, which was impacted a little bit more, we are continuing to see strengths associated with the SMB. And to your point about the guide, I mean, I think our optimism and the relevance of our products and what's happening with digital as a tailwind really leads us to guide, as you pointed out, to $550 million, which would be the largest ever guide that we've given for Q4. And if you take a step back relative to the approximately $1,750 million ARR guide that we had given at the beginning of the year or the $1.8 billion that we've given in March, we're going to exceed easily all of those numbers. 
So as it relates to individual categories, imaging continues to do really well. Video continues to do well. The Acrobat business, which is reflected both in the Creative Cloud and the Document Cloud, is doing well. MAX is going to be exciting. So net-net, I would say that the growth prospects for that particular business and the growth drivers remain intact but again, very much in line. And this is what we feel good about the insights that we're getting on the business. So that's to answer your question on DME. And again, remember, we have a seasonally strong quarter in Q4 for DME. The enterprise deals tend to be Q4. We also see education start to ramp up in Q4. So that hopefully gives you some color as to what happened in Q3 and what we expect in Q4. 
And on the DX side, to your second question, really pleased with what we saw in the adoption of the Adobe Experience Platform and the applications. On top of that, the Adobe Journey Optimizer, the Customer Journey Analytics continue to see strength. I think we're very unique and differentiated in the platform that we have, the real-time nature of what we are doing with personalization. And again, there, I think if last year there was a lot of interest in that particular digital transformation and customer experience management, I think people recognize that this needs to be an enterprise spend priority for all of the businesses irrespective of size, which is why both in terms of the Q3 performance as well as the Q4 targets, we continue to think that Digital Experience will also do well. So hopefully, that gives you color on both, Alex.

Sure, Kirk. And at the end of the day, I think the macro trend that everybody is finding is that a digital presence and commerce and data and insights and analytics is absolutely sort of table stakes for anybody doing business. And so I think everybody started with a website. Everybody started with the analytics. But I think where we've delivered the Adobe Experience Platform and what we are talking about our personalization, I think that's a key differentiator. And whether you're a B2B company or a B2C company, you just have to invest in this particular business. 
And I think the team has done a particularly good job, both of messaging in different industries. The health care industry, for example, continues to do well, and there's more interest associated with that. The consumer businesses are starting to see a little bit of a comeback as there's a little bit more normalcy. And so a lot of them, we're going after existing customers. We're going after new logos and selling more. 
But I would say it's the strength of the Experience Platform, the ability to have these profiles, the behavioral data that we're collecting in real time, the marketing message associated with telling them that they really need to focus on getting their first-party data to be an asset that they could put on their balance sheet and the nature of what's happening with digital commerce. I think all of those are trends. And then we win the deals because of the strength of our offering and the fact that we're really pure-play marketing that is significantly differentiated relative to anybody else.

It's a great question, Gregg. And maybe as I had responded to Kirk as well, I should have talked about the big thing that we're hearing from our customers in that space, Gregg, is they have more and more campaigns. They want to do agility of the campaigns. These are global. And how do they not only have an integrated suite of products but how do they get the workflow to be more efficient, especially as you're all working in a hybrid or working from home environment? 
So Workfront is definitely helping us. It's helping us with existing customers. It's helping us with deal sizes. And in many ways, it's the glue both to enable -- if you have people, technology and processes, it's helping with the processes part. But the promise of what we've also said there in terms of this pioneering marketing system of record, that's another area for the interest. And I think this was always a great company. I think they were looking to become more general purpose. I think what Anil and the team has done of really focusing on marketing workflows and solving it for all of the different personas, that's definitely resonating. But all of the large deals that we do, Workfront is definitely a part of the interest and a part of the bill of materials associated with that.

So Keith, I actually think there were 3 questions in that. So let me parse each one of them. First, I think as it relates to Workfront, we're very clearly targeting a need that exists. And we had originally, I think, said something like Workfront would do $140 million or $150 million in revenue for FY '21. And then I think we've said that it's on track to significantly beat that, and that continues to be the case. As we do these larger deals, Keith, we don't break out Workfront. And so that's the way we think about the business. But Workfront is definitely appealing to that. 
Your second question as it relates to Frame.io, no, it is not in the ARR guide. I mean clearly, until we close the deal, we would not. And so when that happens -- as we said, we expect that to happen in Q4. We'll certainly update you on what that happens as it relates to Frame, but we're excited about that.
And your third question as it relates to collaboration as a team, it's part of what we've been talking about for a while. If you remember, what we've done with XD in terms of being able to do live editing, I think what we've done with the multi-surface applications where our applications run on mobile devices or iPads or tablets as well as desktops, it's just one of those themes that people are working from different locations. People are increasingly working with people. And so I think we have the ability to really provide value for our existing customers and attract new customers. 
I think with Frame, in particular, we're excited because it expands dramatically the potential of the number of people who will become participants in the video workflow. And if they become -- I hope you like the videos that we played at the beginning of the earnings call. And it's -- all of that stuff is being done remotely. And so we're pleased. And as you know, we're always thoughtful, Keith, about the acquisitions and making sure it's a case where we can bring significant value both to our shareholders and to our customers.

John, do you want to start and then I can add?

Well said, John. And maybe the only other thing I would add is that certainly, I think when you look at some of the T&E or facilities expenses, it's a little artificial in terms of what's happening on expenses. But our big position is when you have a $100-plus billion addressable market, I think driving profitable growth is where we are focused on, which is why I think John also referred to we continue to be in the market to hire talent to make sure that we can continue to address all the market opportunities that we have. And so we're focused on driving profitable growth.

Sure, Jay. First, I think as it relates to your question around the integration between the clouds, as you know, first, let's even talk about Acrobat, right? Because so much of the Acrobat business is reflected both in Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. And so that's one very tangible example of how we've integrated the clouds. I think taking a step back, the area that I would say is of the most interest to customers right now is what we have referred to in the past also as content velocity, which is people are creating more digital assets. They're spending more on content and how they both ensure that all of that content seamlessly is distributed, whether it's a marketing campaign, whether it's something that goes on a mobile application, whether it's something that goes on the website. 
And so I think that's the hard problem that we've been able to help facilitate for our customers, which is creating all of this content and making sure that it's -- the delivery is accelerated through marketing campaigns is an area of real integration between DME as well as DX. And where that shows up also in the revenue is the continued growth of AEM and AEM assets specifically because that's where the assets are really flowing between these 2 solutions. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of the flavor. 
I think to the earlier questions that Gregg and others and Kirk had asked, I mean it's also on the workflow. That's when people are looking at it and saying, "Wow, if my freelancers have created content, how is that now being reflected in the DX?" So that's what I would answer your first question.
I think as it relates to the DX use cases, and we should certainly do an update, it's increased very dramatically. And the ones that I would say maybe as a highlight is the B2B use cases, the number of large B2B companies that are coming to us and saying, "Hey, we recognize that whether it's for lead generation, whether it's for identification of customers, whether it's for even doing commerce, that's been a fairly big driver." I would say regulated industries, which is the original push around customer experience management was B2C and consumer-based companies, now I think you're seeing way more of those workflows and use cases in regulated industries. So that's another one that I would do. 
I would say the global aspect of this, which is you have companies, whether you're an automotive company or you're a fast food company and you want to do this globally, I think that's a use case that we've seen a fairly dramatic increase. But -- so hopefully, that gives you one. And then this is where the partner ecosystem, candidly, also is driving so much more. And so the partner ecosystem is also building a lot of their value-added solutions on top of our horizontal platform. So net, I would say it doesn't matter what business you are, what size you are. Part of DX is relevant to what you need to do in order to engage with your customers.

Ken, it's a very important area of expansion for us. I mean I think the Creative has always been a segment that looks to us to deliver mission-critical products that enable them to make a livelihood. But the halo effect of that when you look at what we talk about at our analyst meetings and how big our communicator business already is as well as the outreach of that even into the consumer business. But stay tuned on that front, I think, as we talk about our product road map and the excitement that we have to fulfill this vision of creativity for all and target a broader and broader and broader set of customers with some great solutions using our artificial intelligence and Sensei technology. We have some very exciting things underway that will start to be served to customers. 
So very excited about that opportunity. It's a big opportunity. It's already a big business for us. I mean when we talk about the fact that we're adding over $0.5 billion of net new ARR as our expectation for Q4, a significant portion of that is also going to what you would call communicators or prosumers. And we're going to be delivering more and more really phenomenal products targeted at that customer segment.

Thanks, Kash. I mean as it relates to your first question around video, I think we've been signaling for a while that video is really one of the exciting expansion opportunities for us, and that's really played out. It's played out from the products that we've delivered, Premiere and After Effects continuing to be the leaders in that category, certainly Photoshop and Illustrator used a lot. But if you look at what's happening with all these streaming+ services, right, I mean, there isn't a company that isn't delivering a streaming+ service. And so I think the insatiable demand for video among consumers is only requiring more and more companies to have these streaming services and deliver more genre as it relates to video. 
All of that work right now -- I mean we talked a little bit of what we are doing as a partnership with Netflix as well. I mean all of that is happening now with people in different locations through a collaborative process. So any time you can take a Creative idea and make that happen quicker, faster to the right audience, that's only going to be incredibly valuable to our customers. And so I think that trend is only going to continue. And so we feel really good about what's happening in that particular space with video frame. 
We used to use Frame a bunch in the production of our own videos. And it's been exciting as we've talked to different people who after the acquisition of Frame, have come and said, "Hey, Adobe, that's such a great product, but we think we can do more with it." So I think that gives us a lot of optimism around whether it's the script writer, whether it's the reviewer of that, whether it's the creative agency, just being able to -- or all the corporate videos that's being done. And so certainly, I think as you add that as an enterprise product as well, you can certainly get a lot more TAM associated with it. 
We will update our TAMs, Kash, as we typically do. I think Jonathan referred -- or we'll talk about how we do our Q4 as well as our 2022, and we'll talk to you about TAMs on that front. But really excited about that. I think the external partnerships that exist for Frame and how it's plugged in not just to the Adobe solutions but other solutions is also an area of strength.
And I think to your second question around shopping and online, when we look at our DX business and the success that we had in Q3, I mean, a big part of that is more and more companies are certainly doing the multichannel, omnichannel, whatever they want to call it. And I think that's only going to continue to be a driver of our Digital Experience solutions because today, that's table stakes. And so we just look at it and say, whether you're shopping in store or whether you're shopping online, you need a solution that treats you like a customer that we know of. And so I think that's going to only be an imperative for companies. 
I mean one thing we should have probably talked about also is if you look at our Q3 results, I mean, they were stronger than what we had said. There were a couple of nonrecurring items as part of that. And some of that actually had to do with usage in commerce. And so we are seeing that usage also ramp up. So I just wanted to get that also out there as we talk about the shopping online and shopping in a store.
And in terms of the demand for our DME solutions, we expect, as we said, the seasonal Q4 will be the strength. And as education comes back and there's more and more end-of-quarter activity not just within Adobe but all companies, that's going to lead to increased demand and acceleration.

To your point, I think public sector has always been an important part. But I think it's just the amount of content that people are creating is increasing. And when the amount of content that people are creating, then content management becomes an important issue. Workflow becomes an important issue and standardization of the products. And one of the things we did really well is what we call our named user deployment and how, when we have these enterprise licensing agreements, we offer enterprises the ability to download and distribute within the companies. And the more we do training and evangelism of the products, that leads to adoption. 
So I would say there's an element of standardization. There's an element of more content. I mean even if you're a public sector company right now, I mean, what you transact online is becoming dramatically greater than it's ever been because the physical presence is seeing a cutback as a result of what's happened in the pandemic. So I think all of those are macro trends that are going to continue, but we've also done a really good job of actively making sure we evangelize what these solutions are good for. We do more training within these enterprises. We allow these named user deployments, as I said, which then leads to true-ups and the ability to get them into a higher band. So I think the execution on the sales front associated with going into these enterprises, that's getting better and better.

It clearly has been a push for us, Brad, in terms of what we are doing, which is how do we sell the entire suite offering. And I think every year, we give you an update on how that is actually indeed how we are selling it. And so from our perspective, the marketing stack -- what's completely unique about us is the data and insights that we're getting, the ability to do commerce and the digital presence. 
I think as it relates to Customer 360, where we are unique, and I think we're years ahead of any other large company that has space, is this real-time nature of what we've delivered. It's scalable. We've got billions of profiles. And so I think a lot of other companies are talking about how they take something that may be in a record somewhere and do things with it. But for us, it's the activation of that data. And that's where I think most people are really excited about what Adobe has to offer.
And the other thing that I think has really happened is people recognize that they have to get control of their first-party data. I think a lot of interest used to exist about customer acquisition and third-party data. But I think right now, it's about do we have even control of our first-party data, do we have control of our behavioral and what is happening on multiple channels and the fact that, that can be very easily answered as it relates to what we have done with the Adobe Experience Platform. 
And last but not least, I mean, remember, we're the only company that can go in and say, "Hey, we have a B2B business and a B2C business." And when we talk about how we are using this in terms of the playbook on adobe.com, I think that really opens up a lot of people's ideas as to how they can use this and utilize it. And so I think the playbook that we delivered for DDOM earlier this year and how we talk about what they can do, I think that's what -- that really resonates with customers.

Yes. Brent, I think what really drove that revenue was both subscription as well as the services. And as you know, for the services, we're, again, really reliant on a large partner ecosystem. But if -- over the last 18 months, as we've always talked about, the interest is high. Now they're all implementing it. And so as they continue to implement it and as they continue to say we need to invest in these solutions, I think that's driving it. 
And I think to your point, if you take a step back, we, I think, guided to something like 19% revenue at the beginning of the year and 22% in subscriptions. We then increased that in March to 20% and 23%, respectively, and we just posted 26% and 29%. And so -- and if you look at it for Q4 as well, as you point out with the large comps, we continue to be excited about that opportunity. So I think this is front and center. It's an enterprise priority. And I think since people are saying, we've got to deal with this new reality. There's no time to waste in terms of implementing it.
Again, there were, as we said, a couple of nonrecurring items. Some of those had to do with usage in commerce, and that actually is also indicative that may be a little bit more, depends on the quarter. But it's up and to the right as far as we are concerned in terms of the business opportunity and the business.

No, go ahead. Sorry, John. I didn't hear you.

And overall, since that was the last question, I mean, again, I think we were really pleased with our performance in Q3. We do expect a strong end of year for our business, as you saw from our targets. It's clear that we're in this unique position that we have 3 large growth opportunities ahead of us, and we're executing well against all 3 of those. And the innovation and the road map that exists across all 3 of those clouds just gives us continued optimism that we will serve our customers well, and we feel fortunate. 
I think the future of work and the fact that it's more hybrid will only continue to emphasize digital as a priority for companies of every size. And so whether that's an increase in content for personalization, whether that's more automation of digital documents and whether that's every business thing we need to understand how to do customer experience management, I believe Adobe is very uniquely positioned to drive those particular macroeconomic trends.
But thank you for joining us today. We look forward to MAX as well as the Q4 earnings call. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jonathan.