Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope all of you are safe and taking good care. 
The ongoing pandemic continues to result in a challenging environment everywhere around the world. People are seeking new ways to communicate, learn and conduct business virtually. Content creation and consumption are exploding in a world where connecting visually has become even more essential. Students are adapting to learning remotely instead of in a classroom. Entire industries from media and entertainment to pharma, retail, automotive and financial services have had to pivot overnight to digital operations to engage with customers and ensure business continuity. Electronic workflows and signatures are the only way to efficiently complete business transactions. The world has changed in a way that none of us could have foreseen. 
This reality has created new tailwinds for Adobe. Our mission to change the world through digital experiences has never been more critical. Our strategy of unleashing creativity for all, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses is more relevant than ever and driving our strong performance across every geography and audience. 
Adobe had an outstanding third quarter. We saw strength across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We achieved $3.23 billion in revenue in Q3, representing 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $1.97, representing 22% year-over-year growth. And non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.57, representing 25% year-over-year growth. 
In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q3, achieving $2.34 billion in revenue, representing 19% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $458 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $9.63 billion. We believe that everyone has a story to tell, and our goal is to give all creators, from students to social media influencers, business communicators and creative professionals, the ability to create and amplify their stories. Creation and consumption across phones, tablets and desktops is exploding. Web content, mobile application creation, imaging, video, animation, screen design, AR and 3D are all surging in this new era of digital storytelling and business transformation. Enabling the capture, authoring and collaboration across each of these categories and inspiring our global communities, Creative Cloud is driving this massive content revolution. 
Q3 Creative Cloud performance was outstanding with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $360 million and revenue of $1.96 billion. Driving our Q3 Creative Cloud performance was: record traffic to adobe.com, our acquisition engine using proprietary models for attribution and optimization; strength in our Creative Cloud single-app and complete offerings across all geographies; growth in our creative mobile apps delivering discrete revenue as well as a funnel to our multi-surface Creative Cloud offerings; improvement in retention driven by increased engagement and product usage among individuals, teams and enterprises; outstanding performance in the imaging and video categories with Photoshop, Lightroom and Premiere Pro; and strong performance in the education segment across students, educators and institutions. 
Adobe MAX, the world's largest creativity conference, will be hosted virtually in October. In addition to showcasing exciting new Creative Cloud products and services, our programming includes 56 hours of around-the-world content and features incredible creators like actor Keanu Reeves, photographer Annie Leibovitz and award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay. We expect a record turnout and are thrilled to already have over 200,000 registrations. 
With Adobe Document Cloud, we've reinvented how people create, edit, share and sign digital documents with Acrobat and PDF. While digital documents have always helped small, midsized and large businesses realize productivity and efficiency gains, they have now become central to businesses operating remotely. Supported with a rich set of APIs, Adobe Document Cloud enables seamless workflows and collaboration across devices. 
Q3 Document Cloud performance was exceptional with net new Document Cloud ARR of $98 million and record revenue of $375 million. Q3 highlights included: strong growth in gross new ARR coming from the Adobe Reader funnel; significant gains in Acrobat web monthly average use; Acrobat Mobile installs up 33% year-to-date; significant momentum with Adobe Sign, including our announcement to pursue FedRAMP Moderate status; key customer wins, including Citi, PwC, Pepsi, HSBC, Merkle and J-Power; and the release of the Adobe Document Cloud Resource Hub for Education, a one-stop destination, outlining how Document Cloud can assist with remote learning. 
The shelter-in-place requirements instituted across the globe created a heightened sense of urgency among all companies to accelerate their digital transformation. Overnight, small, midsized and large B2C and B2B companies shifted every aspect of their customer relationships from acquisition all the way through renewals to digital. 
As a company that's been through its own digital transformation, we have a deep understanding of what it takes to be a digital business, and that experience makes us the ideal partner to help other companies do the same. Over the past decade, we have put the right technology, processes and people in place to precisely and persistently measure and manage performance every day at scale across each of our businesses. We developed a cross-company, real-time, data-driven operating model that leverages all of our Experience Cloud technology. The CXM playbook, which relies on continuous product, platform and process innovation, has fundamentally changed the way we run our company. And today, we are helping our customers build their own CXM playbooks. The industry's most comprehensive offering, Adobe Experience Cloud, features industry-leading applications and services built on the Adobe Experience Platform, leveraging Adobe Sensei, our AI and machine learning framework. Digital Experience revenue was $838 million in Q3. Subscription revenue, excluding Advertising Cloud, grew 14% year-over-year.
Q3 highlights include: increased adoption of Adobe Experience Platform and the launch of new capabilities that allow marketers to accelerate data collection across channels to enable faster personalized experiences based on real-time insights; general availability of data governance capabilities in the Real-Time Customer Data Platform; early traction with our Customer Journey Analytics service, which provides customers a complete view of the customer journey, online and off-line; acceleration in the deployment of our Adobe Experience Manager Cloud Service; significant quarter-over-quarter growth for Commerce offerings; working with our Advertising Cloud customers to wind down our transaction-based offerings, key customer wins included Eli Lilly, Truist, Nike, Lowe's, Shell, Lloyds and the U.S. Department of Commerce; a partnership with IBM and Red Hat to enable Experience Cloud deployment in hybrid cloud environments that further strengthens real-time data security for enterprises in regulated industries; and recognition as a leader in 6 Gartner Magic Quadrant and Forrester Wave reports. In the Gartner Magic Quadrant for CRM Lead Management, Adobe was the leader, achieving the best scores across Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision.
Adobe's record results would not be possible without the ongoing contributions and unwavering dedication of our employees around the world. They have demonstrated incredible resilience by quickly pivoting to a remote work environment without missing a beat. I am proud and grateful.
Great companies are defined by how they manage through difficult times. Our strong corporate culture, focus on innovation, exceptional customers and partners and always doing right by our communities drives us and our success. We're excited about the tremendous opportunity ahead of us, and look forward to continuing our strong momentum in 2020 and beyond. 
John?

Sure. Happy to. And as you pointed out, Kirk, I mean, firstly, digital transformation is a massive addressable opportunity. And it's clear that we are the leaders. We had a great quarter. Bookings grew north of 15%. As you saw, we had good revenue. We successfully have introduced brand new products, which we believe are going to be the growth drivers from what we did with the Adobe Experience Platform, what we did with Customer Journey Analytics, the Customer Data Platform as well as what we are doing around both Commerce as well as the Adobe Experience Cloud in the cloud service. So the business and the interest frankly because there isn't a small and medium business or large enterprise that isn't interested in how digital can help them deal with the current health situation. 
So bookings have been strong. Business has been strong. I think as it relates to revenue, you have to continue to think about the wind down of the Advertising Cloud business, which continues to happen, we expect bookings to be strong. And then the other issue for us is really as the macroeconomic environment, you think about the spending patterns. But net-net, for us, we thought the business did really well. It was a great rebound from what we had expected in Q2, which was both on the consulting side as well as on the net ASP, we thought it would be slightly slow. So we're really excited, and we're in the sweet spot of what is clearly a growth business.

Well, Saket, first, I will say this. His has been the fastest ramp that I have seen of any executive that we've got. So he is doing an absolutely fantastic job and a great addition to what you know is already a very strong management team that I'm blessed with at Adobe. Maybe I would say 3 things. The first is on the product side, he's really got his hands around the platform and the innovation associated with the platform, the delivery of Customer Journey Analytics. We had a great quarter with the Adobe Experience Platform and a number of customers adopting it. What we are doing around CDP and the real-time nature of what we can do there as well as intelligent services that are leveraging Adobe Sensei. 
So on the product and innovation, making sure that we have this platform that we integrate all our products, he's really added a lot of value there. But that will continue to be the area where I think we can completely differentiate ourselves relative to anybody else because while others are talking about providing this unified profile, as you know, we have tens of billions of profiles already in Adobe Experience Platform. 
I think the second area is with the unified organization, really focusing on the customers and the customer centricity and what we are doing with partners. The structure for U.S. and international is set up. And he is focused on aggressively evangelizing both our vision as well as the differentiation in the marketplace. I mean one side benefit, Saket, of everybody working from home is we can engage with customers so much better. And a routine day consists of significant customer engagement. So that's clearly the area that he's focused on because he needs to be out there as the leader of this. 
And third, I would say, the culture, Adobe's culture has always been a unique point and focus on talent and hiring and where there is significant opportunity, making sure that we have the best talent. So he's already been able to recruit some key people as additions to his management team. But there's a lot to do, and there's a lot that he's done, and so we're very excited about having him on board.

Yes, Brent. I'm surprised you didn't talk about the Q3 upside as well. I mean we did saw...

Fair enough. We saw tremendous performance. I mean, as you see, what's happening in both creativity and document productivity, Brent. I mean the business is just firing on all cylinders, and that has to do both with products as well as frankly with services. We didn't maybe comment specifically on the services, but the services, the Stock business just continues to do well. There's no question we're gaining market share. The Sign business has grown very successfully. 
But if you continue to think about, I think, what's driving that business, the first is we sharpened our focus on usage and engagement. And the usage and engagement that we did really helped improve retention rates back to the pre-COVID level. So that focus will just continue. We have a very large book of business. 
The education. Education had a good quarter. So we'll have continued focus on education. Individual apps, we talked about Lightroom, Photoshop and Premiere Pro as areas where there is a lot of interest in our business. And also the sophistication of what we talked about, namely the marketing attribution and models, it just helps us spend money so efficiently and sustain the durability of the acquisition of new customers and trends. 
So as you pointed out, when we look at the second half performance, it just demonstrates how both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud frankly are the preeminent platforms, and we should continue to see good strength from our Q3 back into Q4. So we're excited.

Yes, Kash. We've been talking about the trends that are going to be tailwinds across each of our businesses, whether it was creativity, document productivity or, specifically to your question, digital transformation. And the genie is not going to go back in the bottle. I mean we've certainly seen, as you point out, an inflection in the business as it relates to the demand in digital transformation. But my perspective on this business is it's just going to gain importance. I think as the macroeconomic environment improves, the spending will actually open up in terms of what people spend. And we've been touching on customer experience management as imperative and a priority for enterprise spend for a while. And I don't think that changes. 
So I think everybody is recognizing that not having a commerce website, not being able to engage digitally with customers. And I think the 2 areas where we are seeing the most excitement is this unified profile because people now absolutely recognize where you have a physical presence and you have a digital presence, you have to absolutely create a unified experience. And that, I think, is only going to accelerate. So you will see more physical perhaps once the vaccine is present. But that's not going to change the need to provide this unified experience. 
And on the marketing spend side, more and more is going to go digital, and people will want to run more of these digital campaigns with customers. So I think the basic trends of personalization, of unified profile, of customer experience management are only going to continue once the pandemic -- and I actually feel like that should hopefully signal an improvement in the macroeconomic environment for everybody. I think a lot of what's happened right now is people want to spend in digital but their spending ability may be limited. And as that spending ability opens up as the economy improves, I don't think it changes the priority. I think it frankly opens up spending.

Thanks, Kash.

And Brad, maybe if I were to add just a little bit on top of that. What you have to do is again harking back to what we said is the overall addressable market opportunity for all of our businesses. And on the Creative and Document Cloud, as we talk about a greater than $30 billion addressable opportunity, this sophistication just helps us target all those people with more efficiency. And as John said, the constant changing nature of where that marketing goes, we definitely view that as a differentiation for us in terms of what product, what service, what geography across what channel.

I can add, and then, Jennifer -- John, certainly feel free. I mean overall, on that business, I think there was a slight performance in what we saw in the Ad Cloud revenue in the quarter, so that might account for what you are referring to. I think big picture, we just look at it and say, this is a growth business. What we have been able to do by aligning is to make sure that we're focused on the highest priority growth objectives. And so it's still a growth business that's a real focus for us. But as it relates to the overall margins, I mean, the company performed exceedingly well. I would argue maybe we were a little conservative frankly because we were unclear of the macroeconomic environment in terms of hiring. But we are certainly going to be opening up the hiring in research and development to continue to differentiate ourselves. And on the Digital Experience, now that we've consolidated the organization, we've eliminated all the inefficiencies, we've made the strategic change on Advertising Cloud, now we feel like it's all going to be profitable growth as we invest in the Digital Experience business.

Sure, Jay. I think what's been consistent in the business and areas that continue to show both growth as well as interest from customers is, first and foremost, content and data. And so I think when we think about what's happening with content, the use case of people increasingly moving to cloud services on the Adobe Experience Manager side, creating new mobile applications and engaging directly with customers, I think that just continues to be an area of significant growth. 
On the data side, as we have added more capabilities both through Adobe Analytics as well as with the Adobe Experience Platform, of being able to say what is the insight that people are getting, I mean, we're all looking at data even more stringently in this environment. And so the use case associated with going from collecting that data to getting insights on that data, the demand for that particular area of our solutions, including in intelligent services, where, as you know, we have intelligent services that are associated with each of the solutions, that's an area of increase. I would say the third area is this unified profile and just being able to get all of the data. That's clearly a trend, Jay, because people recognize that they have all these silos, and that was even more accentuated by what's happening in the health. So the need and desire to get this unified profile so that they can serve the customer adequately, that use case. And when we are talking about Customer Journey Analytics, how you do the equivalent of what we have done with DDOM, I think that's a use case that's clearly resonating with customers.
Commerce, I would say the commerce use case and how you have to find different models, whether it's a subscription-based business model of transacting with customers, whether it's loyalty-based business models. So I think the commerce and using commerce to accomplish new business models, I think that use case has also increased. 
And the last thing I would say is between the B2B and B2C, we've talked about that distinction blurring. But I think all B2B companies are still stating how can we both work directly and engage with customers as well as through a network of partners, I hear that over and over again. So whether you're a company providing goods through a distribution channel, whether you're a car manufacturer, all of them recognize that they have to bridge this gap between being deemed a B2B company and a B2C company.

Yes, Sterling. We looked at both those trends quite a bit as we went through the quarter. And I would say, as it relates to the stimulus, when the first package came out, this was early. We saw appreciable difference in sort of the payment successes and what happened with the individual subscribers. So we saw correlation associated with that. Subsequent ones have not. And as I said, the engagement work that we did helped us get retention back up to the levels that we had pre COVID. So I don't know whether that was an initial catalyst. But to us, it just demonstrated increased importance of the solutions that we provide. 
As it relates to the small and medium business segment, again, that is through the team offering. A lot of that happens through the channel. And Q3, we saw some strength in that. So I don't know that we've broken out, Sterling, what percentage is exactly on individual versus team versus enterprise. It is a big part of our business because small and medium businesses certainly use both our creative and document tools, but we were pleased with what we expected. As it relates to our Q3 targets, we're still going to be a little cautious about seeing the rebound in that SMB. So we're not necessarily expecting a significant new acquisition in that. But we were pleased with what we saw in Q2. And long term, we just continue to think that our solutions help them become a digital enterprise, which is going to become more important.

Yes, Alex. As it relates to the overall macro demand, it's just the amount of content that's being created is just absolutely exploding. And it actually doesn't matter whether you're, as we talked about, an individual who has a story that they want to tell a small and medium business who has to transact businesses online and therefore has to create the appropriate content, whether it's a large enterprise that is increasingly engaging digital and therefore wants the appropriate personalized content. And I think that trend will only continue to speak well for Adobe. 
We look at some other trends like the number of people engaging with us on Behance, which is our community. We're getting more part of Behance being used than ever before. What we are doing with Spark, which is allowing prosumers and others who have a task-based offering to come. So we just continue to think that the amount of content being created and the amount of content being consumed is only going to go up. And we have the premier offering in that space, not only from the product side but from also the DDOM side. And so I think it really continues to all go well for us. And we will certainly give you more color as we come up to fiscal '21 on what we expect moving forward. But we're excited about the opportunity.

I think, Walter, maybe looking at it now in retrospect, I don't know if -- when COVID first hit, whether there was a shock to the system, and therefore, people reacted. And I think that has settled down, as we've said in a couple of times, it's definitely gone back to the pre-COVID levels. I think I would also give our team tremendous credit for what we've done around engagement. I mean the good news for us, Walter, is we have such a variety and portfolio of products that we can use. And let's take Acrobat where we haven't spent -- we haven't gotten as many questions, I mean, from everything we can do around Acrobat on the web, to what we can do with the Reader funnel to Acrobat. 
And so we really just are a world-class machine on both the acquisition and increasingly on the engagement retention. So my best guess is there was a little bit of a shock to the system, that has definitely stabilized. That provided the impetus for us to really focus on engaging more with customers and delivering the value. 
And last but not least, I think it just shows how mission-critical these products are. And so again, it's very different by offering, to the second part of your question. But within enterprises, within creative pros, we just continue to see really good retention and really good acquisition.

Sure, Derrick. And again, I mean, first, let me acknowledge that I think for both parents of young kids as well as those who have college-going kids, I mean, there is still quite a bit of uncertainty of what happens. But as it relates to the strength, I mean, we saw strength both in terms of students, educators as well as in institutions. And so we saw strength across the board. Part of what I would attribute that to is when it first struck and everybody works from home, if you have a young kid or a college-going kid, you want to continue to invest in making sure that they have access to the best software. I think we did a good job of provisioning Creative Cloud and ensuring that they have access to Creative Cloud. 
And then we pretty actively went out with our field organization, both in terms of licensing products as well as the enterprise-site licenses that you can have for institutions to demonstrate it. And the last thing I would say is we are seeing more and more curricula in these institutions also add so much more on creativity as part of their curricula. So I think that's a trend that is also helping our business.

And to your second question, Ken, I mean, John, we certainly have bands. And since we have bands and we don't charge based on necessarily the immediate transaction, what happens is as people come up for renewal, which was the second part of your question, Ken, yes, the intention is that they both true-up as appropriate and/or move to a higher band.

Sure, Mark. And as you point out, and we didn't get too many questions, I mean, the Document Cloud really had a very strong business. And at the macro level, the strength of Acrobat, all the verbs that we have including Sign, the frictionless Acrobat web and the platform API, we're really convinced we have the right platform for document creation, sharing, signing, exporting and scanning. 
I mean scan also, the number of installs of scan, what we are seeing on mobile. So across all of our PDF solutions. When we are talking about the business as it related to Sign, Sign actually grew faster than the Document Cloud business. And the 200% statistic that we gave has to do with Sign stand-alone. The way we are going to market, we introduced Sign also in the channel just very recently. So while that's early, we're seeing good traction with Sign in the channel. The primary route to market is either through Acrobat for individuals or through the enterprises. 
In the enterprises, we are seeing 2 forms of traction. The first is where people are using Sign as the core sign solution for all of their business processes. I think some of the partnerships that we've announced as well with Microsoft as well as with ServiceNow, we expect to see that continue to grow. And in addition to that, we've actually seen some really good traction with our Document Experience -- experience document sellers also demonstrating how the combination of Adobe Experience Manager, which is the core website, plus what you can do around forms and signs for business processes, how that's growing. So across the board, we saw some really good strength in that business.

Sure, Keith. I mean, first, as it relates to the sustainability and durability of the Document Cloud business, it wasn't an accident that at our last analyst meeting, we talked about Document Cloud being a separate, huge stand-alone opportunity and accelerating document productivity. That's why we spend as much time as we have on that. 
Traditionally, people, Keith, used to talk about the business moving from perpetual to subscription. It has so far exceeded all of that opportunity to really focus on creating brand-new customer acquisition. The web as a funnel represents a huge growth opportunity for us. I've talked also about when you think about what's happening with organic searches and the ability for people to want to share information and how that's going to be a driver of the funnel. We're excited about the API economy and what we can do to make sure that any PDF that's created anywhere or any PDF that's scanned or signed that it uses Adobe technology. 
And so at the end of the day, we just look at what we have with documents and the fact that we have PDF and the fact that we have reader ubiquity as a completely differentiated solution with respect to anybody else. And this business is such a large opportunity. This is not a zero-sum game. This is something that we just continue to believe is going to fuel our business for a long time. We frankly think we're in the catbird seat, and we have the best combined offering. We have great partnerships in this space. We're innovating so much on mobile, what we've done with this feature that we call liquid mode with AI to be able to make PDFs responsive. 
And so I think while the pandemic, to the question that somebody else also asked, has perhaps accelerated this movement towards electronic documents, I don't think people are going to go back because they all see the benefits and the efficiencies of being -- in documents. So that's how we think about that business, and we'll certainly be happy to share a lot more at our earnings call. 
Since that was the last question. I do hope, Keith, that both you as well as others will attend MAX because we do intend to unveil the next-generation of creative innovation at MAX. As I said, we have over 200,000 people already. But net-net, I would say Q3 was an outstanding quarter. I feel really good about the strategy that we have and the contributions of our employees who have executed incredibly well in what is truly a difficult environment. We all believe that digital is going to be mission-critical. It's going to be a driver of the economy globally. And between creative, document and enterprise, we have 3 large markets that are growth markets where our innovation agenda is stronger.
I will say we're really pleased with how we rallied around reprioritizing to get the most critical initiatives to proceed with the right urgency. And as John mentioned, we feel very well positioned to invest in growth initiatives that will continue to drive what we aspire to be, which is a growth company that also delivers great profitability. But stay safe. Stay healthy. We really appreciate all of you joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you at MAX. Over to you, Jonathan.