Thank you, Shub. And thank you all for listening in as we share our results for the quarter and highlight the progress against our growth agenda. As you know, we serve as the operating system for commerce and money movement across our client base of banks, credit unions, fintechs and businesses, ranging from SMBs to mid-market or large enterprises. 
We help our clients grow by extending our platform to capture new services and new money flows. Our relentless pursuit of innovation for our clients yet again won us several accolades in the quarter. Fiserv was named a leader among merchant payment providers for the Carat operating system by Forrester Wave. Fiserv was also awarded the prestigious Webby Award for our Developer studio, a platform, which provides rich and expansive API integrations. 
Now moving to our second quarter results. We delivered a strong 12% total company organic revenue growth, once again exceeding the 7% to 9% guidance range we provided for the year. The terrific performance on the top line resulted in 14% adjusted EPS growth to $1.56, bringing our year-to-date adjusted EPS growth to 17%, at the high end of the 15% to 17% guidance range provided for the full year. We attained $180 million of actioned revenue synergies in the quarter, reaching $700 million since the merger, exceeding the increased commitment of $600 million 2 years ahead of our original commitment. The impact of high inflation and our continued investment in the business resulted in adjusted operating margin of 33.5%, down 40 basis points from second quarter last year. 
We continue to see opportunities to innovate for our clients. through our recent acquisitions, such as Ondot, BentoBox and Finxact, as well as organic investments across our portfolio. Additionally, these investments and accelerated revenue growth resulted in higher capital expenditures and working capital, leading to free cash flow of $658 million for the quarter and $1.3 billion year-to-date. 
Looking into the remainder of the year, our year-to-date organic revenue growth outperformance of 11% puts us in a very good position to beat our prior organic revenue growth guidance for the full year. Given the strength in the first half of the year, we are raising our full year organic revenue growth outlook to a range of 9% to 11%, up from 7% to 9% previously. The low end of this revised growth outlook assumes a macro slowdown in the second half versus the first half of the year. 
With this higher organic revenue outlook and the year-to-date adjusted EPS performance of 17% growth, we are raising the lower end about full year adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.05 to a new range of $6.45 to $6.55, representing growth of 16% to 17% over 2021. Given the elevated inflation environment, unfavorable foreign exchange and our plans to continue to invest in innovation for our clients. We now expect our full year adjusted margin expansion to be at least 100 basis points. 
Now turning to the business strategy. Fiserv solutions are geared towards merchants and financial institutions, including fintechs. Starting with merchants, we are transforming from selling merchants individual point solutions to offering operating systems: Clover for small- to medium-sized merchants and Carat for large enterprises. This operating system approach expands the size of our total addressable market and makes us more valuable to our customers. 
We grow and create value in 3 ways: First, attracting more merchants to our operating systems; second, expanding the relationship we have with our merchants by encouraging adoption of more software and services modules; and third, benefiting from the growth of our existing customer base. 
Turning to our financial institution clients. We remain committed to continuously innovate for our clients and broaden our total addressable market. Since we closed the acquisition of Finxact, a leading developer of cloud-native banking solutions in early April, we have been focused on 3 key areas: Integrating our existing digital surrounds into Finxact; selling Finxact to our existing clients as an innovation platform or sidecar core; and winning new logo sales on the Finxact solution. The feedback from both existing and new clients has been very positive. 
Now let's dive deeper into our performance in the quarter by business segment. Let me start with merchant acceptance. We posted very strong organic revenue growth of 17% for the quarter. Merchant volume and transactions grew 10% and 7%, respectively. Our global active merchant accounts grew 5% in the second quarter, continuing the positive trend since the start of 2021. 
Results were strong across all regions. North America was led by the strength in SMBs, particularly within the restaurant vertical as well as strength in enterprise verticals, such as travel and petro. 
Our international regions also had very strong performance on a local currency basis, in part offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Spending across the EMEA region accelerated during the quarter, driven by strength in hospitality, restaurant and retail verticals. 
Our merchant business in Latin America was very strong in the quarter as we continue to make significant progress in the Argentina market. And in Brazil, onboarding merchants throughout exclusive merchant-acquiring mandate from Caixa. We are also expanding our presence rapidly in Mexico and Colombia. 
Spending trends in APAC were strong, driven by a rebound in the economic activity across nearly all markets, as well as new wins and implementations. 
Moving to our merchant operating systems. Clover and Carat both continue to gain significant traction with clients. 
Clover global revenue grew 24% in the quarter, driven by volume growth of 27%, as well as growth in software and services penetration to 15%, up over 350 basis points. Clover's vertical-focused strategy continues to deliver in market with BentoBox now fully integrated into Clover for all e-commerce payments. When Bento and Clover are sold together, we see an over 3x increase in average revenue per user versus a Clover-only restaurant. In addition, UberEats was launched in the second quarter as another integrated delivery partner for our restaurant merchants. 
Carat, our omni-commerce operating system for enterprise clients, grew revenue 22%. We saw a broad-based growth across verticals, including petro and quick service restaurants. In the quarter, Carat made several strides in further strengthening its positioning within the petro vertical. Among the notable wins include a contract with Wawa, a large chain of convenience stores and gas stations. Additionally, we expanded our relationship with a long-standing client to introduce a customized dealer settlement and reporting platform supporting over 10,000 retail locations in North America. 
In keeping with Carat's mission to continuously innovate for our clients, Carat launched pay by plate, enabling our petro partners to facilitate transactions based on license plate recognition for customers that opt in, replacing the need for a physical card. 
Carat continues to capture new payment flows and has made significant progress across digital payouts and EBT online, with transactions growing 69% and 54%, respectively, in the quarter. Further bolstering its capabilities, Carat launched new payout options in the quarter to include digital checks, prepaid cards and crypto wallets. 
We also had some notable wins within our enterprise business in North America during the quarter. We expanded our partnership with Walmart to facilitate onetime digital payouts to consumers and won a contract with Sodexo, a leading global facilities management company, to digitize consumer and employee payouts. 
Turning to our international merchant business. We continue to show strong momentum with the following highlights in the second quarter. In EMEA, Fiserv signed a deal with Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, one of the largest banks in the region with over $115 billion in assets and a significant presence across the retail, corporate and SMB space with over 24,000 POS terminals deployed today. Fiserv will be providing it's acquiring as a service suite of solutions, including our automated onboarding solution and omnichannel acceptance platform, with SoftPOS-enabled deployment. The bank will also benefit from Fiserv's enhanced risk, real-time broad management solutions, our merchant portal and reporting capabilities. 
In APAC, we went live with Sportsbet, the market leader in online sports betting across Australia; and boarded 10,000 submerchants from MYOB, a leading provider of digital business accounting services to small businesses in Australia. 
Moving to the Payments and Network segment. Organic revenue grew 8% in the quarter. This growth was enabled by a variety of drivers across our business lines. Our North American credit active accounts on file grew 14% versus Q2 of last year. This growth was driven by both new business onboarding and a favorable credit environment. 
As a reminder, in the second quarter, we completed the onboarding of Bread Financial, formerly ADS, the largest of the 3 top 25 credit issuing wins we announced in 2020. Bread was the third of the 3 wins to onboard, completing the $120 million in annual revenue related to new wins we announced at our last investor conference. Looking forward, our current implementation and sales pipeline remains very robust. 
Our international issuing business grew strong double digits, driven by macroeconomic improvement as well as onboarding of new clients. Our debit business continues to post solid growth, driven by new client wins on our debit networks, STAR and Accel, even as debit transaction growth continues to normalize industry-wide following the stimulus-driven high debit volumes last year. 
Our market-leading digital solutions, including CardHub and SpendTrack, have become key differentiators in our new business pursuits and serve to drive more cards into our debit network, more opportunities for Fiserv to offer risk, fraud, digital banking and account processing solutions, demonstrating an attractive flywheel effect. 
We continue to see growth in digital payments driven by Zelle, which posted transaction growth of a strong 35% in the quarter. Our 1,000th Zelle client went live during the quarter, a feat we accomplished in under 4 years of commencing Zelle implementations. And we expect this momentum to continue with line of sight into doubling our Zelle client base over the next 2 years. 
Fiserv recently won a competitive bid to support the state of California's middle-class tax refund program. Fiserv will manage the program and distribute prepaid debit cards to qualified program recipients. This win reinforces our position as a leading provider of government programs, an area of expanding opportunity. 
We had a notable win in the student loan processing space which will considerably extend our position as a provider of choice to student loan servicers. 
We continue to win credit processing mandates globally. In the second quarter, we expanded our relationship with a U.K.-based financial services company, NewDay, to provide processing and other services as they relaunch the John Lewis Partnership card, one of the U.K.'s most popular retail rewards credit cards. 
Moving to the Financial Technology segment. We posted another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 7%, driven by strength in our account processing and digital activity as well as the timing benefit of periodic revenue. We had 7 core wins in the quarter, including 4 competitive takeaways. 
Sales of digital surround solutions continue to grow at a healthy clip, driven by our 3-pronged approach. Our proprietary online and digital banking solutions with integrated surround solutions, such as CardHub, Zelle and SpendTrack, offer a leading modern banking experience for our clients and users. In keeping with our open sourced approach to serving our clients, we are also pre-integrating third-party digital solutions into our cores and making these solutions discoverable to clients their our app marketplace. 
Last but definitely not least, we are making our platform attractive to the developer community by exposing our microservice APIs through our Developer Studio with the goal of becoming the destination of choice for the embedded finance ecosystem, including card issuing and processing, merchant and core banking integrations. 
And Finxact further cements our lead in next-generation banking. Our Finxact product was selected by Colorado-based National Bank Holdings to utilize Finxact's modern core to pursue an SMB-focused digital-only greenfield initiative called 2UniFi as part of their initial modernization effort. 
As an example of cross-selling Finxact into Fiserv's existing core clients, Massachusetts-based Martha's Vineyard Bank will utilize Finxact's open APIs to deliver innovative new products and services across all channels, including highly personalized experiences for its customers. 
The combination of Finxact's technology and Fiserv's size and scale, ecosystem of digital surrounds and knowledge of banking, is winning over other competing offers in the market. Together, we are delivering value to our clients by accelerating their modernization journey. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the results we've accomplished, with another quarter of double-digit growth in both adjusted revenue and adjusted EPS. In the second quarter, we published our 2021 CSR report, which included a number of key enhancements to add disclosures and respond to new reporting standards on environmental impact and corporate governance. We are proud to share our ESG journey as we continue to optimize the business while generating value to shareholders and communities. 
In June, we expand our back-to-business program in Nebraska. In addition to a $10,000 grant, businesses receive access to innovative business management technology from Clover, ongoing community support and small business resources. Our program in Nebraska is expected to award $1 million in grants for small diverse businesses. 
We are incorporating green building design principles as a priority for our offices and facilities. In the second quarter, Fiserv received LEED Gold green building certification for our Downtown Manhattan location. And we are working toward LEED status at the completion of our Berkeley Heights, New Jersey and Dublin, Ireland hubs. 
Finally, before I turn it over to the operator for Q&A, I'd like to thank Shub for her terrific work as our Head of Investor Relations for the last 18 months. Shub is taking on a new assignment as our Head of Strategy, and I look forward to continuing to work with her. 
I'm pleased to welcome Julie Chariell, who is with us today, as our new Head of Investor Relations. Welcome, Julie. 
I will close by thanking our more than 40,000 hard-working Fiserv associates around the world for working relentlessly to serve our clients and you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

Yes, I would just add. We've had tremendous opportunity for greater product build-out, organic opportunities and market opportunities. We didn't look at it -- I now look at Finxact, Bento and Ondot as 3 examples where I think we are very, very pleasantly surprised by the opportunity to have a much larger footprint on those. Finxact would be a perfect example. We're building into industrial strength at a much faster speed. 
And I think one of the other items I highlight is we have increased our speed of execution. You see in our revenue numbers, it does affect our CapEx number also. But if you look at the speed at which we implement, the size and scope of which we operate, it's been a very, very good, strong trajectory, increased speed and execution.

Yes, I'd say first of all, look at July volume. It's getting in line with Q2. The consumer remains resilient, fundamentally in line in volume and transaction standpoint also. So although the month's not over, this month seems to be continuing in the fashion. 
And visibility on the expense side is very, very clear. We have clear line of sight. Obviously, we made a bunch of decisions to grow this business, probably at a level that is where we like it. And we continue to see that opportunity, but we do see the opportunity to take down expenses on a run rate basis relative to margin, or productivity opportunity to put our productivities in front of us. Probably don't have to -- we know how to get it very [ well ].

I'd start on merchant. We purposely had investor conference to talk about how we saw it over the longer haul. And obviously, we do believe in driving up our penetration rate of software services. You saw that go up 350 basis points. at 15%. We talk about moving that over the longer haul to 25%. So ARPU is clearly a focus of ours. 
Our ability to also continue to expand in markets. You hear us talk about Colombia, Argentina, Mexico, along with our vertical of -- and we feel very, very strong about our capabilities we're going to build out over the long haul in the restaurant vertical and then move into the services verticals. So we feel our partnerships continue to grow. We believe we're the partner of choice in that business. 
And what you see in there, obviously, we had a couple of points of inflation in there. But what you really see is the strong growth of the investments we've made, the businesses we've bought and integration capability of the total franchise. I mean, I do believe that we get leverage from our bank partners and other partners in a way that only we can. 
And of course, Clover and Carat are 2 leading products in the industry that we continue to invest heavily. And so I think the sustainability, minus inflation, is right in front of us. And we've been driving this for a long time and I have talked about for a long time, and you're seeing the fruits of the labor.

I mean, the way I think about it is we run a large enterprise. We have competition in every country. We have competition in every business. I think our solutions are world-class and leading. And I think ultimately, this is about how we provide our clients an opportunity to grow their businesses, whether it's a small business, a community bank or large enterprise. 
So I don't really look at it as anything other than our job is to be the best and provide the best. And from a competition standpoint, there's a lot of great competitors out there, but we feel when you look at our numbers and you look at what's going on, that we're gaining market share.

I think from a debit, credit, it's stabilized. I think it's been stabilized. Maybe there's a percentage point, 2, delta from when we started pre-pandemic to now in that credit, debit mix. But I think we're at a normalized rate there. And obviously, we keep driving e-comm, we keep driving car, and that trends up. But we do have a very large footprint globally, so those move in small increments relative to the size of our merchant business.

Yes.

What -- if you go back to how we've guided. Really at the low end, you'd have to think -- you heard the comment I had made that, that assumes some macro slowdown, and that would be 400 basis points deceleration in the second half. Now I just gave in July quarter to -- month-to-date which isn't exactly showing that yet. But that look is a look of really caution relative to going on both in inflation, what's happening in the workforce dynamics, where we see interest rates. Obviously, that's the low end. 
If you go to the high end of that, it's continuing the way we're continuing right now. We're not looking for anything go much better, We think and we do believe that we have a great opportunity with the M&A coming out, getting the benefit to that, and improved productivity, having put in the merger behind us, where in fact you go back in. So those are really the assumptions inside here from a macro standpoint. 
Bob, anything you'd like to add?

I'd like to thank everyone for their time, and we look forward to talking to you. Appreciate it. Have a great day.