Thank you, Julie. Before I begin, let me again welcome Julie to the team. As we announced last quarter, she moved to a new role as the Head of Strategy. Julie joins us from Bloomberg, where she was a senior equity analyst covering the fintech and payment space and has extensive experience as a sell-side analyst and investment product manager. Welcome to your first Fiserv earnings call, Julie.  
Turning to the results. Overall, I am very pleased with yet another quarter of double-digit growth in both organic revenue and adjusted EPS. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our client base, depth of our partnerships and resilience of our businesses. Consumers activated more cards, continue to spend and were issued new credit. Merchants opened up new businesses, offered better experiences and took advantage of more value-added services. Financial institutions upgraded their systems and invested in new products to better compete and capture efficiencies.  
In the early days of the fourth quarter, we are seeing the same trends continue. We grew adjusted revenue 8% with organic revenue up 11%, at the top end of our full year 2022 guidance range. Adjusted operating margin of 35.2% was up 100 basis points year-over-year, expanded 170 basis points sequentially and was consistent with our internal modeling. Adjusted EPS of $1.63 included an $0.08 foreign exchange headwind versus last year, which is $0.03 more than we anticipated 90 days ago.  
As we look forward, pressure remained from inflation, a still tight [ global ] market and geopolitical uncertainty. But as a global and diverse business, we are well prepared to capitalize in any market environment. Based on continued momentum, strong execution and near-term visibility, we are raising our revenue guidance to the high end of the range for this year to 11% organic and raising our adjusted EPS to $6.48 to $6.55.  
Clearly, we're executing well beyond our legacy as a mid-single-digit top line grower. Based on the actions we've taken and the investments we've made, I remain confident that we can achieve faster growth in the high single-digit range or better over the coming years while maintaining our track record of double-digit adjusted EPS growth.  
When we brought together Fiserv and First Data in July 2019, we envisioned an industry-leading combination with a complete set of strong payments and fintech capabilities that were highly complementary. As we've combined these great companies, we're sometimes asked how being a diversified company that serves merchants and financial institutions, large and small, across all payment types is the winning strategy. We believe we're already demonstrating this through market share gains, faster growth and expanding margins, and the third quarter is another proof point of the power of this team and our set of assets and capabilities.  
Third quarter highlights the continuing momentum in our Payments and Network segment with organic revenue growth of 11% and adjusted operating margin expanding 190 basis points to 45.9%. Our issuer solutions business, which includes credit processing for large issuers and card and statement services, was particularly strong. Issuer solutions [indiscernible] contracts, with 3 of the top 25 North American credit card issuers within the last 2 years, a testament to our single platform that delivers a full suite of digital capabilities. 
We can trace our success here directly to the investment we've made in the business over the last few years. These include a robust set of APIs; AI-based fraud management; cardholder experience technology, being the Ondot acquisition; integrated end-to-end output solutions plus ongoing cloud enablement of our technology stack.  
Since we began combining Fiserv and First Data, we made a decision to pursue the opportunity in the government vertical with its large TAM and multiple use cases that span merchant, issuer and output services. We began investing in the solutions, people and infrastructure, and the strategy is now playing out. This month, we began issuing roughly 10 million prepaid cards for the State of California under its middle class tax credit program. Since announcing this win last quarter, we were awarded another contract with the California State Controller for cards supporting various disbursement needs. We work with 5 other states to disburse and process their unemployment benefit cards. The pipeline remains large, and this vertical is traditionally quite resilient through the economic cycle.  
Investing in innovation is a constant across our business, and nowhere are the benefits more evident than in our Merchant Acceptance business. We had another strong quarter for merchant, growing organic revenue 14%, once again outpacing our medium-term guidance of 9% to 12%.  
At Clover, we rolled out several new products to enhance the merchant experience and customer authorization. This quarter, we'll be piloting an expanded retail vertical offering with additional horizontal value-added services, including an integration with accounting and business software. 
Our vertical solutions are resonating. In September, Clover Sport signed an agreement with Caesars Superdome and the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans, adding to its base of over 250 professional- and college-level sports venues. Clover will streamline purchasing at concession stands, premium bars and clubs with digital, contactless and self-service purchasing. We will also provide third-party integration to related services and real-time data insights.  
Carat, our enterprise omnichannel operating system, launched new money flows and continued to lead the market in payout choice and flexibility. We launched more instances of our multi-purse wallet, a white-label solution that holds multiple sources of value, including loyalty and prepaid. And we're proud to share that in July, Fiserv was named Merchant Acquirer of the Year by the Merchant Payments Ecosystem Awards in recognition of the highly successful debut of Carat as an omnichannel commerce operating system.  
As I mentioned earlier this year, data is an emerging business for us, and it spans both merchant and financial institution clients. We're excited to announce our new data-as-a-service offering in September, partnering with Snowflake. Fiserv will enable customers to access their payments data in near real time to better inform business decisions. By leveraging Snowflake Secure Data Sharing, customers can now seamlessly and securely access and integrate their data, driving deeper timely insights. 
A large energy company is just one type of client already in pilot. Financial institutions are excited by our data-as-a-service offering as well. Carter Bank, a $4 billion Mid-Atlantic community bank, is in an open data pilot with us to consolidate and connect all data across the enterprise. Many banks tell us they spend too much time trying to source, provision and integrate data. Fiserv and Snowflake will make it easier for Carter to use the data across their Fiserv and non-Fiserv systems to fully understand their customers down to the branch level.  
Fintech performance was lower than normal this quarter at 1% organic revenue growth but generated 4% growth year-to-date, and is on track to meet our organic growth guidance of 4% to 6%. This is a consistent business, but timing of product additions, new business implementations and professional services revenue can vary from quarter-to-quarter. Some of this revenue anticipated for September slipped into the fourth quarter, and we have good line of sight to full year revenue in the medium-term guidance range.  
We remain encouraged by our visibility here after signing 14 core wins in the quarter, with 9 being competitive takeaways spread across large banks, new banks, fintechs, community banks and credit unions. Earlier this year, Webster Bank acquired Fiserv client Sterling Bank to create a $65 billion Northeast regional. In the quarter, Webster chose Fiserv as its core account processing platform with multiple surround spanning our fintech and payments offering. We've talked about the strategic importance of Finxact, a leading cloud banking core today, with 11 clients already in production. After just 6 months under our umbrella, Finxact is attracting strong interest from both new and existing Fiserv clients. With 2 large new client wins in the quarter, Finxact will become the cloud-based core platform for 2 more emerging online banks.  
And just yesterday, we entered into a new agreement with Zenus to power this global digital bank's first-to-market solution, running Finxact on the Microsoft Azure Cloud.  
Looking forward, there's plenty of uncertainty around what 2023 will bring. We're currently in the planning phase but have already taken steps to ensure we are prepared for a softer macroeconomic environment. We are fortunate to have a well-diversified business with high recurring revenue and a strong balance sheet. Bob will talk more about these factors shortly, but I want to share with you what I am seeing and hearing from clients and where I see opportunity for Fiserv in the coming quarters.  
The Payments segment has successfully capitalized on industry trends that are enabling strong growth. I call out 4 major trends that are responsible not only for the strong growth we are seeing now but a robust pipeline for the coming year. First, cardholders continue to expect better payment experiences, and more issuers look to our platforms to meet this demand. Issuers are also investing in more modern technology solutions such as better digital, broad and loyalty capabilities, all of which offer us attractive cross-sell opportunities.  
Second, the addressable market is growing. Segments such as health care, education and government are increasingly looking for new credit processing and disbursement solutions. Nontraditional start-ups and fintechs have also been actively entering the card issuing and lending space. Third, demand for plastic solution remains high as issuers compete heavily for new volume. Finally, the card payments environment has remained active even as we see continued growth in noncard payments, including Zelle and real-time payments.  
Two regulation-led opportunities [indiscernible] first, the Fed announced that its real-time network, FedNow, would go live in mid-2023. Fiserv has been part of the FedNow pilot, and we believe that we are well positioned to participate in the rising adoption of real-time payments. We enable financial institutions and, eventually, billers and merchants to integrate with a variety of real-time services and networks through our single connection.  
Second, earlier this month, the Federal Reserve finalized a clarification to Reg II that the dual network requirement for debit applies for all transaction types, including card-not-present. Fiserv believes this will promote market competition, which will ultimately benefit consumers, merchants, issuers and the industry at large. Our debit networks, STAR and Accel, support card-not-present transactions, but many factors will influence our ultimate opportunity, so we will wait to see how issuers implement this rule once it takes effect in July.  
In Merchant Acceptance, the uncertain macro environment has merchants, large and small, looking to optimize the value in their operations. In some cases, this has increased their desire for a single full-service provider over fragmented specialists. And that suits us well given our breadth and scale. Their focus on areas like payment optimization, lower-cost payment methods and fraud is presenting more value-added service opportunities as well. In fact, we've won a few deals to enable Pay by Bank, which lowers the cost of acceptance for merchants, is an easy way for consumers to earn rewards. One of our large petro merchants, Sunoco, with 5,500 locations, was just one such win in the third quarter. With the e-commerce penetration returning to a more normal growth trend, card-present solutions are in focus as the more complex problem to solve for integrated omnichannel solutions.  
Our marquee base of large merchant customers is looking to us here. This includes leading petro and grocery merchants who are more insulated from economic slowdowns due to the nondiscretionary nature of their businesses. In our Fintech business, banks are managing through the macro uncertainty with a focus on serving existing customers and improving operational efficiency, two areas where we provide a number of important products and services that offer a way to grow accounts and enter new markets in a cost-effective manner.  
Finxact, our new cloud-native modern banking platform, is being recognized as the best way to conceptualize, create and launch new banking products. And our pipeline is particularly active with pioneering digital banks and big issuers entering the banking market via embedded finance. A leading example is our partnership with One Finance, supporting their growth initiatives in retail. We can offer them faster time to market with greater flexibility and scalability plus the largest product portfolio available.  
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. Let me wrap up with an update about progress on ESG and our people platform. Since the release of our most recent CSR report in the second quarter, we have seen positive momentum in our ESG ratings at MSCI, Refinitiv and S&P CSA and significant increases in our ISS quality scores. We have submitted our CDP survey for the second year. These improvements are attributable to our improved ESG programming, framework alignment and our 2021 CSR report.  
As we look out to what is best described as an uncertain year ahead, Fiserv is well positioned for the long haul. We've made the investments in product, people and infrastructure that will allow us to continue as an industry leader, driving better top line growth and productivity. We've talked about some of the product innovation and TAM expansion that we've achieved.  
So let me take a minute to discuss our people. We're grateful for our dedicated workforce, especially our essential workers who are present throughout the pandemic. We recognize their commitment both through compensation and career advancement while supporting them by upgrading and expanding our infrastructure. This made it particularly gratifying when we were ranked #6 of the top 250 largest U.S. public companies on the American Opportunity Index earlier this month. The index measures how well these companies foster economic mobility based on real-world outcomes for employees, particularly those without a college degree. This index is one indicator that shows we are well positioned to compete for talent.  
Our hybrid workforce strategy is greatly enhanced by world-class facilities and colocated workforces. We began consolidating around large modern hubs and closed over 70 facilities in the past 2 years. This morning, we announced our new location for our global headquarters in Downtown Milwaukee. Last month, we opened the largest fintech hub on the East Coast, our innovation center in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey, where we anticipate LEED Platinum certification. This followed a major upgrade of both our production and office facilities in Omaha, Nebraska. We are opening new and expanded facilities in Dublin, Ireland and Sao Paulo, Brazil and are working towards LEED certification in these facilities after achieving LEED Gold status in New York.  
While this spending will ease in 2023, we are already reaping the rewards through lower operating expenses and increased productivity. I will close by thanking our more than 40,000 hardworking Fiserv associates around the world for working relentlessly to serve our clients and you, our shareholders.  
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

Yes. Thanks. I think we always had a very strong in-store presence. And we were always a large processor for e-commerce transactions. And then we geared into the front end of the business and began building out that omnichannel presence. What we see is that our ability to bring, in fact, a single integration point, single reporting structure, connected hardware, connected systems as companies evolve and want many times an easier instance, we are an excellent provider of it. 
And when we look at Carat long term, you see us also talking about other features in there where we allow a multi-purse wallet that puts more product in there. It could be loyalty. It could be prepaid. It could be rebates. So how we bring all that capability in a single connection, ultimately even allowing larger players. And ultimately, we think it will drop to mid-market, this capability, the ability for their consumers to build greater loyalty through this single connection and this omnichannel presence. So we're pretty excited. We've built it out. The use cases are there. We feel the winning is occurring and the volume is falling through the system. 
So it's been strategic. We came from a different place than others. We came with a great physical presence and a great processing capability. And then building omnichannel front end of Carat is resonating well with our clients. So think about it along with integrated value-added services and embedded finance, and all of that ultimately was using a much larger value prop, that pure omnichannel. I hope that's helpful.

Yes, I would add there. We talked about $3.5 billion in 2025. We talked about a 9% to 12% for the segment. We're in normal compares, we're at 14% right now for the segment. I also think what we're doing on value-added services and they don't keep inching up and moving up and just saw it's a key driver here. We continue to grow the merchant base, grow the LTV , growth the ARPU, and we feel highly confident in exactly what we said in March. And I think it's playing out right now exactly as planned. 
Our sequential growth has been very high and I think so. If you look at it ex what Bob talked about and just look at the business case and the driving of it, our confidence level is as high as it was in March, and we're seeing it play out, and the value-added services will continue to grow quarter-by-quarter.

Yes. We like to say, hey, we don't really talk about yields, we are talking about revenue. I know you've heard us be consistently beating that drumbeat. We decided to beat that drumbeat when we're on the right side of that curve. So I think we used it as they walk away from commitment on anything. I think the investment you see us putting into this business, and net investments from sales to infrastructure to product development is really driving the number. 
I think you heard us announce partnerships across the board and even more today than as we talk more about Deutsche. But then the ISV is -- I think the business mix which we said at the start of the pandemic that we had this tremendously balanced mix, we had the best distribution in the industry and we had fabulous geographic reach, is still playing out. And that really is what's driving our growth number and our volume numbers. 
We did not have a great quarter in the European theater. But the mix of our business and the strength of our business from the largest retailers to the pizza store in Brooklyn, as you know, I like to talk about my own town, really shows through in the model. I think the work in Clover and the building of the value-added services is definitely also playing into our growth in a way that may not always be just in that but also in our total product set and the ability to deliver it. 
So I think we do have the industry-leading franchise. I think Clover, they've always been supportive of it from the start, has proved out its merit and you're seeing it come through. I'd say the only other thing I'd add is our franchises in Brazil, in Argentina continue to win and grow as does our U.S. franchise. So value-added services, omnichannel growth in verticals like restaurants, international, that was our story in the beginning of the pandemic, and that's our story coming out of it. And we're having a margin discussion, and we're fully confident where we're going to be there. I would note that merchant has the largest margin it's ever had this quarter also, and that's a testimony to how leadership in that business is driving it and the outcomes it's getting.

Yes. I mean we had talked about this. The wins, the onboarding of the wins, they're growing. I'd like to frequently go back to Investor Day where we talked about this incredible pipeline, which at the time felt like it was a once in a lifetime event, meaning you win 3 of the top 25 issuers. And that part was a onetime event. But that pipeline is the same size and shape as it was back in 2020. And the building out of health care and government verticals, investment in education, all bode very well for performing at the higher end of that guidance range as we go forward here. I'm not giving guidance for anything other than what we're talking about in '22. 
But the pipeline is very strong. And you hear us talking about the California win. But the reality is we've had multiple government wins with our ability to distribute payments in a card-based fashion and having probably the best capability in the industry around that.

Yes. I'll just say I thought you had asked about our new Milwaukee headquarters.

Yes. No, I think I'd just say that we have an appetite. You see our appetite across the segments. We are highly selective, Bento, Finxact. And then we come back and invest heavily, Ondot, in those as we had done on Clover. So we feel good about our balanced approach. I think you can see that, obviously, we invest in the business organically or invest in the business inorganically. And then we feel good about buying back of stock and returning that to shareholders too. You should imagine that we're going to have that continued balance mentality. And obviously, we like to integrate companies and grow them.

I'd say readiness is high. I think we made a comment that they are designed to be dual network capable. And our ability to execute, we think, is very high. Obviously, we always felt that this would create more competition, and we like that. Obviously, we weren't competing for those transactions before. And you should expect us to behave like we do in every other business line, which is try to grow at the best possible rate. 
So I think we're in the planning stage. Obviously, it is up to issuers. But we think that this was a very good outcome, and we continue to expect ourselves to participate as we would given our size and scale and the nature of the business we have.

Thank you for your attention today. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any questions, and have a great day. Thanks a lot, guys and girls, ladies.