Thank you, Shub, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As you know, we serve as the operating system for commerce and money movement across our client base of banks, credit unions, fintechs, and businesses ranging from SMBs to mid-market or large enterprises. We help our clients grow by extending our platform to capture new services and new money flows. 
As we exit the second year of pandemic, we had another successful year of delivering on our growth agenda. We delivered 11% organic revenue growth for both the fourth quarter and full year at the high end of our 7% to 12% outlook that we originally provided at our December 2020 Investor Day. 
We expanded full year adjusted operating margins by 250 basis points. We also achieved 26% growth year-over-year in adjusted earnings per share to $5.58, well above our original outlook of $5.25 to $5.45. Our merchant platforms, Clover and Clover Connect for small- and medium-sized businesses and Carat for enterprises are showing very strong growth. 
We are winning in omnichannel and seeing strong growth in value-added services such as Clover software, fraud, risk, lending and payment flows, including disbursements and cross-border. Our acquisitions of BentoBox and NetPay give us the assets to enhance self-service offerings in verticals like restaurants and allow us to power new flows via paybacks. 
We are successfully meeting our FI clients' goal of driving digital engagement through our best-in-class online and mobile banking platform ability as well as integrated mobile-first surround solutions such as CardHub, featuring Ondot for retail customers and SpendLabs for small business customers. Recall that we bought Ondot and SpendLabs in 2021 and are already seeing great traction with them. We expect these solutions will have a positive effect, strengthening our client value proposition across core banking, payment processing and the network business. 
We made outstanding progress on the integration of Fiserv and First Data. The fourth quarter marks the completion of our cost synergy program. We achieved our target of $1.2 billion, $300 million above our original commitment and 2 years ahead of schedule. We actioned $480 million of revenue synergies and are now at 80% of the increased commitment of $600 million. 
We anticipate obtaining the full $600 million of revenue synergies by the end of this year, 18 months ahead of schedule. Strengthening our leadership as our clients' partner of choice yesterday, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire the remaining ownership interest in Finxact. We were an initial investor in Finxact, a leading developer of cloud-native banking solutions that is powering digital transformation across financial services. This is an investment in the next-generation financial technology that supports our strategy to continuously innovate for our clients and broaden our total addressable market. 
Finxact will not only augment our ability to enrich and accelerate the delivery of digital solutions we offer to our existing clients, but also broaden our solutions to include large financial institutions, fintechs, banking as a service and embedded finance opportunities. We've worked closely with the Finxact team and look forward to welcoming Frank Sanchez, his leadership team and the entire Finxact organization to Fiserv when the deal closes later this year. 
Our business momentum and investments thus far position us very well for the future. Accordingly, we have good visibility into accelerating our organic growth to a rate of 7% to 9%, above our average for the last 3 years and in line with our medium-term outlook. We expect 2022 adjusted EPS to be $6.40 to $6.55, which is a growth of 15% to 17%. This, when combined with the 26% growth we delivered in 2021 will generate a 2-year compounded annual growth of 21%, above the high end of our medium-term outlook range of 15% to 20%. 
Turning to the business segments. Let me start with merchant acceptance. We continue to focus on investing in our leading merchant operating systems, Clover and Carat, to provide products and services that expand our addressable market and to drive growth for our clients in the SMB and enterprise space. These operating systems continue to perform well and were key drivers of merchant acceptance organic revenue growth of 19% and 20% for the quarter and year, respectively.
Clover continues to be the commerce and business management platform of choice for SMBs in the U.S. and around the world. In 2021, as small business recovery took hold, merchants turned to Clover for leading in-store payment solutions, online commerce capabilities and new vertical services to grow their business. We completed our acquisition of BentoBox, a leading digital ordering and delivering management platform to help out close to 200,000 restaurant owners on our platform reach more customers. 
In addition to BentoBox, we signed a variety of strategic partnerships to enhance the tools restaurants need to be successful. One such example is our new partnership with Google to enable customers to more easily find and order from Clover restaurant locations. 
As we roll out these holistic SaaS-based solutions, we see notable increases in the average revenue per merchant. We are very excited about continuing this success and replicating it across other verticals. Closing out 2021, Clover is better positioned than ever as the leading operating system for SMBs. 
Carat, our omnichannel ecosystem serving enterprise clients continues to grow across the board. We saw particular strength in omnichannel transactions, which were up 51% in 2021. As the demand for omnichannel solutions persisted through 2021, demand for our integrated solutions such as disbursements, payback enablement, EBT and other digital capabilities rose to an all-time high. 
Disbursements have become an important part of the consumer experience in many verticals through the pandemic. Consumers and businesses want simple, fast access to their money digitally. Carat is well positioned to drive growth in disbursements as evidenced in its expanded relationships with a number of companies within the insurance and ride-sharing sectors as well as digital wallet companies, including marquee brands such as Coinbase.
Turning to our cross-border capabilities, we continue to see strength from the recovery with double-digit cross-border transaction growth in 2021. Looking forward into 2022, we will continue to push deeper into key priority areas, including omnichannel disbursements and cross-border to expand the breadth and depth of services for our enterprise clients.  
Moving to the Payments and Network segment. Organic revenue grew 8% in the quarter and 6% for the full year. Within the issuer business, we saw notable strength in general purpose active accounts, now ahead of pre-pandemic levels. Our card business continues to provide growth above the segment average from strength in digital risk solutions, debit network volumes and debit transaction growth. 
Market-leading innovative solutions like CardHub and SpendLabs are both enhancing revenue and reducing churn. In fact, SpendLabs' product market fit is stronger than we had originally anticipated and this offering, along with CardHub, are notably contributing to our expanded presence with mid-market FIs for card processing solutions. 
These surrounds not only greatly enhance the competitiveness of our credit and debit card processing offerings, but also serve to drive more cards into our debit network and more opportunities for Fiserv to offer risk and fraud, digital banking and account processing solutions, yet again, demonstrating our ability to harness the power of our unmatched distribution platform. Looking to 2022, we expect to see continued momentum from the ramp of our large credit issuer wins in 2020 and 2021, including Alliance Data, Atlanticus and Genesis, 3 top 25 issuers, strengthen our digital offerings with CardHub and SpendLabs and strengthen Zelle. 
Moving to the Financial Technology segment. The fourth quarter was in line with our expectations, posting organic revenue growth of 4%, closing out the year up 4%. We finished 2021 strong on sales with 48 new core wins, including competitive takeaways with marquee names such as Valley Bank and Dollar Bank. Not only are we winning in core account processing, but also seeing success in cross-selling pan-Fiserv capabilities to clients. This is demonstrated in our competitive takeaway of Great Southern Bank, an institution with more than $5 billion in assets. With this agreement, Great Southern Bank will be moving to a complete suite of Fiserv offerings across core account processing, digital banking surrounds, card processing and output solutions. 
We are continuing to win in the higher-growth $1 billion to $50 billion asset segment. Clients continue to choose Fiserv as their strategic technology partner to power combined entities into the future. Key wins in 2021 include NYCB's merger with Flagstar and First Interstate Bank's merger with Great Western. Sales of digital surround solutions grew strong double digits in 2021, driven by the increased digital focus of our financial institution clients and the success of Abiliti, our modern online mobile banking platform. 
We finished the year with 434 sales to existing and new logos. Sales to existing clients helped deepen the penetration of our fully integrated digital surrounds such as CardHub, Zelle and SpendLabs. It is clear that our solutions are already winning in the market. We will accelerate this momentum through our announced agreement to acquire Finxact, which will enable clients to quickly deploy modular banking services, including deposits, loans, cards as well as launch new banking solutions, including a digital bank, bank-as-a-service and embedded finance. 
We have already made strides in the category of API development, and the market is recognizing our leadership. In 2021, we are proud to accept an award for the Best in Finance APIs for our Communicator Advantage API platform at the API World Awards and for AllData Connect, our data aggregation portal at the Business Intelligent Group's 2022 BIG Innovation Awards. 
Looking into 2022 and beyond, the powerful combination of our market-leading banking cores, along with Finxact, which enables clients to launch modern, flexible and highly personalized digital banking experience and ability, our industry-leading online and mobile banking platform will position us to better serve our existing clients and a broader array of customers. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the goals we've accomplished with another quarter of double-digit adjusted revenue growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Given the breadth and depth of our portfolio, as well as our history of strong operational performance, we believe we will deliver 7% to 9% organic revenue growth and 15% to 17% adjusted earnings per share growth to a range of $6.40 to $6.55. We expect each of our business segments to deliver organic revenue growth within the range of our medium-term outlook. 
Finally, I invite you to participate in an investor call we will be hosting in the next several weeks focused on our merchant acceptance business with a particular emphasis on Clover as a key driver of growth for the segment and the company. 
In addition to delivering on our financial results, we continue to focus on our associates and our communities. Our approach to corporate social responsibility is designed to incorporate a philanthropic, associate and community engagement to deliver thoughtful, strategic decisions where we invest our time and talent. 
Diversity and inclusion remains on the top of our ESG agenda and the results of our efforts speak for themselves. In January of the current year, Fiserv was named to the 2022 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, marking our sixth consecutive year for this recognition. For the second consecutive year, Fiserv has been designated a best place to work for LGBTQ+ equality in the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's 2022 Corporate Equality Index. Now in its 20th year, the CEI is the national benchmarking tool on corporate policies, practices and benefits pertinent to LGBTQ+ employees. 
Since 2020, we have allocated $35 million of the $50 million commitment designed to help small minority-owned businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and associated initiatives. In Q4, Fiserv was ranked #4 on Military Times Best for Vets Employers list, the fifth year in a row in the top 5 and #1 ranked in our category. 
Continuing our initiatives to support better and affiliated businesses, this quarter, we announced an extension of our partnership with the Institute for Veterans and Military Families at Syracuse University. And during our fourth quarter season of giving campaign, associate donations along with corporate matching donations from Fiserv contributed to over 1,200 community groups globally. I am proud of the positive impact of philanthropic and community programs have had in 2021, and I look forward to us doing more in 2022 to help businesses and communities thrive. 
I will close by thanking all 40,000-plus hard-working Fiserv associates around the world for working relentlessly to serve our clients and you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

So first of all, yes, 9% to 12%. And yes, we're driving business to double digit. I think there's a multipronged effort here. And obviously, we have a lot of assets in the portfolio that are performing very, very well, whether it be our ISV business, whether it be in Carat. 
But specifically, the growth in Clover, we believe, will happen both in the U.S. and then in our global expansion on it also. And we continue to see that have very, very strong visibility and how deployment will happen outside the U.S. during the course of this year. And then you layer on top of that the Caixa partnership, the [ Deutsche ] partnership, and you can see us extending out in all regions, really. 
So you should expect to see Clover growth. You should expect to see geographic expansion. But you should also expect to see strong e-comm trajectory along with ISV trajectory as we continue to invest in Clover and Carat and the ISV business and continue to fuel our international growth.

Maybe I'd say 1 or 2 other things. We have tremendous visibility due to the amount of wins you've heard us talk about. You could see that we have had very, very good momentum in the sales cycle, and that's all about future growth. 
I also think the investments we are making are for future growth. So the 7% to 9% we're talking about here in the medium term is what's right in front of us, and we have good visibility to it. But we also are integrating a lot of products building for the future, being very offensive towards how we're going to build. And so when you think about our spending, it's really not against this year's revenue, it's for future years' revenue.

I'll start, Bob could fill in. I mean it definitely had an effect. We saw it as we came through December. You definitely felt it, and outside the U.S., more than even inside the U.S., I'd say. But -- and it has spilled into January across basically dividend credit when you think about it and affect the spending in general. But I view that as a short-term issue, nothing systemic there. .
Bob, anything you want to add?

Yes. We have seen some of that deceleration in debit. Again, it was part of the December to January dynamic. We certainly see some nice lift from the credit issuer wins that started going live really the second half of 2021. So we've got good lift from those in the full year of 2022. And with Atlanticus and ADS yet to onboard here in early 2021, that will give us some nice lift. So I think our credit issuing business will perform nicely. 
The improvement or the new contract wins that we talked about in bill pay will help stem some of that headwind that we dealt with in 2021. And broadly, the contract wins and the implementations and new services, CardHub is certainly having an impact on both our debit and credit business as we bring a more fulsome solution, very digital, state-of-the-art capability into our clients. And we see some real opportunity there.

Yes. So first, the sale of the back book will -- we expect to take place this quarter. We're almost halfway through the quarter. It isn't closed yet, but we do expect it soon. So it will be a modest -- it's a modest impact to the year, less than 50 basis points to the adjusted revenue for the company for the year. So a pretty small impact to Q1, particularly given that it's not yet closed. But I think you're largely in line. I don't expect any difference in terms of the seasonality as you go from Q1 -- Q4 to Q1.

Yes. I mean we talked about $850 million, and then we have Finxact here. Also, I mean we feel very, very, very confident in our ability to deploy capital where appropriate and all of that is to further accelerate growth rate. And I accentuate further accelerate. 
Two, we think we're darn good at integrating these properties. And the properties that we've acquired, we've also had invested. We invest in properties early, watch them, grow with them, nurture them and integrate them. So I think you should expect that these things are all strategically thought about ahead of time, whether it was a restaurant segment, whether it's our ability to bring a complementary product across our core. Our ability is without scale to be able to acquire some of these founder-led companies and then utilize them across us. I mean you look at an Ondot, and that's already completely deployed, integrated and succeeding in the clients' office. 
So we feel good about our ability to deploy the capital. We feel good about the platform's ability to scale the use. And they're all to us, middle of the fairway of where our business model is. And that's how you should think about us deploying the capital or against acquisitions. Obviously, we added a very strong year in repurchasing also because we thought it was appropriate to return money to shareholders in that fashion, $2.6 billion. So I think it's a very balanced approach.

Yes. Why don't we start with that first? The concept on that is to really get you all to better understand the value being created for each client, that when you think about average revenue per merchant, Clover's impact to give you a real good look at the growth rate. And we talked to you about the e-comm business, too. We said [ covered them both ]. So when you look at it, you could see what that long-term ramp we have in here and the power of both of those platforms. So that would be answering the last part first. 
We had talked about $30 billion of capital to deploy. That number hasn't changed for us at all, in our changing in a conversion rate here. And if you want to think about what we're doing, I just -- I think it's about delivering integrated solutions as we acquire products, it's about delivering a changed experience ultimately in the client's office, all designed at long-term accelerated growth. So in many cases, we're also building functionality, which has given us a greater total addressable market as we approach it. 
So it's completely offensive in terms of us leaning into the opportunity. The beauty of this platform is its size and scale and its client base, and that size and scale in that client base avails us more opportunity than we actually imagine when we put the 2 companies together and the complementary nature of the assets and the ability to invest is really about growth. Bob?

Yes. Well, I would say, first of all, there's definitely a war on talent, and there's definitely an inflation. And when you look in our model, we've accounted for the world we live in within that guide. We are very maniacally focused on how to create these work environments that attract the best talent, retain the best talent and continue driving innovation in a manner that gives us the outcomes that we've been getting and continue to drive forward. You know, Bob, maybe...

I'd like to thank everyone for their attention today. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any questions, and have a great day. Thanks for your time today.