Thank you, Shub. Second quarter was a very strong quarter for us across the company. 
Total company adjusted revenue grew 20%. Adjusted operating margin grew 510 basis points, resulting in adjusted operating income growth of 41%. Adjusted EPS grew 47% to $1.37. Free cash flow in the quarter was in line with last year, just under $900 million, including the impact of a diminished NOL. Second quarter sales were up 31% with growth across the business. 
Our strong second quarter was driven by a combination of continued economic recovery and strong execution of our business strategy. 
On the macroeconomic side, we saw a continued recovery in the U.S. with uneven recovery in other parts of the world. The shift to digital commerce drove consumer demand for seamless experiences across channels. Amidst these trends, we executed on our strategies to continue to win business and grow share. 
We serve as the operating system for commerce across our client base, ranging from micro merchants to the world's largest corporations, financial institutions, banks and credit unions, Fintechs and governments. This enables us to focus not only on growth at our core, but also on new services, business models, and adjacencies. 
Given the strong results to date and our solid pipeline, we are raising our outlook range for internal revenue growth and now expect 10% to 12% growth for 2021 from 9% to 12% previously. Additionally, we are raising our adjusted EPS full year outlook and now expect a range of $5.50 to $5.60, up from $5.35 to $5.50 previously. The increased adjusted EPS guidance outlook represents a 24% to 27% growth versus last year. 
Drilling down to the business segments. The quarter was led by our Merchant Acceptance segment, which posted internal revenue growth of 41% year-over-year. Normalizing for the year-ago comps, the segment posted a 13% growth in the quarter on a 2-year basis above our pre-pandemic run rate. 
Both North America and international largely grew in line with the segment average. North America purchase volume was up 33% in the quarter led by strength in retail, petro, and restaurants. 
One of the trends that the pandemic has accelerated is the shift to omni-commerce. Consumers are increasingly looking to engage with merchants in whatever way is most convenient. Fiserv's ability to support clients with leading solutions in both brick-and-mortar and e-commerce environments is a differentiator. 
We saw the manifestation of this trend during the second quarter as offline commerce recovered with volumes growing 46% versus 2020 and 11% versus 2019. Online commerce volume also grew unabated at 21% year-over-year, highlighting the criticality of equipping merchants with omnichannel commerce capabilities. 
Our lead in omni-commerce is the reason we were honored with the Omnichannel Provider of the Year award from the Strawhecker Group, a leading payments industry analyst firm. As you know, Clover, Carat, and Clover Connect are Fiserv's 3 leading platforms for small- and medium-sized merchants, enterprises and ISVs, respectively. 
Starting with Clover, GPV in the quarter grew 96% year-over-year, reflecting a 38% CAGR since 2019 to $184 billion on an annualized basis. In the SMB space, we continue to build out vertical-specific solutions in retail, restaurants, and services. 
Our vertical sector strategy aims at expanding beyond the buy button offering an integrated suite of products that help merchants generate revenue and run their business. Value-added services on the Clover platform include Corporate Capital, Clover Dining, Clover Order Ahead, and Clover Inventory as well as our unique app marketplace, which provides access to services such as payroll management, loyalty, and marketing that enable us to increase our share of the merchant's wallet and become the platform of choice. 
On the enterprise side, Carat, our enterprise omnichannel ecosystem, continued its strong momentum in the second quarter with new wins and continued innovation in key verticals. In restaurants, Carat powers digital commerce for 10 of the top 15 QSRs. 
Carat has helped Burger King expand its mobile payments experience into Latin America; in restaurant brands, international expansion in the U.K. and other parts of EMEA. In grocery, where Carat now serves 9 of the top 10 grocers, we have helped new clients such as Wakefern, Aldi, and the companies of Ahold Delhaize U.S.A., expand their digital grocery ordering capabilities with new payment types. 
Evidence of Carat's commitment to the grocery industry and transform digital experience is exemplified by Carat's leading online EBT program that has processed $2.5 billion in GPV year-to-date. 
In retail, where Carat serves 7 of the top 10 retailers, we expand the e-merchant services by working with clients such as adidas on innovative solutions, including a new consumer recommendation engine. This engine connects digital experiences to local stores enabled by the integration of Radius8, an acquisition we completed in the first quarter of this year. 
Carat has also established new at-scale leadership with crypto wallets where we power Carat's funds in and funds out solutions. Through this capability, we help consumers move more than $4 billion in payments volume in and out of wallets for the past 12 months. 
In the second quarter alone, we moved $2 billion of volume, demonstrating the sharp ramp in digital currency movement. 
Moving to Clover Connect, our ISV-focused offering, momentum continued in the second quarter with ISV volume up 122% year-over-year. We signed 53 new ISV partners in the quarter, bringing the new ISV partnerships to 95 year-to-date. 
We're signing up buyers fees that are new to payments and those that are converting from competitors. Year-to-date, almost half of our wins are competitive takeaways. Our ISV partners drive great value in getting access to our partner management tool, CoPilot, in integrating with Clover. 
On our Investor Day, we talked to you about our Merchant Acceptance growth strategy for international. We remain focused on growing our global market presence with world-class bank partners and through our direct channels, all while leveraging the strength of common platforms and connections. 
In the quarter, we announced the JV with Deutsche Bank in Germany that offers us access to over 800,000 merchants, many of whom we'll power with our Clover platform. In Asia Pacific region, we won a multi-country acquiring processing mandate from Citibank for its new integrated digital commerce offering, Spring by Citi. 
Early in July, we began onboarding and processing payment transactions as part of the merchant acquiring services agreement signed with Brazil's Caixa Bank in April of this year. The onboarding began 70 days after contract signing once again, demonstrating our speed to market. 
In addition to the successes I mentioned above, in our Merchant Acceptance segment yesterday, we announced a strategic relationship with Goldman Sachs to integrate cross-border payment functionality into our B2B accounts receivable and accounts payable solution, SnapPay. As you know, B2B payments is a vast and growing market, ripe with opportunity. We believe that in partnership with Goldman Sachs, we can deliver best-in-class B2B payment capabilities, enhancing visibility, operational efficiencies, and cost savings for our large and mid-market business clients. 
Moving to the Payments and Network segment. We posted internal revenue growth of 7% over the second quarter of last year. Positives in the quarter included the continued growth of sales, continued strength in debit transaction volume, initial recovery in credit account volumes, and international growth with some weakness in bill pay, although results improved sequentially. 
The differentiated and industry-leading businesses within our Payments and Network portfolio and our agile execution are the key reasons why we continue to win with clients. We are proceeding well with onboarding $120 million of credit issuing wins we told you about on our Investor Day. We completed boarding Atlanticus in Q2 and have completed several stages of migrating both Alliance Data and Genesis Financial to the Optus environment. In less than 12 months, after announcing these 3 banner wins, we are poised to recognize revenue on all 3 clients in the third quarter of this year. 
We continue to grow our relationship with innovative growth-stage Fintechs, digital banks, and consumer lenders. In June, we signed an agreement with Prosper, a Fintech pioneer and a premier AI-driven consumer lending marketplace for credit card processing services. This space is a growth focus for us. 
Our revenue with Fintech issuers grew over 300% during the first half of this year versus the same period in 2019. On Investor Day, you'll recall that driving best-in-class integrated digital consumer journeys is a key differentiator and imperative for our clients. 
Experiences are the new currency of loyalty. Customers gravitate towards institutions that could give them a unified, seamless experience across both channels and products. To that end, yesterday, we announced enhanced Fiserv digital capabilities for integrated digital banking and card management. 
This enriched mobile-first suite will enable financial institutions to offer their consumer and business customers a best-in-class digital banking experience that's designed for the way customers expect to engage. 
To introduce these enhanced capabilities, we rapidly integrated 2 recent acquisitions, Ondot and SpendLabs. The result is a single unified platform for consumer and small and midsized business cardholders that enables expense and business card management. 
This offering allows us to deliver a single point of access for all banking products. 
Our enhanced Fiserv digital capabilities will span all 3 business segments: In Payments through a leading digital cardholder experience; in Financial Technology, by driving the penetration of our core account processing and digital surrounds; in Merchant Acceptance, by increasing the uptake of value-added services from integrating SpendLabs with our Clover platform. We expect to see incremental usage, engagement, and services revenue on the Fiserv platform as a result. 
Before I close out the Payments segment, I would like to mention the strong growth we are seeing in our debit networks, STAR and Accel as we are winning new issuers through our ability to support all transaction type, including best-in-class fraud management and chargeback products. 
Moving to the Financial Technologies segment. The quarter was in line with our expectations, posting internal revenue growth of 5%, including an 80 basis points headwind from periodic revenue. 
I want to highlight some key achievements in the quarter that reflect our strong market position. We added 10 new core account processing clients in the quarter, including 8 on the DNA platform and 4 in the over $1 billion asset size market. 
As the smaller end of the banking industry consolidates, we're moving up the asset chains, winning share in the $1 billion to $50 billion market. One such win is SunStream business services, a service entity, which spans 12 financial institutions and provides business and technology services to farm credit associations, totaling more than $115 billion in assets. SunStream will be convert into DNA in a number of surround solutions. 
Continuing our strong momentum in the de novo bank market, we signed [ LCA ] Financial Services, a newly created -- a newly chartered bank focused on small business. While we continue to win with our digital surround solutions, Abiliti is the new paradigm in digital banking, a single retail and business online and mobile platform. 
We had our first client go live on the Abiliti platform in the second quarter with more than 100 clients signed up. We are also fully embracing openness as a strategy. 
The Fiserv Developer Studio is aimed at attracting the developer community to build innovative products using the range of APIs we expose across cards, payments, banking, small, medium and large businesses. Additionally, we are building a pre-integrated Fintech app marketplace where our financial institutions clients can acquire, test, and deploy third-party apps seamlessly, easily and quickly. 
This openness strategy creates a net new revenue opportunity within our existing client base while widening the value-added services opportunity. 
With that, let me update you on our integration efforts. Through the second quarter, we already actioned $1.1 billion -- over $1.1 billion of cost savings and are well on our way to completing a $1.2 billion cost synergy objective by the end of this year. With the majority of the integration work behind us, we are focused on driving further growth and sustainable value in the years ahead. 
On the revenue side, we're pleased with the level of synergy sales, which accelerated in the second quarter. As of the end of the second quarter, we've already actioned $325 million in annual revenue synergies, and our synergy sales pipeline is growing robustly and we expect to meet or exceed our $600 million target over the 5 years post merger. 
Revenue synergies in the quarter were driven by payments, debit network, and card sales across our 3 major client segments: FIs, corporates, and government. Additionally, as the partner of choice, we continue to see momentum in our bank merchant program. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the results we've delivered. The quality of our assets, our relentless focus on innovation, our agility, speed of new client implementation with examples like [ Caixa ], ADS, Atlanticus and Genesis put us in a great spot to serve our clients. 
Our speed to market with the enhanced Fiserv digital capabilities for banking and card management announced yesterday, along with the integration of business expense management into the Clover platform, all of which leverage the full capabilities of recent acquisitions, Ondot and SpendLabs add to our continued success. 
In addition to delivering on our financial results, we continue to focus on our people and on our communities. Earlier this month, Fiserv was named by Forbes as the Best Employer for Diversity, recognizing our commitment to putting diversity at the forefront of our values and having implemented long-term initiatives to create a more inclusive environment. 
During the quarter, we published our first annual corporate social responsibility report, which is available on the Corporate Social Responsibility section of our website. We also expanded our back-to-business grant program beyond the original locations that were selected in 2020. 
In May, we partnered with the New York Mets to recognize small businesses as part of our Asian, American, and Pacific Islander Heritage month. And in June, we awarded grants to businesses in Tulsa as part of the centennial observation of the Tulsa race massacre. 
None of these achievements would have been possible without our world-class talent. I thank our more than 40,000 associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders. 
And finally, before I close, I want to congratulate the Milwaukee Bucks for winning the NBA championship at Fiserv Forum last week. The Bucks, our terrific partners, and our partnership goes way beyond putting our name on their arena. Clover has been deployed throughout Fiserv Forum for food and beverage concessions, providing attendees with seamless, quick and easy transactions. They also partnered with us for several back-to-business events earlier this year. Congratulations to the entire Milwaukee Bucks organization. 
With that, operator, let's open up the line for questions.

Well, I think it starts with the U.S. has been the strong spot in the recovery right now. You heard us talk about uneven is outside the U.S. But I do think it would be -- we saw a robust -- you saw a robust, even last July when it all began coming back. 
I do think you got to focus on the 3 legs in the U.S. and internationally. The 3 legs are Clover, Carat, and Clover Connect, right? And all of those were continued investments, continued build-out, and we're seeing it show up in the client's office. 
So I would say really driven by U.S. When you see that we say U.S. and international for the quarter performed fundamentally evenly, that was a spotty evenness, meaning not every country was the same, and you could kind of map to where recoveries are happen or not. 
So I think it's all about our platform strategy and our client strategy that's driving the outcomes. And I think our team's galvanized very well around it.

I think the answer to that is yes. I mean, there is concern in the world, right? I mean -- so that's a little bit in the how we think about it when we talk to you about what we're doing. 
So there is a degree of us saying the world is not out of the woods yet, although I think they've learned how to grow with this. So it's highly possible what you're saying could happen. I mean, we're driving the business to get the results we're getting. You see all the partnerships we're aligning to bring more. So yes, I'd say it's possible. But the world has spottiness right now, too.

I'd start off with -- first and foremost, I do not anticipate them conducting additional secondary offerings. Their holdings are just under 10% now. And they have told us they intend to sell shares on the open market over time in a routine and pragmatic way going forward. So I don't think we're going to see another secondary.

Well, I think we're in every vertical. And I think we have -- I mean, we talk about grocer, QSR, retail, but we're in gaming. We're across the board. 
You don't have a business of this size and scale that isn't serving all markets. 
And when you look at our capability, we do a good job of bringing base capability and then segmenting to what verticals specifically need. So I think we are completely deployed against -- and we're deployed against growth. I mean, we're deployed against growth. Where we invest is where we believe the growth of our segments are.

I'd start with 3 on leverage that will be well behind us. And we did talk about Investor Day, $30 billion of free cash. 
And so, I think you also see us continuing the strategy of taking Silicon Valley digital expertise and capability integrated into our company and fundamentally creating experiences that nobody in our peer group can do. 
You start with Clover back in the day. And when I talked about Ondot, I did say that the acquisition of Ondot and then subsequently SpendLabs, but Ondot specifically, would bring a Clover-like effect to our company. And the fact that -- so you'll still see us deploy capital to those type of acquisitions, but I want to bring clarity to what I mean in a Clover type. 
We've created a single instance for consumers to be able to get every banking product they have and have card functionality that surpasses the industry by a lot. So we have tremendous -- everything from digital issuance to the ability to put it in the wallet. I think you got to really think about what we're doing there. 
And then we will invest in these products quite heavily, right? So I think you'll see us continue to do those type of acquisitions that drive the digital presence, but we've done things unparalleled through those acquisitions. 
So we talked about $30 billion. You see the properties we've bought. You see us integrating those properties, integrating for growth. And I think you'll see us always though, using buybacks as a benchmark.

That's correct.

Well, why don't I start off with look at -- I think Clover's a platform of choice, and Clover is a partner platform of choice. And we did talk about that Clover would get other distribution channels. And that distribution could be our own outside the U.S., it could be with our ISV partners. And then just in our base core business, our own. 
I mean, when we're -- your question is share when you're as big as we are, we're competing with everybody, and we feel that Clover's at the top of the list of what people want as a product. So I think it is about the differentiated product and the capability that gets as the type of numbers you saw in this quarter.

Yes. Well, you see a number of things going on our Fintech segment. But let me bring -- I want to bring complete clarity on the digital offering because I think it affects both core and our digital business. 
And ultimately, what we have a deep belief is that we're here to help our clients serve their clients. So the ability to take 2,100 mobility banks and bring them a fully integrated card experience at the highest level of card via the Ondot and bring that in a way that maybe a simple way to think about it is everything you can imagine in one application that allows you to do everything from originate transactions, to digital card issuance, to digital card view, to card-free cash, all in the same place that you're doing your bill pay and you're doing your Zelle transactions. 
So we're going to take 2,100 Mobiliti clients, 1,300 CardValet and bringing that to them. And then that will be what we all -- and those are financial institutions. We believe that will also help our clients increase their digital adoption quotient with their clients. 
So we see this as a game changer. So it's early innings. We got banks up and running on it, and we will deploy. And then you hear us talking about on top of all of that, for financial institutions. We bring in Abiliti that sits on top of all of it. 
But the most important thing to think about is our cores are strategic. The front end though is where we believe the tip of the spear and where we win to help our clients serve their clients. And I mean, you saw what we posted now, but I look forward to continuing to generate more revenue through better function we bring to clients that allow them to do more with their clients. 
And then you got an integration of a SpendLab into Clover, which allows -- these are our digital platforms. We're talking about digital platforms, one-of-a-kind digital platform. 
So -- and I think what you should take away, there's an element of this company that's digitally agile and can deliver, and you saw it on those credit conversions. I think those are good track rate speeds for those size and scope cautious unparalleled. 70 days from signing. We're boarding merchants for them every day. And then you look at us taking SpendLabs and Ondot and I think we're going to have that same effect that Clover had when we look years out from now.

Well, I feel -- obviously, you've watched over time, the type of properties we buy. Our ISV strategy, it was born out of acquisition. Now it's a winning strategy. Clover was born out of acquisition. And I think you'd have to argue that's a bigger than winning strategy. You'll watch these assets: Ondot, and SpendLabs. So I think you're just going to continue. 
I don't think it needs to be dilutive to EPS. I think we know how to make it accretive, pretty darn quick. And what I just talked about was kind of the dream of the acquisition when we put the companies together, that we could take an asset like an Ondot and spread it all the way through because of what a great bank partner we were and that we could bring it all the way from merchant to our Fintech. 
So I think you should expect us to continue to do more like that. And I think we have a skill at it, that we keep the talent, we grow the talent, and we build a bigger digital gene pool in the process.

Yes. I mean I think you see the credit momentum, and you see us talking about that we'll have a good second half revenue from that. 
You see, general, that's on the wins, and then you see general credit momentum beginning in our portfolio. Debit networks, I talked about the strength in them, and we feel very, very strongly about what's going on there in debit transaction growth. 
So when you put all those in the calculation, you saw us go from 2% to 7%, and you should expect us to continue our trajectory north.

Yes.

Yes. And I think the thing is our capabilities around fraud, and chargeback management, and our capabilities to serve as the biggest issuers is very deep. And I think that many times, even the third network is very valuable to everybody, both merchants and issuers. 
And so, in STAR and Accel, we've invested heavily in them and that's why we get the type of transaction growth you're seeing there. So we like -- we really, really love this about our networks. 
So thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your support. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team. Stay safe, and have a great day.