Thank you, Shub. Great to have you on the team. 2021 is off to a strong start, with Q1 at or better than our expectations across a broad range of metrics. The strength of our results reflects our continued investment in technology, innovation, our client portfolio and our people through the COVID-19 pandemic. Let me provide a brief overview of our strong financial results in the quarter. 
You may have noticed our Q1 earnings presentation has been updated. If you're following along, I will provide some overview comments captured on the first 3 pages, and then Bob will provide more detail on the subsequent slides. 
Total company internal revenue growth was 4% for the quarter, including low double-digit growth in March. That performance was led by our Merchant Acceptance segment, which was up 8%, an exceptional result in light of the global pandemic and continued COVID restrictions, particularly in Brazil, India and a variety of countries in EMEA for much of the quarter. 
Adjusted operating margin grew 360 basis points, resulting in an 18% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Free cash flow grew 8% to $821 million, a 103% conversion to adjusted net income. Our sales momentum remains quite strong as first quarter sales were up 42%, with strong results in our payments and international businesses. And this momentum continues into the second quarter. 
Yesterday, we announced a 20-year agreement with Caixa Econômica Federal to become the exclusive provider of merchant acquiring services. Caixa is one of Brazil's largest banks with more than 26,000 sales outlets and a broad presence throughout all of Brazil, making this one of the largest wins for our company in Latin America and one of the largest globally. 
Also this morning, we announced a new solution with PayPal to enable our merchant network across the Clover and Carat platforms to accept payments via PayPal and Venmo through QR codes presented at the point of sale. We believe this is an important offering for our merchants as consumer preferences continue to shift towards touch-free transactions. 
The combination of robust sales and excellent pipeline is evidence that our formula of bringing the strength and breadth of Fiserv's offerings, together with our integrated sales model, is extremely well received in the client's office and we believe bodes well for the future. 
Now I'd like to update you on how our leading digital-enabled merchant business is performing. Through Clover, our leading SMB platform; Carat, our enterprise omnichannel commerce solution; and Clover Connect, our rich ISV solution set, we continue to drive innovation, expand partnerships and deliver leading solutions to our merchant clients. The momentum within the digital-enabled segments of the merchant business continues to be excellent. 
Clover's gross payment volume grew 36% year-over-year to $141 billion annualized. To provide some more context around the strength of the Clover platform, GPV has grown 75% from $81 billion in Q1 to 2019 -- in Q1 to $141 billion in Q1 this year despite the economic headwinds from the pandemic. 
Carat, our enterprise omnichannel solution, continued to perform very well. E-commerce transactions grew 24% compared to the prior year. Omnichannel transactions, such as order ahead and pick up in store, were up over 122% year-over-year. We won a record 51 new enterprise level e-commerce clients in the first quarter, including Cost Plus World Market, a U.S. specialty retailer, for which Fiserv has been chosen to provide e-commerce gateway, point-of-sale hardware devices and value-added services like security tokenization. 
We had a very strong results for sales internationally. The notable wins in EMEA include Selecta, Europe's leading self-service retailer, offering coffee and convenience food solutions, for which Fiserv has been chosen to provide acquiring services in unattended POS hardware. And once again, we extended our relationship with one of the largest e-commerce marketplaces in the region. In APAC, we won the merchant acquiring business for Australia's second largest bill payment provider. 
We also expanded our relationship with key brands such as State Farm, where we are piloting a new digital payout experience for insurance claims. Recognizing our innovation to bring digital payments to all consumers, Fiserv was named one of the world's most innovative companies by Fast Company for our role in enabling the acceptance of U.S. Department of Agriculture's SNAP Online EBT payments during the pandemic. 
We continue to see great momentum in the ISV space with Clover Connect. In the first quarter, we signed 42 new ISV partners. Our continued strength in expanding partner relationships is driving strong results in active merchants, which were up 38% in Q1 and ISV revenue channel growth, which was up 34%. 
For example, during the quarter, Fiserv further cemented its leads in the mortgage servicing software vertical by signing a strategic partnership agreement with Mortgage Cadence, an Accenture company, which provides loan origination software for the mortgage industry. This is yet another example of a successful integrated sale continuing to fuel future growth in our ISV channel. 
Additionally, we are continuing to build and enhance our existing ISV relationships by leveraging our technology and market knowledge. In the quarter, we finalized an agreement with eTailPet to move their large set of existing merchants to us and build upon the agreement we had in place for new merchants. 
Moving to our account processing business, we continue to expand our number of privileged relationships across financial institutions of all sizes and types. We signed 10 new core account processing clients in the quarter, including 5 on the DNA platform. I'd like to highlight a few of our recent wins. 
As we mentioned on our last earnings call, we signed Republic First Bank, a commercial bank with more than $5 billion in assets and rated America's Best Bank by Forbes, for a full-service of Fiserv products, including core processing, card services and output solutions in February. Additionally, we signed 2 de novo banks in the quarter, including Genesis Bank, a newly chartered bank focused as a minority depository institution. This win continues to show our commitment to supporting minority communities. 
A majority of these illustrative wins were competitive takeaways with a common characteristic. The client selected a leading core platform plus multiple surround digital solutions to support their goals of sustained growth and superior customer service. These wins also reflect the strength of our offering for a wide range of clients, from de novo banks to large financial institutions. 
In our Payment and Network segment, we continue to leverage the power of our combined solutions to drive revenue synergies. In Q1, we signed a significant new agreement to provide statement and letter services to a major U.S. health care services provider, strengthening our position in this industry vertical. 
Further building on our digital momentum, in Q1, we signed agreements to provide digital solutions to First Horizon Bank as well as PenFed Credit Union, in both cases, leveraging our newly acquired Ondot capabilities. Through Ondot, we can enable our FI clients to offer their cardholders personalized, real time, digital experiences, driving cardholder engagement and spend. We expect continued adoption of these digital solutions across our client base. 
With that, let me update you on our integration efforts. Through Q1, we've already actioned nearly $1.1 billion of cost savings and are well on our way to deploying action of $1.2 billion cost synergy objective by the end of this year. With the majority of the integration work behind us, we are focused on driving further growth and sustainable value in the years ahead. 
On the revenue side, we're pleased with the level of synergy sales, which accelerated in the first quarter. As of the end of Q1, we've already actioned $265 million in annual revenue synergies, and our synergy sales pipeline is growing robustly and we expect to meet or exceed our $600 million target over the 5 years post-merger. 
Our bank merchant program continues to be a synergy opportunity and offers financial institutions of all sizes the ability to offer their important merchant clients a modern suite of merchant-acquiring capabilities, including the innovative Clover platform, along with digital capabilities like loyalty programs and e-commerce solutions. In the first quarter, we added 34 new bank merchant clients, 6 with assets over $1 billion. Additionally, half of these wins were competitive takeaways. The pipeline remains robust for the rest of 2021. 
One final point on our digital initiatives before turning it over to Bob. As you've heard us discuss in the past, one of the most important strategic initiatives is to redefine the client experience by utilizing the latest technology to drive innovation and offer digital capabilities across our payments ecosystem. 
An example of our commitment to this area is the acquisition of Ondot Systems, a leading digital experience platform provider for financial institutions of all sizes, which closed in the first quarter. We also acquired Radius8, a cloud-based platform that adds hyperlocalized commerce capabilities to Carat, thereby enhancing our beyond the buy button strategy. Last but not least, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire Pineapple Payments, a leading ISO focused on integrated payments. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. Given our strong Q1 performance and an improved economic outlook, we are raising the low end of our outlook range for both internal revenue and adjusted EPS growth. We now expect 2021 internal revenue growth to be in the 9% to 12% range versus 8% to 12% previously. We expect adjusted EPS to be in the $5.35 to $5.50 range, which is a 21% to 24% growth over last year. This is up $0.05 at the bottom end from our prior outlook. 
We continue to expect adjusted operating margin to expand by at least 250 basis points and free cash flow conversion to be greater than 108% for the year. The group range for internal revenue and adjusted EPS growth outlook are grounded in our performance to date, the current state of the economy and our internal assumptions about the trajectory of economic recovery, both of which have improved versus February when we provided our prior outlook. 
To remind you, the low end of our original outlook in February assumed no material economic recovery from where we were at that time. Similarly, the 9% at the low end of our updated outlook assumes the same, no material economic recovery for the remainder of the year. Regionally, we are seeing good economic progress in the U.S., driven both by government stimulus as well as COVID vaccine distribution with uneven recovery outside the U.S. as more pronounced COVID impacts persisted in parts of EMEA, LatAm and APAC. 
As we indicated during our last earnings call, given the timing of the pandemic impact last year, we expect more variability in quarterly growth in 2021. Given difficult comparisons, we expected Q1 performance to be below our full year outlook range and it was. We expect Q2 growth rates will be above the full year outlook range, driven by our business momentum and an easier year-ago comparison. 
I'm proud of the results we've delivered as we navigate the ongoing global crisis. Our business has shown incredible strength and resilience leading to what we expect to be our 36th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth in 2021 and setting a foundation for even stronger results beyond. 
In addition to delivering on our financial results, we continue to focus on our communities. During the quarter, we successfully completed our Back2Business grant program in the original 6 locations that were selected in 2020. We also held 2 additional programs in Milwaukee, partnering with the Milwaukee Bucks to celebrate Black History Month, and in March, a second event, partnering with the Bucks and Nancy Lieberman during Women's History Month to award additional grants to minority-, women-owned small businesses. 
Last, let me thank our more than 40,000 talented associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and for you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.

Yes. I'd take it at the macro level. January and February, obviously, began a little movement up in volume, but really not very much. If you remember, in February, we talked to you all and gave a little look at what we saw up until then. And that's when we took really that bottom end up from -- for the full firm, up from 7 to 8 because we felt that it felt better than it did when we talked to you on December 8 at Investor Day. 
We did see a strong March. We saw a weaker February in the U.S. I'd credit a fair amount of that to weather that you saw going on with sort of a stronger March. But I think on top of that, we saw more lockdowns in EMEA and Brazil as I had talked about previously, although hampered tremendously by COVID still had spending going on. And I'd say as we come into April and as we're kind of heading to the end of it, we see the progression in the U.S. Obviously, India is a challenged environment in total right now. EMEA is beginning to open up. And Brazil continues to perform and why we take the bottom-up from 8 to 9 there if that's helpful to you.

Yes. I think you're thinking about it right. I mean, look at -- as end January versus last January was definitely a bad compare. I would consider Q2 and why we talk about it as being outside the top end of the range is because it's against a weak comp. So I would expect that seasonality to perform better than you would have ever seen.

Yes. I think, think about Clover growth, very, very strong. E-comm wins and that's a backlog that's onboarding, continues to be very, very strong. Our ISV business performing well. I mean, lockdowns in EMEA definitely affect us, and I would see us coming we could feel that in the U.K. opening up. 
Our client mix, we've been bullish on the whole way. But I've also been very clear that we have a huge, diverse client base from SMBs to large ends of rises and across every industry sector as well as a large presence in geographies. And so I think when you look at [ outlook ], we still have lagging verticals, restaurants, travel and services. So we have an expectation in the later second quarter and the third quarter that those recover well. 
We've invested heavily in Clover, continue to do it heavily; and Carat, continue to do it and heavily; Clover Connect. So I look forward to us being able to continue the type of momentum we have for a long time.

I'd say, first of all, we've continued to [ be in there ]. And when you hear us talk about the addition of new bank programs, we view every one of those as us ultimately driving digital adoption, right? We always believe that partners were great places for digital adoption. And we believe Clover itself was a great place for digital adoption. 
When you look at the totality of our business globally, I would still put it in the not meaningful in total category, but a channel which continues to accelerate its growth and one that we believe we will deliver more integrated opportunities for digital sign up. And when you think about the things we will do longer term with our bank partners, having a one of a kind digital experience for that bank merchant partner while continuing to work with Paychex and the Verizons also and using our direct channel to digitally sign up. 
So I think it will be part of the 5-year journey we talked about. It's not the overwhelming part of our sign up machine. But our capability is huge and our ability to attract new partners because of that digital capability and sign up merchants has been contributing to the growth rate.

Well, I think it fits completely in our strategy. We've always viewed us as a partner of choice, a great distributor. We operate in basically every vertical and every capability. And you hear us today talk about extending our relationship in Brazil and Latin America with one of the largest e-comm players that's really an example of us, our commitment to marketplaces actually. And you'll see that happen internally on new up-and-coming marketplaces, us being an enabler and a distributor for them, too. So I think we have a deep commitment there. I think our capabilities are strong. And you hear it in the things we say today in our announcement.

Well, if you think about -- it's a global business we're in. So you saw us announce a large deal in Brazil. And we've been -- we started that Brazilian business back in '14 and '15. And we've been taking share beyond where anybody thought was capable in that market itself. So I'd point to that because we weren't a big ISV player back in '15, '16 or probably '17 until we bought CardConnect and Bluepay. But then we stitched it together with Clover and began that journey and we see that. You well know how probably people thought we were an e-comm lagger, and we continue to win in that space. 
Now in some of these cases, it's new markets. But in many cases, it's taking it from all the places you would suspect. And I would look at us saying, hey, if you go through the hundreds of bank merchant wins we've talked about, fundamentally, those are 50% takeaways. So we continue to compete against everybody very strongly, and that's in every market and in every vertical. And it gets back to what we had said on Investor Day, when you look at this portfolio at Clover, with Clover Connect, with Carat, with global distribution, with the client base that we have from largest in the world, the corner, as I like to say, at the corner store. I think we built a business that's the most diverse and probably has the most technology, in all honesty.

Yes. Well, a pandemic gets a lot of people to shut down their businesses, it gets lot of people to open up new businesses. I think we're going to see the strongest small business formation in the second half that we've ever seen. And that's why these channels we have are so invaluable. Our commitment to the small businesses, you probably saw us even as a technical provider, one of a few to the SBA for the restaurant brands. 
So I think we've done a good job over the long-haul of keeping our clients. And I think our Clover platform, our ISV platform and our Carat platform all are well received by our client base. And I look for strength in small business formation even for those who shut down to come back in a different shape and form. 
So I guess churn seems very good for us if you want to think about attrition. I mean, we feel strong about the job we're doing. And of course, any client leaving upsets us at any level. But I think the other point we got to put on top of it is a tremendously strong small business formation and why all these channels we have, we believe, are so darn valuable for us in that process.

Yes. I mean, STAR and EXL are standout performers for us. And our investment in that business continues to be large. I think you'll continue to see us invest, work hard on PINless debit and other aspects around signature too, as we had talked about over time. That's a long haul. It's not a short haul. It's a lot of infrastructure work, but we're investing heavily in the network, and we have a deep belief in the growth of the network and the power of the network, especially in this company, where we have a network business and we have merchants and it's good for financial institutions, STAR and EXL together and good ground merchants. 
So a long journey, but that will continue to be something that we'll talk to you about, and we're committed to and show is part of the star performing businesses in the company, no pun intended.

Well, I'd say, first, we felt great about our capabilities and the total hand we have. The tuck-ins have played very, very well for us for a very long time. I think you look at Ondot, and you're going to see that get spread across the product base, the client base, that digital capability in an integrated fashion. I think Pineapple takes us in another area around our ISV capability. 
I think if you look at Radius8, it is about bringing that across this large platform, so they play very, very well for us. We've been very committed to our capital allocation strategy, tried and true. And all these acquisitions sit exactly within that envelope. But of course, we pay attention, think about everything, and this is a dynamic world that keeps changing. So I think we're pretty committed to the path we're on, and we think about all things in the market always around the table. And so it has to work for our shareholders for it to make sense, and that's what we love about our capital allocation strategy.

I think the U.K. is -- we could feel it. We see it. I think I had referred to that potentially somewhere along the line here today. I think Ireland still has challenges. But our expectation is that the second half EMEA is in a recovery. I don't want to be thinking too hard about this quarter itself as much as the full year. And we believe our EMEA business will perform well in the second half. I think it's been under pressure in the first half.

I'd like to thank everybody for their time today. I look forward to talking to you all, and we appreciate everything you do. Have a great day.