Thanks, Tiffany. Nicely done on your first earnings call. Good afternoon to everyone joining us today. We delivered strong financial results, including 5% internal revenue growth in both the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year. Additionally, internal revenue [ has been ] 5% over the rolling 12 months, ending in this year's third quarter. Adjusted EPS grew 23% in the quarter and is up a very strong 26% year-to-date. We remain well on track to meet our financial commitments for the year while continuing to invest in your company. 
Free cash flow for the quarter was up 22% to $322 million and is over $800 million year-to-date, both of which include the divestiture impact of our lending business. We continue to focus on share repurchase as our primary capital benchmark allocating $438 million in the quarter and, for the year-to-date, have repurchased $1.2 billion. 
Before we dive into the results, let me provide perspective on the approximately $690 million acquisition of the debit-based assets of Elan Financial Services, which closed today. This acquisition, with annual revenue of over $170 million, extends our leadership in payments, broadens client reach and scale and provides new solutions to enhance the value proposition for our existing 3,000 debit solution clients. We're excited about the opportunity to extend our Payments franchise and welcome more than 300 talented associates to Fiserv. 
Scale is becoming increasingly important in the payments network and processing businesses. We have spent the last several years quietly migrating more than 1,200 clients to a single debit platform with our most advanced capabilities. We plan to leverage those experiences to successfully migrate the more than 1,000 acquired Elan clients to our platform over the next couple of years. 
We see revenues synergy opportunities across 3 primary areas. First, we have a number of solutions in our existing card portfolio to make available to the existing clients in areas such as the ACCEL network, enhanced risk, card production and digital capabilities, such as CardValet. The acquisition also provides a couple of new solutions, which are additive to our portfolio and should contribute to internal revenue growth. 
As part of the transaction, we acquired Money Pass, the second-largest surcharge free ATM network in the U.S. with over 33,000 in-network ATMs. In addition, we acquired a small but strong ATM Managed Services capability, which extends our existing ATM offerings and payments differentiation. 
The third opportunity is to provide other Fiserv solutions outside of card payments as the substantial majority of the acquired clients are not currently Fiserv account processing clients. Over time, we expect to compete for new revenue opportunities by demonstrating our solution strength and integration advantage. 
Overall, we believe the synergy opportunity from consolidating to a scaled, market-leading platform will add value to the acquired clients and deliver meaningful cost benefits over the next 24 months. We also believe the revenue synergies to be equally significant but will have a longer ramp given existing client contracts and sales lead times. We generally expect to be at the revenue synergy run rate over a 4- to 5-year period. Given synergy timing, we expect this transaction to be modestly accretive to earnings in 2019 and to grow over time. 
With that, let's move to our 3 key shareholder priorities for 2018, which are: first, continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings commitments; next, to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions; and third, to deliver innovation and integration, which enables differentiated value for our clients. 
As I mentioned, we achieved 5% internal revenue growth in the quarter and year-to-date, driven by strong results from a number of our businesses, including card, biller and bank solutions. Internal revenue growth is up 170 basis points versus the comparable 9-month period and is 5% for the trailing 12 months. As you know, we are making and we will continue to make investments to ensure your business delivers sustained competitive advantage and excellence for our clients, balanced against delivering results that are consistent with expectations. 
To that end, adjusted earnings per share was up 23% for the quarter and 26% year-to-date from a combination of operating leverage, tax rate reductions and capital deployment. These very strong adjusted EPS results were delivered in spite of a 100 basis point decline in adjusted operating margin in the quarter and down 20 basis points year-to-date. 
The year-over-year decline was due primarily to the lending divestiture, margin-dilutive acquisitions and the investment pool established from tax savings earlier in the year. But for these items, adjusted operating margin in the quarter and year-to-date would have been up 60 basis points and 130 basis points, respectively, compared to the prior year. We continue to believe we will achieve our revenue and earnings commitments for the year, consistent with our first shareholder priority. 
Our second focus is to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solution. DNA is positioned as the leading charter-agnostic real-time account processing platform continued with 8 signings in the quarter. We announced the addition of CFCU Community Credit Union with over $1 billion of assets to our new Digital Edge solution suite, which is anchored by DNA. In a competitive process, CFCU selected our comprehensive digital-centric platform to provide their members access to our leading digital and payment solutions integrated into DNA. Market interest in Digital Edge is growing, and we believe it will be a longer-term differentiator for the digital-first market. 
We had 8 DNA clients go live in the quarter and a total of more than 20 since January. We expect nearly 30 DNA clients to go live in the year, which would be a record number of annual implementations. 
We continue to see important growth both for us and our clients across our digital banking solutions. Mobiliti ASP subscribers grew by 23% in the quarter to just under 8 million. Due to strong demand, we have expended our Architect implementation teams and expect to bring 12 clients live in Q4 alone, which will double the number of go lives for the full year. We anticipate exiting the year with strong Architect sales, a large implementation backlog and continuing market momentum. 
We're seeing interest in sales activity in platform modernization with our recently acquired Dovetail Payments Platform. We are pleased to sign Union Bank with $160 billion of assets to enable their connectivity to the TCH real-time payments network. We also signed BBVA Compass with nearly $90 billion of assets to help modernize their enterprise payment capabilities in the shift towards real-time settlement.
 
We were recognized in the quarter by IDC for our Real Result Award for next-generation payments for enabling Instant Payments in our Dovetail solution for Intesa Sanpaolo, the leading bank in Italy with a strong international footprint. 
Our third priority is to deliver innovation and integration, which enables differentiated value for our clients. Zelle continues to garner significant market focus and attention, leading us to sign more than 50 new Zelle clients in the quarter. We were also pleased to bring Dollar Bank, with $8.5 billion in assets, live in the quarter. We expect a continuing ramp of new Zelle clients in Q4 and meaningful acceleration in 2019. 
We remain focused on ways to accelerate implementation cycles to meet the growing market demand. Zelle transactions were up more than 50% sequentially, and through September 30, are more than 10x the prior year level. Our conviction in Zelle remains high as financial institutions accelerate their focus at the intersection of digital capabilities and real-time money movement.
Lastly, we are seeing additional interest in our Immediate Funds solution, which provides financial institutions the opportunity to provide their customers with instant access to deposited funds. A top 10 bank selected our solution in the quarter to address this evolving opportunity and plans to offer this service to their customers across multiple channels. 
With that, let me turn the call over to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. Sales performance in the quarter was off a bit more than expected, coming in at 69% of quota and declined 29% from the prior year. The sizable amount of the decline came from 2 large long-tenured transactions in the prior year period. Normalizing for contract term only, sales would have been down by 13% in the period. 
Year-to-date, book sales are down 8% but up 1% when adjusting for the term differential. Quota attainment for the year-to-date was 80%. The domestic pipeline continues to grow and is up 30% over the prior year. We expect very strong sales in the fourth quarter.
We continue to make excellent progress on our operational effectiveness initiatives. We achieved another $13 million of savings in the quarter and are at $45 million attainment for the first 9 months of the year. We now expect to exceed our annual goal of $50 million of savings. 
The financial services environment remains strong, with rising interest rates, positive tax momentum and a benign credit landscape. We continue to see meaningful demand in areas where we have invested, such as consumer and commercial digital, risk management and real-time payments. 
The Zelle opportunity remains robust as the industry looks to claw back the P2P space and create technology optionality for the future. M&A remains active as financial institutions continue to focus on gaining scale and increasing deposit balances, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future.
As we said upfront, we remain on track to achieve our key financial objectives for 2018, which includes an increase in our internal revenue growth rate to at least 4.5% for the year. As a reminder, for comparison, last year's fourth quarter was our strongest internal revenue growth quarter of the year. 
We also expect to achieve our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. Given where we are in Q4, we now expect the full year to be in a range of $3.10 to $3.15, strong growth of 25% to 27% over the adjusted $2.48 last year and $0.08 higher than the bottom of the original range of $3.02 to $3.15. 
You will recall that our full year results anticipate incremental investments funded from tax-reduction savings of at least $25 million for the full year. As Bob indicated, we now expect full year adjusted operating margin to be around 10 basis points, and free cash flow conversion to be about 106% for the year. 
In conclusion, we're pleased with our year-to-date performance and our progress in building your company. Internal revenue growth is 5% and well ahead of last year's comparable growth rate. Adjusted EPS is up a very strong 26%, supported by operating leverage and operational effectiveness program benefits and also includes incremental investments to further sustain competitive advantage. As important, we continue to allocate capital to build value for shareholders, including a record pace for share repurchase, an enhanced debt structure and the acquisition of Elan's debit assets and a move to deliver incremental value for both clients and shareholders. 
We also remain committed to a continuous 360-degree view of excellence. Last month, we received the results of our annual associated engagement survey. And after recording a fifth straight year of improvement, have now crossed into the top quartile of associate engagement of the participating employers and their more than 3.5 million employees. And while we aren't done yet, we are grateful to the 24,000 Fiserv proud associates who bring their best every day for the company, its clients and you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.

So David, I -- to the exact question of will we provide EBITDA. The answer is we don't give that kind of a breakdown, as I know you know. But I would say that we would expect that business to maintain margins consistent with our debit processing business, especially as we migrate, as Bob mentioned, we migrate it over to our platform. Over the next couple of years, we're moving from having they run on their own platform, to U.S. Bank, we're going to obviously migrate them to our platform. So we think that there are meaningful cost synergy benefits that will come in. One of the reasons why we're saying it's moderately accretive next year is obviously we'll be moving that forward as we migrate clients over to our platform.

Yes. So I would say, Bob is making sure that he gives me the normal look. I think what we told you is specifically we were not giving guidance. But based on what we could see at the time that we expect it to be in that range. I would say that nothing has changed since we talked about that previously to where we are today. I would say with one exception, and that is, as Bob mentioned, we did a fairly meaningful refinance in the quarter, and that's going to add some additional interest expense, which we expect to cover the same way we cover everything else from an operating perspective. I am not saying we won't be there, and I'm not saying we will be there. But I am saying that that's the one thing that I can think that's a little bit different than it was when we talked last time. Conversely, we've acquired Elan. We expect that to be accretive. So I think when we give guidance, we'll be giving guidance that's consistent with what we have been saying all along.

Not so much.

It's not so much -- we -- as you know, that technology has been a market-leading technology for a long time. And the beauty in our technology is the data. Not only can we move money at any speed consistent with what a consumer wants, but we know how to perfect a payment and we know how to manage risk on those payments. And so we are able to take money out of accounts when the consumer wants it because we have a risk model, a patented risk model, that allows us to make smart, intelligent decisions on that basis. But the most important part is we know how to make sure the money goes where it's supposed to go even if the consumer who will occasionally tell us the wrong thing. So we just think it's a more advanced technology. By the same token, we all see a very significant opportunity to electronify the nearly half of the bill payments each year that still are not moving on an electronic rail. So we're glad others are talking about it. But we believe right now we maintain a meaningful and important strategic and competitive advantage.

Yes. And we -- you know well that periodic revenue comes in when, to a large degree, it decides it wants to come in. In Q2, remember, we said we had a little bit of a pull from Q3 to Q2. In Q3, we actually have it shifting from Q3 to Q4. And so because of the margins, that also follows. So we do expect -- I think we tried to give a little clarity last quarter when we indicated we expected the first half and the second half to be substantially similar, and we're absolutely on track for that. So no -- nothing other than the shift in revenue -- sorry, the periodic revenue, as you know. And then the other piece on margin, just to add a little bit more clarity. If you look at the last 3 years, Q3 has been our weakest margin quarter, and most of that, to your question, comes from movement of periodic revenue between quarters. And it just so happens that Q3 tends to be an unusually weak periodic revenue quarter for some reason.

It was not down meaningfully in the quarter. To the prior, it was down relative to our expectations for how the periodic revenue would flow through the year.

Sure. So philosophically, the investments that we make, we think more about the capital trade-offs as opposed to maybe a traditional IRR. So if we're going to make incremental investments, we think about how does that compare to share repurchase, just like we would with an acquisition. And how does that end up impacting our competitive position in the market? The problem with IRR is just you can do lots of things with terminal value to make the IRR be whatever you want it to be. And so we tend to stay away from that as a metric, unless we're doing very large incremental allocations of capital, which we are not. The reason why we referenced it in this quarter and maybe a little bit more to your perspective is because the margin was a little bit lighter in the quarter than I think people expected. We were trying to call out this idea that, that $25 million pool, that at least $25 million, the third quarter was the first quarter in which that really started to hit. We'll have an even bigger hit coming in next quarter. And so pointing that out and also looking for other opportunities to invest in a year where, frankly, we're going to deliver 25% to 27% EPS, looking for ways to expedite investments in technology or feature function, we think, is the right way to think about capital overall.

That's right. That's right. Well, sustaining and hopefully increasing, right? Our strategy is to increase this year at 4.5%. It's roughly an 80 basis point increase in internal revenue growth. We are -- based on what we can see right now, we would expect to see some lift in that moving into '19. Of course, that's not formal guidance. But we would expect to see that as we continue to move forward.

Sure. I mean, from our perspective, when we hear clients talk about how the digital world, right, will intersect with the physical world, ATMs continue to be front and center in that device-centric type strategy. And so we're still seeing that, and we're actually hearing more people want to add sophistication to those ATMs. For us -- and so given the scale that we have over 3,000 clients who we -- most of them, we drive ATMs for as part of our EFT and debit proposition, we see this to be actually a pretty attractive incremental service, outsourced service, that we can provide. We have stayed away from services like that historically for 2 reasons. Number one, we didn't have the expertise. And number two, it takes a little bit more capital than we tend to use, right, for going out and acquiring the ATMs. But just given how the world is morphing right now, we think it could make some sense, and we'll spend the next couple of years looking to see what can we add in terms of service offerings to those 3,000 clients.

Sure. So Jeff, I mean, we are in a period where we are investing significantly in technologies that are linked up with digital -- kind of the digitization of financial services along with the need and soon to be mandate to move to a real-time monetary ecosystem. It's hard for me to see how either of those trends will moderate even if the economy itself begins to slow a bit. So I think that, based on where we are strategically, that will continue to be a fairly strong defensive play as we have been and frankly in all of the other cycles. That said, if in fact, we see a slowdown that starts to negatively impact financial services, I would expect us to be able to take steps such as slowing down the investments. And one of the things -- if you go back and look at our data, you'll see that we've meaningfully increased our level of spend as a percentage of revenue over the last 3, 5, 7 years. And most all of that drives future internal revenue growth. We think one of the beauties of our model is we can pull that back as needed without impacting the current level of internal revenue growth and create incremental flow-through of free cash. So I think we're pretty well positioned. We think about that all the time, as you might imagine. And we like the fact that we have that lever as well as -- I think we've demonstrated for the last 10-plus years, a strong ability to reduce, reign in and restructure our costs overall. We talk about it as operational effectiveness, and I'd expect us to be able to do more of that as well as needed.

It's really a combination of both. I mean, we, Brett, as you know, have a number of large clients who work with us on bill pay. We also have a number of large clients who work with us on digital. And we see that interesting interaction to just open the door to allow us to come in and talk about how the rails are evolving, and that was the back strategy. The other thing that you probably know is PEP+, which is the majority of the ACH in the U.S. goes over PEP+ today, is owned by us, and we see a nice fit between Dovetail and PEP+. So being able to help clients who we've served for years on payments modernized with Dovetail is also part of the strategy. So it's coming together. The market will move at the pace it moves, but we were pleased with the results in the quarter, and the pipeline looks good, and hopefully, we'll continue to make that progress.

Yes. The majority of the things that we're doing are certainly focused on lending. We're doing work, as I mentioned, this is a little bit of an offshoot, but we're seeing more and more banks look to set up separate Internet brands to be able to go out and gather deposits. We do some work with some third parties who are -- who basically are brokering deposits across the -- more on a partnering and integration basis who are moving deposits around the ecosystem. And then, as you mentioned, things around Immediate Funds, which is about attracting noncustomers into branches, things like that.

Yes. We do talk about it as we should. We -- you have kind of the year-end budgets. That's always the case. Fourth quarters are always strong. We had some larger sales slip from Q3 to Q4. That's part of the revenue movement from Q3 to Q4 is also due to some of those sales. So we have that. And we have, whether it is around the payment rail transformation, you've got a lot going on there, Zelle, DNA, a lot on the digital front, whether it be Architect or others. So there's -- the same kind of trends I think by -- also connected to the urgency of we've got to get it done this year so we can spin the project up and get going for next year.

Sure. Are you talking about from being 10 to 30 to going -- to saying it's going to be about 10?

Yes. There are a couple of things. I would say the biggest one is the acquisitions that we brought in last year as well as the impact of Elan. They're ramping a little bit slower. They've been -- the sales cycle took a little longer. So instead of us signing X deals, we sign Y deals. So things like that around the acquisitions. I would say that's one. Elan will be moderately dilutive as well. And then you've got the incremental investments that was due to tax reform. We've been looking for -- given how the year is progressing, are there some incremental investments we can make that none of them are material by themselves but just a few million dollars here and a few million there, not to diminish a few million, but it adds up, and it has a basis points impact. So it's really those kinds of things.

Sure. So the answer to the first part of the question was really around larger deals were the ones that were slipping. So they have an impact. We mentioned the fact that we had the term adjustment, which had an issue on our comparative sales. I think as a -- it's kind of squaring it, we are seeing a very robust sales environment. Pipeline's up 30% year-over-year, and it's both strong at the late stage as well as in the early stage. I think we probably give a bit more information than others in terms of exact percentages and things like that. So it's a little bit easier to see how our quantitative data ends up playing out. I would also agree that the 80 is a little bit light. But again, we're expecting a very strong fourth quarter and think we'll be quite well positioned for next year.

But just to clarify as it relates to the cash flow itself, it's really a matter of the Lending business, a little bit more CapEx, things that should come back to a more normalized route.

So on balance, our recurring revenue is in the 80% to 85% range, depending on what year you're in. So I think that's a reasonable proxy to say certainly, that's -- using the notion of in the bag, I think that's a fair way to think about it. But we also have line of sight into a whole bunch of additional revenue below that -- I'm sorry, above that recurring revenue number. So it's a fairly small number. Ultimately, that is kind of in the go-get category. But if it's -- even if it's 5%, it's 300 and change -- 300 million and change. And because 10 million is 1.25 points roughly, Bob's going to tell me it's really 12 million, but it's in that range, you can have those shifts just because of the 25 million to 30 million a month that is in that 5% range.

Well, that -- I'm pausing because, sure, these larger deals and smaller deals tend to have a competitive element. The pipeline that we're talking about that is up 30% is actually weighted on the basis of our belief that we will prevail or not. Now things happen, and sometimes you lose transactions that you don't think you're going to lose. And certainly, if we lost a bunch of things that we were expecting to win, it could have an impact on revenue this year and, frankly, next year. I think that's always the case. We feel pretty good about where we are right now and that we'll achieve the, at least, 4.5% internal revenue growth. But to sustain that over time, obviously, we have to continue to win. And we'll make sure that we're doing what we need to do from a product and a go-to-market perspective to ensure we will win.

So let me take the -- even though I know the answer to the last one, I'm going to let Bob take that, Ashwin. Yes. The spending environment is quite bullish. I mean, right now, everyone in financial services knows that technology investments have to continue to be made to keep up with what's going on, on the digital transformation front. So there's lots going on there. There's still a ton going on around cyber, other kinds of risk and then, in this whole -- the whole notion of this payments revitalization. So there's a lot of that going on. Most of those "decisions" have been made to do things. Now it's a matter of finding the right partner, making the decision, making sure they have the right resources in their own shops to get this done. That is one of the -- one of the constraints is do the financial institutions have resources on their own side, not just us, but to pair up to be able to get things done. But there's a lot of energy and focus. And in fact, I would say that there is a higher level of motivation now to get things done because people can see what's on the other side of the wave. And what's on the other side of the wave is this intersection of digital and payments, money movement, new financial experiences, all of that. And we haven't even begun to talk about cognitive technologies, RPA and where that's all going to go. And in order to do that, you have to get some of the other legacy systems cleaned up. So it's pretty good. From that perspective, pretty bullish overall.

I'm sorry, Ashwin, which product are you talking about?

Oh, sorry, acquisitions. I'm sorry. I thought you said something. I thought you said activations. It's all about sales cycles. So it's about how long -- so we announced a couple of Dovetail Payments Platform transactions. It's about the how the sales cycles have gone in terms of how long it took for people to get comfortable that we were going to continue to invest and win. And then just the cycles on the client side took a little bit longer. So that idea is the main slowdown that we've seen relative to what we expected to happen. Does that make sense?

Thank you. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team, and have a great evening.