Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, when I said thanks to Jeff, it's for the friendship and partnership. It's also for the 15 years of great leadership and strategic vision for Fiserv. It also represents a thank you from all the constituents, our associates, our clients and our shareholders. Today is Jeff's last earnings call, but his landmark leadership of this great company will last forever. Once again, thank you, Jeff.
When Jeff and I met back in late 2018, one of the benefits we saw in the merger would be the potential power and resiliency of the combined business and the advantages we could expect in the event of a challenging economic environment. Neither one of us contemplated a global pandemic and the resulting economic implications we have faced in 2020. And yet, for the first 9 months of the year, amid one of the worst economic downturns in the past century, we've grown our adjusted EPS by double digits, sustained internal revenue, expanded our adjusted operating margin and generated very significant free cash flow.
For the quarter, internal revenue growth was 3%, led by our Merchant Acceptance segment of a very strong 6%. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was up 310 basis points and more than 400 basis points sequentially. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter increased 19% and is now up 11% through September 30. Free cash flow was again excellent, coming in at $939 million in the quarter and totaled $2.6 billion year-to-date.
Over the trailing 12 months, we've generated $3.6 billion of free cash flow. To put that in perspective, this is equal to the pro forma combined free cash flow, which included the full run rate value of synergies delivered nearly 4 years earlier than expected. Our ability to both increase and accelerate synergies, along with the overall strength of the business, has combined to deliver these outstanding results.
After a terrific second quarter, sales were strong again in the third quarter, up 27%, with great results in our credit processing, merchant acquiring and output solution businesses. Sales year-to-date were up 23%, and the pipeline remains strong going into Q4. Our sales teams have transitioned to the current reality of selling in a virtual environment, and the enhanced value proposition of the merger is resonating incredibly well where it matters the most: in the client's office.
As you saw, we kicked off Q4 by signing a long-term agreement with Alliance Data, the fourth largest card issuer in the U.S. by accounts, to outsource processing for their co-branded and private label card programs. This important partnership further validates the differentiated value that we are delivering to the changing credit-issuing landscape across our broad suite of innovative technology solutions, digital leadership and commitment to client partnership. It is an absolute privilege to serve Alliance Data, and we look forward to working together for many years to come.
As you've heard last quarter, we signed Genesis Financial and Atlanticus Holdings in July, both top 25 issuers. That, combined with Alliance Data, is a clear sign of the very strong momentum in our credit issuer business in the U.S. Globally, our leading VISION platform also continues to win around the world, signing Federal Bank in India, Bank of Queensland in Australia and Up Sí Vale in Mexico.
Integration continues to go very well. Although we will provide a full update at Investor Day, let me briefly update you on our synergy results, which are well ahead of original expectations. Through September 30, we've already actioned $875 million of our $1.2 billion cost synergy target. Importantly, we expect to enter 2021 with a run rate of more than $800 million of annual P&L savings. Comparatively, you will recall that we had originally targeted a total of $900 million over a 5-year period. We've also actioned more than $185 million in annualized revenue synergies through September and fully expect to achieve over our $600 million goal. Our network solutions have driven a meaningful percentage of our early success as we lay the groundwork for additional revenue growth over the next several years. The combination of ACCEL and STAR Networks makes us the clear #3 debit network and, when connected to our other market leading solutions, should unlock new areas of growth and innovation for many years.
Another of our top synergy opportunities is to deliver our world-class credit processing services to our core account processing clients. In the quarter, we were pleased that Golden One Credit Union, the seventh largest credit union in the U.S., went live with a cards payment bundle, including credit and debit processing, debit network and ATM-managed services, which provides its members a consistent and integrated cardholder experience.
Our bank merchant synergy program also continues to make strong progress. In October, we signed out 200th financial institution since the merger. In the third quarter, we added 35 new bank merchant clients, bringing the total to more than 130 new clients this year, with about 60% of those as competitive takeaways. We have increased the pipeline to more than 500 financial institutions for one of the most important opportunities for the combined company.
We are privileged to have both a direct and partner distribution model for our merchant solutions, which allows us to cover the sales landscape across all business types and sizes. Next month, Verizon will begin marketing our new merchant solutions to its large portfolio of SMB customers, utilizing an exclusive Clover Flex terminal integrated with Verizon wireless technology. We also expanded our strategic partnership with Paychex, a leading provider of human capital management solutions, including payroll services, to more than 680,000 businesses in the U.S. to deliver merchant capabilities to their base of clients. This partnership is a perfect complement to Clover as both services are widely used by SMBs.
We continue to see stellar results through our Clover platform with gross payment volume in the quarter of 30% to $33 billion. Momentum continued to be excellent in the digital-enabled segments of our merchant business, which includes e-commerce and ISV solutions. We added 42 new global e-com clients in the quarter and 128 year-to-date, a 41% increase over the prior year. Additionally, we signed more than 130 new ISVs so far this year and have seen a nearly 40% increase in new active merchants through our ISV channel.
Global e-commerce transactions were up about 25% both in the quarter and year-to-date. Our e-commerce solutions have continued to grow with a significant focus on our direct business. We will provide you with important insights into the size, scale and reach of our digital-acquiring business at our Investor Day, which we believe will provide important context on both our direct and overall position in the current market structure.
We renewed a number of key client relationships in the quarter with household names who value the breadth and depth of our solutions across both physical and digital presence, including Costco, Dunkin' and McDonald's. We continue to expand the number of privileged relationships we have in our account processing business across financial institutions of all sizes and are seeing strong success with financial institutions with assets greater than $1 billion, de novo banks and fintechs. We signed 12 new core account processing clients in the quarter, bringing the total to 41 for the year, including 20 on DNA. We have signed 6 de novo banks this year, including signing First Women's Bank to our Premier platform in the quarter. We're particularly proud of this new relationship as First Women's Bank is a commercial bank with a primary strategic focus on lending to women-owned businesses.
Lastly, even in these challenging times, we continue to invest for growth, including deploying some of the $500 million innovation commitment we made as part of our combination. We have already delivered solutions in areas such as advanced card fraud, digital disbursements and several unique innovations to support a touchless shopping experience across our digital merchant solutions. We look forward to sharing more on this important topic at our Investor Day.
With that, let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on the financial results.

Thanks, Bob. As we mentioned, we saw a solid rebound off the trough of April into early August and seeing that consistent level of performance through last week.
Looking at the business environment, our client conversations continue to be quite encouraging and generally centered on helping them grow their business, reducing their operating costs and better serving their customers right in the wheelhouse of what we do. As we had discussed on the last quarterly call, our back-to-business program to help minority and specifically Black-owned small businesses is in full force as we advance our nationwide objective: distributing at least $10 million in grants to qualifying businesses. We continue to see an increased interest in all things digital. Whether it's around e-commerce, more card use at point-of-sale, touchless payments, including digital wallets, or accelerating P2P payments, we are well positioned to provide the capability our merchants, financial institutions and business clients need.
As you have heard, we are pleased with our results to date. Given the current economic backdrop and our strong financial performance, we are raising our 2020 financial outlook for adjusted earnings per share. We now expect full year adjusted EPS growth of at least 11%, up from the prior guidance of at least 10%, over last year's adjusted level of $3.95 or at least $4.37 per share for the full year.
As we've stated previously, our outlook does not contemplate the second wave of shelter orders or other circumstances which creates significant incremental economic duress in the last 2 months of the year. We put our strong financial performance for both the quarter and year-to-date as we navigate these unprecedented times. Our business is showing incredible strength and resilience, leading to what we fully expect will be our 35th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, along with the foundation for even stronger results in 2021.
Last, let me thank our more than 40,000 talented associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders.
With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.

Thank you.

Yes. I mean we've had these 3 big wins. In a general year, having one of them, would probably be a big deal. I think we spend a lot of time building out our product set. And it's -- I mean ADS was as big a deal as you're going to find. You take by account size, the fourth largest processor issuer. So my view on all of this is we have a great technical stack. We have tremendous surrounds. We've demonstrated a world-class base system and then a bunch of digital around it, and it's very appealing to larger issuers right now. And I think ADS was a very competitive process. But those are very, very long term, valuable relationships that we cherish. And I think to develop them as having long-term organic growth capabilities and the ability to, given what we have inside our house, have great, great ability to fit within the platforms we run. So competitive processes, we've been fortunate in the wins, really 3 top 25 issuers; one, the fourth largest issuer. And I think it has a lot to do with the investments we made in the business and our maniacal focus on the client.

Yes. I think one way to think about it is we grew 10% in 2019. We actually had an industry-leading position. We came into January and Feb, and we were low double digits. And then COVID hit and we hit to the trough. But when you look at the breadth of our clients, from the SMBs to the largest global enterprises, that diversity, both of client size and the vertical nature of our clients, we're not over-indexed to any one piece. And then we have a tremendous geographic diversity. So you put those, and then you put Clover growing at 30%, and we all recognize all SMBs aren't in business. And as Bob has said, probably more late cycle. So we feel very good, and the Clover platform is gaining tremendous investment in it.
The e-com business, which is our own direct business that we're winning those deals in and that stack that we built, really is resonating. The global presence of it and the omni-channel presence, us having both physical and electronic capability like e-com given that omni-channel has really resonated in the client's office. And I think our distribution is unparalleled. If you think about even signing up 200 new bank merchants since the deal, the great vision Jeff had around this core processing integrating with bank merchant, is showing up in the client's office in a tremendous way. And then you got Verizon, Paychex, Deluxe, so we're a partner of choice. And we're not at the growth rate we were pre-COVID, but we're achieving the growth rate we are because of the massive scale distribution and multichannel capability and being a partner of choice. And so I think it showed up all 3 quarters of this year just relative to market conditions. I hope that answers it for you.

Yes. Thank you. I mean, look, I guess the best way to think about it is the competitive wins we have. And we still are building technology. We'll be building it forever. We're iterating always on it. And we're using the power of our data and information and all the other assets we have inside the house. I think the best way for us to cover it all is at Investor Day where we'll walk you through the full stack, give you a full look at really where we sit in the market structure and understand really how strong the e-com product is that we have and why we're winning the business that we're winning. So I think that would do it the most justice. But we feel good, we go head-to-head every day and we win more than we lose by a lot.

I wouldn't necessarily think about it that way. But if I think about -- remember, that has multiple businesses in it, right? So you also have businesses right this moment that are affected by foot traffic. You got the prepaids, like gift, you have our TeleCheck business, and you have elements of RPL that are affected, that are negatively affected, by COVID. If you look at sequentially, that business improved 400 basis points. And so I think we believe that our business is very strong. We love the network. We talked about all the characteristics of being the #3 network. So I would think about it that, yes, we're going to grow more. And I think we're going to talk -- that's why when we get to Investor Day, we'll take you through '21 and medium-term outlook. And we feel very, very strong about the Payments segment and all the innovation we have going on in the Payments segment and why our clients on both the merchant and the issuer side are so motivated by it.

Yes. I think the clients are looking at the holistic nature now, the integrated nature. And we've moved to -- which was always there, but even driving it even further, how we deliver an integrated bundle and how that integrated bundle makes it easier for the client to service their clients and, in fact, how we serve our client better. So they really are completely integrated. It'd be very odd not to see that right now given the fact that no one else offers the modern core we have: Debit, credit, merchant solutions and the digital suite. Those digital products are huge in this offering.

100%. I mean, look, we have a very long tail of opportunity in Zelle and then how we bring Zelle into the ecosystem and giving the assets within this company, how we utilize them across the payment spectrum. And I think you'll hear some of these things at Investor Day and see how we put this together with our bank partners to deliver them best-in-class payment capability.

Thank you -- oh, that's Jeff. I answered for him a lot.

That's okay. That's good. Investor Day would be part of the answer. But look, we have -- that's $1.2 billion, of which we've actioned $875 million. And you heard us talk about the effect of our synergies on the P&L next year. I think what you can go back to is think about both these companies premerger were very good at operational effectiveness. And there will be a moment where we will continue to drive operational effectiveness and it will -- it's part of the DNA, whether it's using artificial intelligence, whether it's using RPA, we continue to bring AI in through many of our service elements. And both companies had dimensions of it, and we've had the benefit to bring both together.
I mean the standard work of closing data centers and consolidating, which we've done more than 20 so far, that will wind down in synergy, but we will always drive an operational effectiveness program. And you could count on us talking about that as a regular way, all right? That will be through -- and we have a deep belief that we are able to improve service, improve quality while, in fact, being more efficient. And that -- I think it resonates our client's office. They feel it, and it's the way that we'll run the company going forward.

Yes. I mean you've got the issue of the periodic revenue, so we don't have to go through that again. But I think what you see us is winning in the client's office. And I think a good way to think about it is we had a third-party consultant, FedFis, come out and basically say -- if you look at where we sit, we have 40% share, in the mid- to lower end of the market, right, which we are very, very good at and committed to. Now we've had bigger wins. We just boarded NYCB, which is a huge client. But I think we view ourselves over the long haul as being a market-share gainer. And I think the company was a market-share gainer and is a market-share gainer in various segments.
So I think -- and I want to go back to how we're winning. We're winning cause of the bundle. We're winning because of the integrated solution. We're winning because of the digital assets that come along with it. You heard Bob talking about the amount of Architect installs we did and the amount of Architect wins we're having, which all drive ultimately future revenue growth for us. So I think you're going to see a lot over the next few years. You'll see a lot on Investor Day of why these businesses are so strong in Fintech.

Yes, I mean, look, international has a lot of countries in it, and every country is different. So I don't ever think about international. I always think about regions, and that's how we run it, and then down to countries. And different countries have different lockdown situations. But we're winning in the market outside the U.S., and we have strong growth in many cases and innovation both in the electronic space and in the physical space. And then if you look at Clover and you look at e-com, what you see is that they have had tremendous investments in their technology. We've had big changes in go-to-market strategy fundamentally in the client's office. We're running a very direct business now across the enterprise, and we are taking share.

I can tell you what I hear once or twice a day from a bank CEO or somebody who runs the retail division of a financial institution. Digital transformation speed is one of the most important things we have going on. And so I think from a market structure standpoint, we feel that our digital assets in our core coming together in a client's office and transforming them and bringing all the other -- bringing the debit capability, bringing the credit capabilities, I mean one of the great synergies that Jeff and I knew we had was the capability of bringing credit to smaller institutions, and we're seeing it happen. We're converting them every week. So I think it's a digital transformation on all products. It's bigger than just the core and fintech, but it's how do they integrate together.
And to me, I don't think this is about banks deciding how much they're going to spend. It's banks figuring out with us how much they could transform how they operate with their clients, which is way more valuable for them to grow and compete than it is the cost of what they need to pay to us. And that's how they see it. This is no longer a luxury, the digital transformation, it's a way of life. And so I think we are in a fabulous position. Our clients feel good about it. We have the resource availability. We showed a fabulous conversion and implementation machine. And I think all my interactions with people who run financial institutions, which happen every day, is they're highly motivated to get as much of digital opportunity. And that's what I think about when you think about long-term growth in Fintech.

Yes. I mean, look, we are probably, I don't know -- it's good to talk to you, Dan. Thanks for being on the call. We're probably like, I don't know, how many days out, Bob, are we from Investors Day?

5, 6 weeks, and we'll look at -- on Investor Day, we're going to take you through the inside and out, every business, the strength of our e-com business, right, how our segments operate, why our technology prowess is so strong, why we win in the client's office. We're going to talk to you about our long-established capital allocation strategy, with share repurchase as the primary benchmark for capital deployment. So I mean it's not -- I apologize because you know how well I think you guys, but this isn't the time to do segment guidance, if I may. But I'll answer another question if you got one.

Yes. I think if you COVID-adjust, which is a little hard not to say these days, we find our attrition rates to be fundamentally at an outperform against the industry right now given the stack of technology that we're providing for clients. So we feel really, really strong about what we're doing in the client's office and the product set and the stickiness of our clients.

Good to talk to you, Dan. I'll see you soon. Thank you.
And look, if I would like to take this moment to thank everyone for joining the call. I do look forward to us having a great virtual Investor Day with you, and Bob and I look tremendously forward. I would like one more time to -- I mean Jeff Yabuki has been a legend running this company, and I think you've all been fortunate to follow him, and I'm fortunate to follow him on his footsteps. So you guys have a fabulous, fabulous night. Thank you.