Thank you, Shub, and thank you all for listening in as we share our results for the quarter and highlight the progress against our growth agenda. As you know, we serve as the operating system for commerce and money movement across our client base of banks, credit unions, fintechs and businesses ranging from SMBs to mid-market to large enterprises. We help our clients grow by extending our platform to capture new services and new money flows. Our relentless pursuit of innovation for our clients has placed us on the list of the world's Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company for the second consecutive year. 
We've entered 2022 with strong momentum. We delivered 11% total company organic revenue growth in the first quarter. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points to 32%. We also achieved 20% adjusted EPS growth to $1.40. 
We attained $40 million of actioned revenue synergies in the quarter, reaching $520 million since the merger, 87% of the increased commitment of $600 million for the 5-year period following the merger, and now expect to hit that goal by the end of this year. As we shared with you on our year-end 2021 earnings call, we concluded our cost synergy program, having actioned the promised $1.2 billion of synergies since the closing of the merger. As we invested to accelerate growth, free cash flow came in at $603 million. 
The outperformance on the top and bottom line versus our full year guidance ranges puts us in a good position to meet or exceed our full year outlook. As we evaluate the year ahead, we believe it is prudent to leave our 2022 guidance unchanged, given the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop with high inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical issues looming. Accordingly, we are maintaining our 2022 outlook for organic revenue growth of 7% to 9% and adjusted earnings per share in a range of $6.40 to $6.55, representing growth of 15% to 17% for 2022. 
Now turning to our business strategy. Fiserv solutions are geared towards merchants and financial institutions, including fintechs. Starting with merchants, we are transforming from selling merchants individual point solutions to offering operating systems, Clover for small- to medium-sized merchants and Carat for large enterprises. 
This operating systems approach expands the size of our total addressable market and makes us more valuable to our customers. We grow and create value in 3 ways. First, attracting more merchants to our operating systems; second, expanding the relationship we have with our merchants by encouraging adoption of more software and services modules; and third, benefiting from the organic growth of our existing customer base. 
Turning to our financial institution clients. We remain steadfast in our commitment to continuously innovate for our clients and broaden our total addressable market. In early April, we closed the acquisition of Finxact, a leading developer of cloud-native banking solutions. We have already seen a tremendous amount of interest in the platform from existing and new clients. We believe this acquisition will augment our ability to enrich and accelerate the delivery of digital solutions to existing clients as well as broaden our client base to include large financial institutions and fintechs through banking as a service and embedded finance opportunities.  
We advanced our strategic focus on data and analytics. This quarter, we announced partnerships with Equifax, Finicity and MX, which will utilize our vast and highly valuable real-time data to create insights to strengthen and create new offerings across fraud, risk and marketing. While early in the journey, we expect data and analytics to be a new growth driver for us.  
Next, diving deeper into our performance in the quarter by business segment. Let me start with Merchant Acceptance. We posted a very strong organic revenue growth of 20% year-over-year. Global merchant volume and transactions grew 11% and 8%, respectively. Our global active merchant accounts grew 6% year-over-year in the first quarter, continuing a positive trend since the start of 2021.  
Results were strong across all regions. North America was led by strength in SMBs, particularly within the restaurant vertical as well as strength in enterprise verticals such as travel and petro. Spending across EMEA was strong in the quarter as restrictions were lifted in the U.K. and The Netherlands in early January, followed by Ireland, Poland and Germany later in the quarter. Travel was particularly strong, followed by restaurants and hospitality. 
Our merchant business in LatAm was also very strong in the quarter. We've made significant progress in on-boarding merchants through exclusive merchant acquiring mandate from Caixa in Brazil with 140,000 merchants currently on-boarded. In just 1 year since signing the agreement, we are also expanding our presence rapidly in Mexico and Colombia. Spending trends in APAC were very strong as key markets such as India and Australia continue to resume normalcy, fueling discretionary spend in verticals such as travel, retail and restaurant. In addition to the cyclical rebound, the region has continued to win and implement new business.  
Moving to our merchant operating systems. Clover and Carat continue to gain significant traction with clients. Clover's global revenue grew 39% in the quarter, driven by volume growth of 39% as well as close to 200 basis points of sequential growth in software and services penetration of revenue to 15%.  
We continue to make progress on our vertical focus. Starting with restaurants. The integration of BentoBox into Clover is well underway, and the early proof points in both lead conversion rate and ARPU are all very positive. Within the services and retail verticals we are offering merchants leading solutions to address key business functions through a combination of pre-installed apps and tailored vertical SaaS offerings.  
Carat, the omni-commerce operating system for enterprise clients, grew revenue 20%. We saw broad-based growth across verticals, including travel, government, technology and quick-serve restaurants. In the quarter, we had some impressive wins across omni and e-com acquiring, including a card-not-present acquiring mandate for the leading fantasy sports player, DraftKings; an extension of our long-standing omnichannel partnership with Chick-fil-A; a mandate for fast food brand Jersey Mike's Subs.  
Within new payment flows, Carat's leadership and digital payouts continues with the doubling of disbursement volume processed in the quarter. During the quarter, we extended our contract with Coinbase to support their launch of an NFT marketplace. We are making rapid inroads into the high-growth markets such as payment facilitators and platforms. The November acquisition of NetPay gives us a differentiated solution in the market, including fully managed on-boarding, risk and funding services to support these high-growth platform businesses. We have seen rapid growth in this end market with new clients signing nearly doubling transactions in the past year.  
Finally, before closing out the merchant segment, an update on the progress of our point-of-sale lending offering. Our strategy all along has been to leverage our position as the operating platform for businesses, small, medium and large, to offer a range of buy now, pay later options. We are simplifying the merchant experience through an integration into the Carat operating system for large enterprises and enabling BNPL app downloads through the Clover app market for small and midsized businesses. By enabling our clients to easily connect to BNPL providers of their choice, we are making it possible for them to offer their customers in-demand payment options in an easy-to-manage cost-effective way.  
Moving to Payments and Network segment. Organic revenue grew 5% in the quarter. This growth was enabled by a variety of drivers for cross-sell business lines. Our North American credit active accounts on file grew 10% versus Q1 of last year. This growth was driven by new business on-boarding and our favorable credit environment. We fully ramped Genesis Financial onto our platform in the quarter, which along with the on-boarding of Atlanticus last year, marked the on-boarding of 2 of the 3 major credit processing mandates we announced in 2020.  
We had solid growth in our debit networks, STAR and Accel; and debit processing businesses, driven by new wins despite the stimulus-induced tough growth comparisons in the year ago. We've seen impressive growth in engagement metrics across our FIs, driven by market-leading digital solutions like CardHub, SpendTrack, our loyalty platform and our AI-based fraud system. These surrounds not only greatly enhance the competitiveness of our credit and debit card processing offering but also serve to drive more cards into our debit network and more opportunities for Fiserv to offer risk and fraud, digital banking and account processing solutions, demonstrating an attractive flywheel effect. We continue to see growth in digital payments driven by Zelle, which posted transaction growth of a strong 40% in the quarter.  
Finally, while we still see softness in our bill payments business, sequential growth rates continue to improve as we create new use cases like bill pay for fintechs, including crypto digital wallets; and enter long-term renewals with large clients, notably U.S. Bank and Regions Bank. Additionally, this summer, we will launch a revamped bill pay interface to elevate the customer experience. 
Looking ahead, our sales and product pipeline gives us confidence in our ability to grow the payments segment in the 5% to 8% medium-term organic revenue range. Our client wins in the quarter support this momentum. We signed a long-term renewal with a highly valued client, Synchrony, spanning across issuer processing, bank services and merchant acquiring, reinforcing our commitment to providing best-in-class solutions to our clients. 
We continue to win credit processing mandates globally. In the first quarter, we signed a new installment loan provider, Flexiti Financial, in Canada. The debit wins in the quarter included a processing win extending our relationship with KeyBanc; and an integrated debit processing, network and digital surround solutions win with Heritage Federal Credit Union, a $900 million asset size client. These wins showcase the breadth and reach of our debit processing capabilities, spanning from smaller credit unions to some of the nation's largest financial institutions.  
We also continue to show the power of our enterprise offering and our competitive advantage when working with fintechs. This quarter, we signed an enterprise agreement with a new digital financial services company across bank services, credit and debit processing and output services. We will also fully on-board Bread Financial, previously known as Alliance Data, for card processing in the second quarter of this year. The tailwinds from our large-grade implementations, recent debit wins like KeyBanc this quarter, Chime and Great Southern over the last couple of quarters and the investments in our digital surround solutions gives us confidence of continued growth in Payments and Network segment.  
Moving to the Financial Technology segment. We posted strong organic revenue growth of 6% in the quarter. We had 12 core wins in the quarter, including 4 competitive takeaways. 
Sales of digital surround solutions continue to grow at a healthy clip, driven by the increased digital focus of our financial institution clients and the success of Abiliti,  our modern online and mobile banking platform. Sales to existing clients help us deepen the penetration of our fully integrated digital surrounds, such as CardHub, Zelle and SpendTrack, thereby creating stickier clients. The competitive landscape continues to evolve quickly, and we believe that our fintech strategy combined with Finxact's modern core capabilities positions us uniquely to offer a full stack of offerings aimed at expanding the addressable market for embedded finance and banking as a service.  
The linchpin of our fintech strategy is our open finance initiative. In the third quarter of 2021, we launched our new developer portal called the Developer Studio, a platform for exposing our microservice APIs for the developer community with the goal of becoming the destination of choice for the embedded finance ecosystem, including card issuing and processing, merchant and core banking integrations. Our banking as a service capability enables financial institutions to expose modern fintech solutions to their client base to increase engagement and relevance while extending their reach into new market segments.  
Our banking as a service capability is also a turnkey solution for fintechs and merchants wanting to offer banking and payment services. We believe we are best positioned to power the ongoing revolution in banking as a service and embedded finance due to our footprint of community financial institutions and breadth of banking and payment capabilities. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. I am very proud of the results we've accomplished this quarter. As diversity and inclusion continues to be at the top of our CSR agenda, we are focused on ensuring alignment and investment into our employee and community engagement strategies.  
In the first quarter, in addition to the Fast Company most innovative recognition I mentioned earlier, Fiserv was named as a 2022 Great Place to Work in Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia and Mexico. For the second consecutive year, Fiserv has been designated by VETS Indexes as a 5-star employer. In addition, our Nenagh technology center in Ireland has been recognized as a Great Place to Work for the fourth consecutive year. 
Fiserv has activated several initiatives in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, including financial grants for our associates, direct donations to local not-for-profit organizations and other humanitarian programs for civilians displaced in the region. We've also activated a matching donation campaign in support of American Red Cross efforts.  
A quick note that our 2021 CSR report will be finalized and published in the coming weeks. As I close, I would like to thank all 40,000-plus hardworking associates around the world for working relentlessly to service our clients and you, our shareholders.  
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

I think -- it's Frank. First of all, it was way more than physical terminals. It was component parts also, and we thought it was a very prudent and smart move to buy ahead into the supply chain given the volume opportunities we have across the board which drive growth. So that would be clearly in the one-timer inventory category. 
Obviously, we see -- as we reiterate our confidence on margin also, we see the ability to grow and expand margins as part of the confidence story going forward. And obviously, these are ebbs and flows quarter-to-quarter also and timing of capital. So I think about it in those manners. We feel great about the growth. We feel good about our ability to expand the margins. And we feel good about the ability of what we bought ahead actually thrive, grow and not have that expenditure going forward.

No, it's a new revenue stream. We've always believed that we had a data advantage. And we did some things organizationally, maybe you remember, at the top of the house where we've dedicated talent against it, and it is manifesting itself. We have a pretty good road map to capabilities to offer to our clients and then to jointly offer with partners and combining capabilities. That is why we believe when we come into the latter part of this year and then going into next year, a completely new revenue stream with high margins in those capabilities in providing real-time data, in providing decisioning data, and that's what we have right now. 
We do see the opportunity, as we said, in marketing and other information. We yet -- haven't proved out that proof of concept yet, but the others have been proved. And we expect to be in market at the latter quarter of this year.

The one I'd talk about, I think the team in fintech and their maniacal focus on how to serve the client and growth is showing up. We had an expectation that we would get to these type of levels. And when we laid it out in December of 2020, I think the action plans in that team and the product innovation and bringing all the components of the company where we think we have a strategic advantage actually got us to where we are today. 
I think our digital assets play very, very well. So I talked about those surrounds. Our ability to have a good digital lens really is a strategic advantage. And then you saw us do things like bringing Ondot into Mobiliti, which also is a one-of-a-kind offering. And when that all comes together in the client's office, it gets us to where we are today. 
I think thinking beyond today, Finxact is very strategic. It -- as we had said, we think it expands our TAM capability. And we think over the long haul, a combo of our assets plus Finxact, allow us to get to other markets we weren't intending to before. 
So when you look at it, we feel great about the job the team has done. The Finxact acquisition, as you know, 20-plus days closed, and that's moving along very, very well. The integration of the team and the ability to deliver what we expect over the next few years from that, we have clear line of sight, we believe. And I think that's how we think about the totality of our current business, our digital offerings and our future digital offerings and expanding the total addressable market that we were addressing around that segment.

Yes. I think we've demonstrated a pretty balanced approach to our capital allocation, both if you look at what we did with Finxact or if you look what we've done with BentoBox or Ondot. And you'd find all of them really leaning into helping our clients grow their business with their clients in a digital framework. So I put that out there because it is largely about addressing new markets, new opportunities and how, in fact, we help our clients grow their business, which, in fact, would become the beneficiary also. 
And you should expect that mindset around future acquisitions, which is just another form of investing for growth. You just saw and Bob talked through that 29% over the last 24 months of our capital allocation went into merchant integration expense and debt paydowns. And that capital is now deployable, and obviously, we will continue to have a better growth rate. 
And I think you should expect that we will use the same methodology of investing for growth where we believe we can leverage our assets inside the house to bring other market opportunities, and we'll be buying back the shares opportunistically and returning those dollars to our shareholders as we always have in that tried and true methodology. And we feel kind of great about what we've done so far on the capital allocation. Hope you guys do, too. And we feel even stronger about it going forward.

Comps do get tougher, but pipeline comes in over time, too. And I think we talked about the elements of it. Obviously, we've talked a whole bunch leading into this year about $120 million of issuer wins, and we're beginning to see them in our numbers. We also feel the assets are very, very strong assets. And you heard us talk about a change in direction on bill pay from where we were a year ago. So we feel -- we don't feel at all that we're at the low end in our range on that in the go forward.

Yes. Well, you won't -- Bob can talk about more, but you won't see anything in this year's numbers. So we change structurally our growth rate. Obviously, these are long cycle sales. 
But the go-to-market strategy has multi prongs. One is the ability to bring to our clients today a digital sidecar if they want to. If they want to build crypto or digital bank capability, we have the ability to do that. So that expands the TAM of what we can do and I think doing that given the fact that you won't see anything in the economics for this year. But that's one element of it. 
The second element is the combination of DNA and Finxact together being able to bring an unbelievable offering to a number of clients in a different manner. The third is standing up fintechs and digital banks and other embedded finance. And you hear us talk about our open finance initiative and how well Finxact complements that. 
And then I think Finxact has a great demonstration of a current base that they've sold into that, in some cases, would be larger than where maybe our lifetime sweet spot was. But you should expect that to be more TAM opportunity. We go to market together in a very concerted fashion. And when the assets on our surrounds all come to it, it becomes a very, very strong offering. I think you'll see that growth in the outer years, not in this year, but you should expect it to be highly accretive to our growth rate over time.

Well, I mean, I would say if you looked at April, it fundamentally looks the same with maybe some places having a little more and some places having a little less. Obviously, areas like petro services and restaurants are holding up at the same level, maybe a little bit on travel and retail. 
But clearly, we've been conscious of the consumer. And as we think about the future, we factored in what would happen if this slowdown did occur, and that's really -- that's in our prepared remarks. We talked about our prudence and prudent management around the thought process. So very little change right now, but we're very guarded and we're managing in a guarded fashion.

Yes. I think it's really about the user experience. It's all about the user experience and about giving them capabilities that were refreshing in that environment. It allows our bank partners to then be able to actually increase their bill pay capability with their clients. 
So remember, we're always focused. And you hear it in my M&A comments. You hear it in how we run the business, on how we give our clients the opportunity to do more business with their clients. So think about it as a very good, easy, usable front end that actually will be the most modern you can touch, that allow much more ability for that end user to be able to navigate versus what they had before. And our banks and us believe -- that change, as we've completely built it with our banks in mind and their conversation, we believe that it allows them to get more user capability, which will equal more usage and higher engagement by the client base.

Yes. Having spent a fair amount of time in charge of the spending of banks around these assets and now having been here, what I find is that the appetite is very, very strong. The appetite being strong means if they can get digital capabilities, if they can serve their clients better, if they believe that the change is actually going to help them grow and do a better job, they're completely committed. 
We've seen a lot of those DNA wins. We've seen it from small to tall, as I would like to say. And the addition of Finxact, in my mind, just has opened a lot of our current banks' eyes and a lot of our nonbanks', that we're not serving in that space, eyes towards the capabilities we can bring to them in the here and now. So I find it to be a tremendously encouraging time for that business.

Well, I think Finxact was a very, very big acquisition which gave us, in my opinion, the most modern platform in the industry that can tremendously scale. So I think that, that was very important and sets us up for the long haul. 
If you go back to my comments earlier, I think we're very focused on helping our clients grow in places we're not -- weren't or we're not in manner. If you look at BentoBox, it allows us to move to be in the front of the store capability. What that does to ARPU for us in our restaurant business is very, very strong. And so you should expect us to deploy our capital in acquisitions more in the space of how to better serve our clients in markets that we're not collecting revenue, so investing for growth as opposed to back-end synergies and really a digital eye on all of it.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for your attention today. Please feel free to reach out to our IR department and team with any questions. And have a great day, and I look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you.