Thank you, Shub. And thank you all for listening in as we share our results for the quarter and highlight the progress against our growth agenda.
As you know, we serve as the operating system for commerce and money movement across our client base of banks, fintechs and businesses, ranging from SMBs, to mid market, to large enterprises. We help our clients grow by extending our platform to capture new services and new money flows. We are also seeing real benefits from the ongoing economic recovery, especially here in the U.S. We remain optimistic and continue to invest in growth.
Turning to our performance. We had a strong third quarter, with total company adjusted revenue up 10%. Adjusted operating margin expanded 130 basis points to 34.2%. Adjusted EPS grew 23% to $1.47. We attained our highest quarter of actioned revenue synergies of $95 million. To date, we have achieved $420 million of actioned revenue synergies, 70% of the increased commitment of $600 million for the 5-year period following the merger.
As we invested to accelerate growth, free cash flow came in at $572 million for the quarter and $2.3 billion year-to-date. Free cash flow was driven by a combination of the following: first, increased capital expenditure in the areas of technology, innovation hubs and the integration of newly acquired capabilities; second, the working capital increase driven by revenue growth; and finally, reduced benefit of unmet operating loss carryforwards.
On the back of our results and the strength of our investments, we are tightening our outlook for organic revenue growth and raising the lower end of our outlook for adjusted EPS. We now expect organic constant currency growth of 11% for the full year and adjusted earnings per share between $5.55 and $5.60. This raises the lower end of our prior adjusted earnings per share outlook by $0.05, a growth of 26% to 27% over last year.
Turning to the business segments, let me start with Merchant Acceptance. We continue to grow beyond the buy button by investing in world-class, omnichannel capabilities, solutioning around vertical and horizontal business needs and capturing new flows. We achieved all of this throughout 3 growth platforms: Clover for small business, Clover Connect for ISV and Carat for enterprises.
Driving into our performance, Merchant Acceptance led the quarter, posting organic revenue growth of 18% year-over-year, with North America and international largely in line with the segment average for the quarter. Our global merchant locations have been growing at a healthy clip, up 10% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, driven by positive net new merchants across all regions. The quarter was driven by growth in global volume and transactions of 15% and 12%, respectively. North America volume and transactions grew 14% and 9%, respectively, led by strength in travel, restaurants and petro. Excluding the impact of the loss of a large processing client through one of our JVs, North America volume and transaction growth in the quarter would have been 19% and 14%, respectively.
Next, let's go deeper by platform, starting with Clover. GPV grew 47% year-over-year or a 39% CAGR since 2019 to $196 billion on an annualized basis. In the SMB space, we remain focused in building vertical-specific solutions, offering an integrated suite of products that help merchants generate revenue and run their business. 
As part of our vertical strategy, we entered into an agreement to acquire BentoBox, a digital marketing and commerce platform focused on driving growth and engagement for restaurants. This transaction will expand our Clover dining solutions and industry-leading commerce and business management capabilities, which already enable nearly 200,000 restaurants of all sizes to deliver unique and differentiating dining experience, from quick and casual to fine dining. We expect the acquisition to close in the fourth quarter subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions.
Additionally, we continue to focus on building value-added services for the Clover platform, including Clover Capital, Clover Dining, Clover Order Ahead and Clover inventory as well as our unique Clover app marketplace.
On the enterprise side, Carat, our enterprise omnichannel platform, continued its strong momentum in the third quarter, with new wins, product innovation and a gradual recovery in cross-border commerce. Global e-commerce volume grew unabated in the quarter, driven by cross-border and international growth of 25% on a year-over-year basis as volumes recovered from the pandemic lows, with secular tailwinds expected to sustain future momentum. Omnichannel transactions, such as order ahead and buy online, pickup in store, grew 35% in the quarter. 
We had notable e-commerce wins in the quarter, including Johnson & Johnson and Caesars Entertainment. We also expanded our existing global acquiring relationship with Microsoft to be their provider for network tokens. In the quarter, we added PayPal and Venmo as digital wallet payout options to our global service platform, submitting Carat as a leader in digital payouts with over $10 billion processed year-to-date, an increase of 230% on a year-over-year basis.
Additionally, we are building a new partnership with Bakkt, a leading crypto and consumer wallet solution provider Bakkt will utilize Fiserv's industry-leading funds-in, funds-out solution. And together, Fiserv and Bakkt will develop new crypto use cases for both merchant and FI clients.
Moving to Clover Connect. The strength of our ISV focused offering showed through the third quarter with ISV volume up 71% year-over-year. Clover Connect allows us to bring together 2 strong Fiserv assets: the world-class hardware and software platform on Clover, along with the best-in-class partner management and operational tool of CoPilot, which gives ISVs a unique view into all of the merchants' activities, ranging from merchant application processing to support. 
Our commitment to being the best partner for ISVs is resonating. We signed 47 new ISVs in the third quarter, bringing our total wins to 142 year-to-date. We continue signing up ISVs that are new to payments and winning against the competition. This quarter, more than half of our wins were competitive takeaways.
Before I address our international progress, I'd like to highlight another focus area in our merchant business, point-of-sale lending. We are leveraging our position as the operating platform for businesses small, medium and large to offer a range of buy now, pay later options. We are expanding our referral relationships while simplifying the merchant experience through integrations with our platforms like Clover. We currently have referral agreements with Zip, Citizens Pay and Bread. 
We're also working with our FI clients to bring payer BNPL offerings to market. For example, we are partnering with Synchrony to offer buy now, pay later solutions on our card processing platform, Optus. Synchrony also recently announced acceptance of private label cards through Clover. 
On our Investor Day, we talked to you about our Merchant Acceptance growth strategy for international. We remain focused on growing our global market presence with world-class bank partners and through our direct channels, all while leveraging the strength of common platforms and connections.
The global expansion of Clover platform into APAC, Latin America and EMEA are all currently in flight. We're on track to roll out Clover in India by the third quarter of 2022, a tremendous opportunity given the size and growth potential of the market. Clover is already in market in Argentina and is expected to launch in Brazil next year, thereby covering the 2 largest markets in Latin America. 
In EMEA, Clover is in market across the U.K., Germany, the Netherlands and Ireland, with a further boost expected with the rollout of the Deutsche Bank JV that we announced last quarter. Among the key APAC deals completed in the quarter is an omnichannel merchant acquirer processing mandate from Bank of China for their fast-growing Macau market.
Moving to EMEA, Fiserv partnered with PostFinance, one of the largest financial institutions in Switzerland, to provide credit card acquiring services to their Swiss merchant clients. We're starting with an initial 4,000 merchants that accept the PostFinance today, with plans to expand to the entire merchant base of 60,000 over time.
Fiserv is also supporting Restaurant Brands, owner of iconic brands, including Burger King and Popeyes, as the company expands its footprint across Europe with an omnichannel approach. Fiserv will provide acquiring services for Burger King in the U.K. and the Nordics and Popeyes in the U.K.
To close on the merchant segment. As you may recall, in April, we won a 20-year deal to become the exclusive provider of merchant acquiring services for Caixa Econômica Federal, one of the largest Brazilian banks. We are pleased to report that the implementation of this mandate started at the beginning of August and is going extremely well, with 65,000 merchants onboarded as of last week.
Moving to the Payments and Network segment. Organic revenue grew 6% in the quarter, resulting in year-to-date growth of 5%. Our Payments segment consists of 3 businesses: global credit processing and output solutions, which we call issuer solutions, which is 40% of the segment; debit processing and debit networks, which we call -- we refer to as card services, also 1/3 of the segment; and the third business is comprised of digital solutions, bill pay and our prepaid business.
Our issuer solutions business, which grew just below the overall Payments segment average, is seeing the benefit of a continued credit recovery, with general purpose credit gross active accounts up in the high single digits. Note that our credit issuer solutions revenue is driven by number of accounts, not credit volume. However, as credit volumes recover, the number of accounts will follow. Looking ahead, we expect growth in the business to be driven by the continued ramp of last year's notable wins, including 3 of the top 25 issuer wins, which we announced last year.
We also recently completed PNC's conversion of BBVA's card portfolios through our platform. Our retail private label portfolio also continues to recover from its COVID lows, although at a slower pace than we anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Within card services, which grew organic revenue a couple of points faster than the overall Payment segment average, we saw a strong growth in debit transactions driving our issuance and network businesses. Looking ahead, we expect to sustain growth for this business by broadening our total addressable market. 
For instance, in the quarter, our STAR debit network signed an agreement with leading U.S. consumer fintech, Chime, to become its preferred unaffiliated network for debit. We believe that aligning one of the largest fintech issuers is a testimony to the scale and technical capabilities of the STAR network and positions the network well for future growth. This was also one of our notable action synergy revenues in the quarter.
During our Investor Day, we discussed the opportunity to offer a fully managed by Fiserv credit card issuing option to community FIs and shared that we were actively exploring this market. We are pleased to announce that we are currently piloting our agent credit program offering, branded Credit Choice, and will launch in Q1 2022. 
Credit Choice is a fully managed credit card issuing-as-a-service solution that allows our community FIs to offer their customers an FI-branded credit card experience that is fully integrated into their debit solution, but without the operational burden of running their own credit card portfolio. Credit Choice leverages our scale distribution and world-class card issuing surround solutions, such as OnDot and SpendLabs to expand into a sizable, new, addressable market for Fiserv where the economics per card are considerably richer than in processing. We have already seen strong, early interest from clients, with hundreds of prospects in the pipeline.
On our Q2 call, we spoke to you about our rich, mobile-first consumer and business offerings powered by recent acquisitions, OnDot and SpendLabs. The early results of the launch have been very encouraging. We completed the integration of the CardHub platform into our credit and debit processing platforms and into our Mobiliti mobile banking platform. We are seeing tremendous demand for this integrated solution from both new prospects as well as existing CardValet clients, whom we expect to fully migrate to the integrated CardHub solution by the end of 2022. In addition, we expect to expand the platform to add loyalty, installment payment and dispute management, thereby establishing CardHub as a key differentiator and to drive new sales and client retention.
For our financial institution clients, this solution is a game changer. It enhances consumer engagement with their digital banking platform, creates more fee income through greater card usage, and catapults the FI's overall digital experience into the leagues of some of the world's top banks and neobanks.
In the third business, results are mixed. We had good growth in our digital payments activity, led by Zelle transaction growth of 75% in the quarter and the number of clients live now reaching just under 750. Prepaid growth was driven by new client wins within our Gift Solutions business. We expect growth to continue, driven by new use cases.
Our bill pay business, which encompasses both the direct biller and bill pay through our financial institutions, continues to grow slower than expected. However, we're extending our bill pay capabilities beyond the financial institution channel, going live later this month as an enabler of PayPal's bill payment functionality within PayPal's new app. Additionally, we expanded our relationship with a large telecom provider to enable commercial card payments with our BillMatrix solution.
Moving to the Financial Technology segment. The quarter was in line with our expectations, posting organic revenue growth of 4%, resulting in 4% growth year-to-date. We added 14 new core account processing clients in the quarter, including 7 competitive takeaways and 2 de novo wins. Our DNA platform is seeing great success, including with larger financial institutions, as evidenced in the Valley National Bank and Dollar Bank wins, with assets over $40 billion and $10 billion, respectively.
Abiliti, our modern, cloud-based, API-driven digital banking platform, is seeing great momentum with 150 incremental sales in the quarter. 138 of these sales were to existing clients, which will drive our clients' digital transformation and deepen the penetration of our fully integrated digital surrounds, such as CardHub, sale and SpendLabs. The remaining 12 were new logo sales, with half being core competitive takeaways. 
We also continue to enrich our open banking and fintech ecosystem, again, in line with the goals laid out in last year's investor conference. We launched our new developer portal, which we call the Fiserv developer studio, towards the end of the third quarter. The developer studio provides rich and expansive API integrations to support banks, fintechs, merchants and enterprise clients with developer tools needed to accelerate innovation, integrations across the entire Fiserv ecosystem. Additionally, we also announced partnerships with exciting new fintechs: FutureFuel.io and Streetshares, aimed at creating new white space opportunities in digital for both retail consumer and small business lending, respectively.
We believe that we're extremely well positioned to continue to drive revenue in the segment higher by delivering new innovation, such as Abiliti; strategically acquiring and integrating attractive surround solutions, like OnDot and SpendLabs; and leveraging the power of the developer community through our developer studio API portal or dedicated go-to-market integrations like FutureFuel.io and StreetShares. 
Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the results we've accomplished, with another quarter of double-digit adjusted revenue growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. 
In addition to delivering on our financial results, we continue to focus on our associates and our communities. In July, Fiserv was named to the Disability:IN's Disability Equality Index 2021 Best Places To Work, and in September, received the Silver Torch Award from the National Black MBA Association as Partner of the Year, recognizing our commitment to putting diversity at the forefront of our values and talent and client engagement strategies. 
During the quarter, we also entered into a multiyear relation with -- into multiyear relationships with Girl Scouts USA and the Russell Innovation Center for entrepreneurship. These partnerships focus on increasing access and opportunity for aspiring women and minorities within the entrepreneurial ecosystem. 
We also expanded our Back2Business program to Detroit and the Washington, D.C.; Maryland, Virginia area as well as internationally with our entry into the U.K. Additionally, during the quarter, we also completed our CDP submission, and for the first time, published our EE0-1 filing on our Internet site. 
None of these achievements would have been possible without our world-class talent. I thank our more than 40,000 associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

We also have those -- 3 of the top 25 issuers that are beginning onboarding. So that will be within the numbers next year. And you heard us talk about us converting BBVA onto our platform also for our client, PNC. So -- and you're going to continue to get the Zelle ramp in there also as that continues to grow and we onboard more. So I think those all will factor into next year's numbers.

Well, maybe I'll talk about what we've been doing on M&A, and how we're looking at M&A. And I think the first thing is, whether it's M&A or building out businesses, we're investing organically and inorganically. And I think the thing that, hopefully, you see is our agility and speed and innovation. 
We talked about OnDot, and it's fully integrated beyond its initial capability and now in our mobile product and winning in the market. You see us go and look at BentoBox. And we're extending our total addressable market with the capability that will start with restaurants, but actually could be a storefront and much larger. 
But all of these are nurturing good, strong startups that then we'll allow to thrive in our environment. And we put the capital behind them to integrate them and grow. And you hear how we bring SpendLabs along with it. So I think you should expect us to continue that and realize that -- I think we believe we have a deep skill set in integrating properties, transforming our property itself. In some cases, we're even disrupting ourselves in the process as we move from CardValet to CardHub to an integration. So you should expect us to continue to do that and be very, very thoughtful about acquisitions. But we will invest inorganically and we'll invest organically. And we will invest organically in the acquisitions to allow them to thrive within our ecosystem and not to be stand-alone entities.

Yes. I mean let's go first to -- that volume coming off our system is in our revenue number. So hold that thought, right? I mean -- so when you look at a large processing client off a JV, that's exactly what it sounds like. Which is, first of all, they -- this was long telegraphed by the client. But when we always talked about our business, we knew the RPT on this and never saw it as an real economic impact. Really just a volume impact to our business. And they went in-house. It wasn't a competitive takeaway, and it was part of their strategy. We're happy to support them with our processing capability through our JV for the period of time that we did it.

Yes. I mean I take this as a long-term issue really back in time, right? I mean we're a platform, as we like to say, for everything from fintechs to SMB to large enterprises. And if you think about what we did with Clover, that was opened up a community to the development community, so we can be a platform for them and then a platform for our end users. 
So my view and our view is we're happy to do things to disrupt ourselves, like you see us doing with the SpendLabs, the OnDots. And even Clover was a disruptor of ourselves. And we'll continue to use our platform to enable. And ultimately, we want to serve all communities. 
So if you think about things we've talked about here, Chime previously, NYDIG, Baakt being an enabler and one of our clients' coin base. You think about us bringing PayPal into the bill payment ecosystem. We are going to use our platform to enable. And then we're going to compete heavily with our full capabilities. So our traditional clients who will get all the capabilities and continue innovation. And we will also enable those that have the capabilities that we believe our clients would use. 
When you think about all of that -- you hear us talk about being a token provider for Microsoft. That's about bringing their authorization rates higher. So I don't really find any conflict here. We have waterfront property. We open up the waterfront property. And our job is to enable commerce, and we get paid for enabling commerce.

Yes. And I would just add, Clover is a platform of choice. You heard about the international expansion of that. And I would think that as people are making choices going forward with disruption, for others, that will just further accelerate our growth.

I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We appreciate your support. If you have further questions, please contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day, and thank you for everything.