Thank you, Jeff. Good afternoon. And I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed these 18 months and how much I look forward to all the things we're going to do right here in the future. 
So first of all, let me say how honored I am to be elected the next CEO at Fiserv, a company with a great history and a bright future. My thanks to Jeff for his partnership and leadership to create one of the world's most admired companies. Jeff's vision for a company which invests for the future growth and allocates capital for the benefit of shareholders is the platform from which the company will continue to execute. This strategy will continue to serve our shareholders, associates and clients extremely well for the long term. We have jointly assembled a world-class team that will continue to drive innovation and excellence, allowing us to be known as the greatest fintech on the planet. I greatly appreciate Jeff and the Board's confidence in me leading the company. I feel privileged and tremendously humbled to serve our clients, our communities, our shareholders and this great company. 
Now on to business. A lot has changed since our last call. And while we've made great progress on integration, we have put even more focus on ensuring business continuity, protecting the health and safety of our associates and delivering on client commitments in light of the COVID-19 crisis. The team has come together beautifully. And I am incredibly proud of the company. As Jeff mentioned, Fiserv was well prepared to serve our clients through a well-tested and robust business continuity plan and an experienced and seasoned leadership team. A crisis waits for no one, whether moving 40,000 people to remote work environments, securing over 200 global locations, proactively managing credit risk or introducing alternative ways for merchant acceptance. Urgency, certainty and expertise are critical ingredients to a successful outcome. 
Delivering value to our clients is why we exist. Over the past several weeks, COVID has presented a number of unique opportunities to serve clients with speed, agility and innovation. Let me provide a few examples of how our solutions are helping our clients navigate these uncharted waters. 
Through both our Clover platform and our financial institution clients, we've processed tens of thousands of loans to enable small businesses to share in PPP funding. We are enabling a variety of expedited use cases through our MoneyNetwork prepaid card solution, including supporting the National Institute of Health's C19 research project and enabling not-for-profits to provide funds for those in need. 
In Argentina, we're working closely with government-owned banks to enable the distribution of benefit and subsidy payments. We've partnered with NIC to offer a walk-in bill payment services across 28 states to enable payments outside of government offices. Through our SpendTrend solution, we are providing proprietary data and insights to merchants, financial institutions and governments to enhance the understanding of economic implications across business segments and geographies. At Clover, we expedited the delivery of our new order-ahead capability which, since launch in early April, is already being used by nearly 1,800 restaurants. 
As Jeff mentioned, implementations have generally continued as scheduled as technology agendas for our clients remain very important. One terrific example, using a virtual team's approach. MONETA Money Bank in the Czech Republic recently completed a full migration of the bank's credit and debit card portfolios to our outsourced FirstVision service during a full quarantine period. MONETA Money Bank highlights the new ways to deliver great service, which are emerging in this challenging time. 
Our focus now, more than ever, is to consistently deliver high-value services. Our engagement model is at an all-time high with an enhanced focus on daily client service requests and prioritizing resources. 
In March, we communicated significant increases of our synergy targets, moving the cost side up by 1/3 from $900 million to $1.2 billion or roughly 12% of our total cost base. We also took our revenue synergy target up 20% by $100 million to $600 million over the 5-year period. While we are pleased with the progress to date, the synergy work is not complete. We remain fully committed to unlocking additional opportunity where possible, across both revenue and cost pools as we work toward being the best fintech and payment company on the planet. 
The enhanced cost synergies include additional opportunities in vendor efficiencies, contractor replacements, infrastructure and operational leverage. First, we've had great results working with our vendor partners to identify cost efficiencies for the combined company as well as acquiring new capabilities, which will have the dual benefit of avoiding internal investment and reducing CapEx. As a result, we have increased our expectations on procurement, primarily in technology, by about $200 million. Second, we expect to achieve additional synergy benefits from shifting original First Data's outsourced offshore operations to original Fiserv's captive. The primary savings are from converting third-party contractors, which generates cost arbitrage, improve operational efficiency and most important, no loss of knowledge as we rebadge existing third-party resources. Last, we're identifying even more savings from the consolidation of real estate, data centers and back-office systems. We've also had success extending the sophisticated call center operations of original First Data, including an AI-based virtual agent and enhanced self-service capabilities, all geared to meaningfully improve the overall experience. We have also packaged these capabilities to help supplement our clients while delivering revenue for us. We are moving more quickly to accelerate cost synergy timing as a way to offset some of the coronavirus revenue pressure. Our original expectation was more than $300 million this year. We now expect $500 million of full year synergy savings with an annualized exit rate of more than $700 million entering 2021. We feel great about our progress, and we'll continue to look for ways to add even more value. 
As we mentioned, on the revenue side, we raised our initial target 20% or $100 million, based primarily on anticipated outperformance in bank merchant and new opportunities in areas such as digital disbursements, payment innovation and much stronger momentum outside the U.S. than we expected. We are seeing continued strength in linking the account processing privilege relationships with our market-leading Clover solution to create unique value for our clients. To that end, we signed 55 new bank merchant clients in the quarter, with 42 of those wins through the end of February. We've now signed 109 new FI clients since the start of the program with competitive takeaways at about 40% and an even higher percentage in the larger bank space. 
Although sales activity has slowed due to the COVID disruption, interest remains very high with nearly 400 institutions in the pipeline. While we expect the current environment will moderate the pace of near-term revenue realization, we have raised our current expectation 15% to $230 million. In addition, we also signed another 16 institutions to our bank merchant program outside of our synergy efforts over the period, not including the expansion of nonbank partners. Although we have recalibrated the expected timing of our revenue synergies given the current economic situation, we are still expecting $75 million to $100 million of revenue synergy in 2020. Our integration is building an organization that will sustainably provide unique value. This is a critical time for the market. And we believe Fiserv, with highly differentiated market-leading solutions, is the best place for clients, associates and you, our shareholders. 
Now let me pass the call to Bob for a review of our financial results.

Yes, thanks.

Well, it sunk in that I'm the fourth CEO in a storied history. And I think if you look, we've been the world's most admired company most of -- 90% of this decade and before that, too. And what I've seen here and learned is a whole bunch of things. So I don't see us veering from any item that we were strategically driving. The innovation, we're very committed to that $500 million. Our capital allocation strategy, which is tried and true, is aspirational for most companies and was something that I saw when I came here and fully subscribed to it. 
Jeff and I have worked really, really closely together. I think we brought the team together very well. And I think really it's about continuing the client initiatives, being in the client's office and continue to innovate. Our innovation really is coming from our clients. So I don't -- there's -- look, this has been an honor and is a bittersweet moment to not be doing it with Jeff, to be honest with you. And so I don't sit here and say and never once said, said to each other, well, we're going to do that different. It's more about how we're just going to continue. And this team has really come together fabulously. So I think it's going to kind of really -- our best days are in front of us. So I don't -- there's no big changes happening here.

Yes. I mean we've talked a lot about what we're doing on synergies and acceleration of synergies. But we obviously have taken other measures inside the company. And I think you'll see them come through as we go forward. I mean we stopped the 401(k) match, as an example, which was a significant effort in the company. And you probably saw us still filing on the stock plan. But more importantly, it's -- I think during this horrible crisis, we've been able to have tremendous focus on every element of the company. So we're continuing to spend to innovate. I think we'll -- or we see more development hours, not less, going on, but them going on in a very, very measured way, delivering for the client in a different manner. 
So as you know, both Jeff and I have always had a good eye on the cost, and we'll continue that. The synergies are forever, and we're very, very committed to those. And we -- as you hear us talk about them, you could see how confidence continue to build. So I think you'll see us continue to do both very well. And stay, number one, focused on our clients and revenue.

Thank you.

No, we don't. I mean relative to Clover, we won't see chargeback risk. And I think you heard us talk about what we did in terms of using technical expertise to get that restaurant app out there pretty quick. I mean we've also had tremendous growth right prior to what you saw at the end of March. But I think what you'll see in Clover is us continuing to invest in it. And you should expect us to have that continue to grow very nicely and the clients with a high satisfaction level. So a full commitment, we don't see -- look at small businesses struggling, and we're continuing to bring functionality that helped them through this difficult period.

Well, I think one of the ways to think about it is specifically what we talked about. As we bring in software apps to do things like dine ahead, that's a perfect example, and you see such a great pickup in it, I think we've been very, very successful in adding apps and SaaS fees. So I think there's a great desire. We hone that skill over time, and we've built a lot more there. But what you also find is the power of our data and information and clients' ability to use it, very, very powerful. So I think that Clover was always designed to be much more of a platform than be a point-of-sale only. So we feel very good about it. We've invested more there, and we see the application take-up rate, very, very high. I think you're watching a change. And I think that change is pretty powerful. You see our virtual terminal expansion, very, very high. You're seeing our ability to move more businesses to be online and physical than ever before. And I think you'll see that conversion continue. And we've seen very, very good strength on it.

Yes. Thank you. I think, first of all, maybe we should start with the -- we -- Jeff and I saw the path to 900, very, very clearly and even more opportunity, and we probably made that clear as we were talking through it to you all over time. And as we peel the onion, and the teams came together, and I'd really say our ability to get stuff done from a team approach here has been very, very large, and I think the team saw the path to many more opportunities than Jeff and I actually saw with the initial group of players. And that was how we were also going to bring the best of both companies together. And people say that many times, but this is really where we're bringing that capability together. You heard it around the captive. And Jeff and I knew that one early. We didn't really know that it would go quite as well as it is. We also think about the tools we have to manage the company. You heard about the call centers. You even look at other tools. And they've allowed us to accelerate and to also allow us to be able to increase and recognize, as you could hear in our voice, that there's more opportunity as the team keeps digging in. So we feel very, very good about that. 
I think it's important to recognize the revenue side of it because as you see on the bank merchant, you have to look at that and see us as the partner of choice, one that gets generally picked in most situations and that people see Clover as a tremendous opportunity. But what we're seeing there is the teams, once again, are digging in, is bringing the cross-section of the company together to even get more opportunity. And I would think about us continuing to expand on that. So time is getting compressed because our leadership is able to do that, and our teams are very committed. The opportunities have gone larger. And we see a very, very good set of opportunities in front of us going forward.