Thanks, Tiffany, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter against our most difficult comparison of the year. We delivered better-than-anticipated results in the quarter and the first half, and are well on our way to meet our full year financial targets.
Now before we talk about the financial results, let me provide a brief update on the First Data transaction. We've received all required regulatory approvals and plan to close the transaction on July 29, well within our original expectations of closing in the second half of the year. As anticipated, we received all of our approvals without any conditions. We continue to prepare for Day 1, and are focused on moving from integration planning to actual integration. 
We've announced a number of our senior leadership roles and the entire organization is ready to kick off the new Fiserv. Clients and prospects are excited about the opportunities that they see for us to deliver differentiated value and build their businesses in new and unique ways.  
We've been working on meaningful incremental growth opportunities such as bank merchant, credit solutions, biller services, network and international. We believe that integrating the solutions of our 2 leading companies will create incremental opportunities for clients to better serve their customers, generate additional revenue, operate more efficiently and better manage risk. Our client-first focus should translate to more revenue for Fiserv and may ultimately allow us to exceed our $500 million revenue synergy target.
We've made strong progress on cost synergy planning with a focus on delivering more efficiently for clients and with higher quality. Our teams are focused on the absolute dollar value of the opportunities as well as increasing the pace and timing of those savings. Upon closing, we will fully deploy our teams with a targeted outcome of exceeding the $900 million target.
One of the unique benefits of this transaction is our commitment to increase organic solution investment by $0.5 billion over the next 5 years. We're acutely aware of the potential competitive advantages to making the right investments in this time of transformational market change. We're in the early stages of scoping the first round of these investments, which we believe will ultimately further accelerate growth and profitability.
We recently raised funds to refinance First Data's debt in a more favorable interest rate environment than we anticipated at the time the acquisition was announced. At today's rates, this translates to additional annual savings of approximately $120 million ahead of our original expectations.
All of this taken together reinforces our belief that the combination will produce more than 20% accretion to adjusted EPS in the first 12 months, and more than 40% accretion at the full synergy run rate.
We're thrilled to be on the precipice of closing this transaction and moving forward together. We're even more convinced that this transformative combination will extend leadership in value for clients, create important opportunities for associates, and deliver above-market returns for shareholders for many years to come.
Now back to the financial results. Internal revenue growth was 4% for the quarter and adjusted earnings per share growth was 9%, both against a very difficult prior year compare. For the first half of the year, internal revenue growth was 4% and adjusted earnings per share was up 11%. Momentum remains strong as sales increased 17% in the quarter and is up 14% through June 30. We fully expect to achieve our sales objectives for the year.
We held our annual Client Conference Forum 2019 in May, hosting over 6,000 professionals at keynote addresses, solution showcases, thought leadership sessions and numerous client networking events. We also had nearly 400 prospects in attendance, and lead generation on site was nearly double the total contract value compared to last year. We believe Forum is becoming the must-attend client event of the year.
With that, let's review performance against our 2019 key shareholder priorities, which are: first, continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings commitments; next, to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions; and third, to deliver innovation and integration, which enables differentiated value for our clients.
As mentioned, we're pleased with our second quarter's performance and strong position exiting the first half of the year. Company internal revenue growth in the quarter was 4% including 5% growth in the Payments segment, and was up 2% in the Financial segment, even in the face of a very difficult compare. 
Adjusted earnings per share was up 9% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was flat to the prior year, which was better than our expectations given the license revenue grow over. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter was up 50 basis points sequentially as we began to see the early signs of the tax reinvestments abating, continued scale benefits of our high-quality recurring revenue, and positive impact of our operational effectiveness program. Free cash flow through June 30 was up a very strong 23% to $602 million, and our free cash flow conversion was 91%.  
Our second priority, to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions. The demand for Fiserv account processing solutions continue to be strong with 13 wins in the quarter, 6 on DNA, which included a strong showing with larger credit unions. For example, Rogue Credit Union with $1.6 billion in assets, expanded their Fiserv relationship by selecting DNA and other complementary solutions, including teller capture, item processing and Nautilus to support their growing commercial and mortgage portfolios. 
In addition, Hiway Credit Union, with over $1 billion in assets, and Velocity Credit Union, with over $800 million in assets, both selected DNA in the quarter to utilize our modern and open technology platform to enhance their members' experiences.
Card solutions continued their strong sales, signing First Mid Bank & Trust, with $3.5 billion in assets, to our debit processing solution in the quarter. We also added Alabama Credit Union, with nearly $1 billion in assets, who selected a full suite of debit, credit and card production services, to facilitating more integrated and enhanced member experience.  
JD Bank, with more than $800 million in assets, enhanced their Fiserv relationship by selecting ATM Managed Services, one of our newest card capabilities coming from the Elan acquisition. This service will allow JD Bank to update their ATM fleet to the forefront of upcoming software and compliance mandates and better serve their customers. 
We've signed 7 clients for ATM Managed Services and have added more than 250 institutions to the pipeline since the transaction closed last October.
Our third priority is to deliver innovation and integration, which enables differentiated value for our clients. Payments modernization continues to be top of mind for progressive financial institutions, which translated to 5 Dovetail payment hub decisions in the quarter, including Sterling National Bank, with nearly $30 billion of assets. We also signed Eastern Bank, which is one of the largest and oldest mutual banks in the country, with over $11 billion in assets and locations serving communities in Eastern Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island. We signed a very large bank in the Middle East, which selected Dovetail to advance their capabilities through a single platform to process payments transactions globally.
Lastly, First National Bank of Pennsylvania, with nearly $34 billion in assets, chose our Dovetail Payments Platform, along with our Immediate Funds solution as another way to drive value to their customers by supporting demand for real-time access to funds and improving the overall deposit experience.  
We remain bullish about the strength and leadership of our full complement of end-to-end payments capabilities both now and into the future. With that, let me turn the call over to Bob to provide more detail on our financial results.

Thanks, Bob. Sales performance was up a strong 17% in the quarter and is up 14% year-to-date. We saw solid performance in several areas, including our account processing businesses, card solutions and Dovetail. Sales performance has been increasing significantly, up 22% over the last 9 months, which we believe is especially meaningful in light of the First Data transaction.
The domestic pipeline also remained strong and up 3% in the quarter and 11% sequentially. Integrated sales was up 22% in the quarter and is up 4% in the first half of the year, reflecting the compelling Fiserv integrated value proposition. We continue to demonstrate our operational effectiveness competency, achieving $13 million of benefits in the quarter and $25 million of savings year-to-date, driven largely by procurement and labor initiatives. We are on track to meet our $50 million target and close out our 5-year, $250 million program a full year early.
As for guidance, we're on track to achieve our full year financial commitments buoyed by a stronger-than-anticipated first half of the year. We continue to expect our full year internal revenue growth rate to be in a range of 4.5% to 5%, and that second half growth will be moderately higher than the first.
We continue to expect adjusted earnings per share to increase between 10% and 14%, in a range of $3.39 to $3.52 for the year, with a bias at or above the midpoint of the range. We also expect adjusted operating margin to expand by at least 50 basis points for the year, and that free cash flow conversion will be more than 105%.
Lastly as a reminder, our 2019 guidance does not include or anticipate any impact from the First Data transaction, which we expect will close Monday. However, we will provide updated guidance for the combined company, along with a very preliminary look into 2020 when we convene our third quarter call. We also expect to provide historical financial information in mid-September using our go-forward accounting treatment for the combined company.
For modeling at close, we suggest you combine the guidance provided by both Fiserv and First Data in today's earnings releases and incorporate adjustments such as stock-based compensation for First Data, which as you know we include in our numbers, lower interest expense and also include a modest estimate for synergy benefits for the last 5 months of the year. We expect synergies to ramp through the balance of 2019 and deliver a much larger P&L impact next year.
For Fiserv historians, you may know that on July 31, we will celebrate our 35th anniversary. We're fortunate to have been part of the proud history of Fiserv and are even more excited for what we believe will be an amazing next chapter for the company. The opportunity to partner with our clients to help them serve their customers is a compelling reason to exist, and at the same time we've created meaningful value for shareholders, delivering a more than 33,000% return since going public in 1986.  
And as good as that sounds, we know our success is a result of the thousands of associates who have contributed to Fiserv over the years, along with the more than 24,000 current associates who come to work each day, singularly focused on delivering excellence to clients. We can't wait for the next 35 years to start.
With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Thanks, Lisa, and great to have you. We are actually seeing -- starting to see an uptick in demand for contactless or dual interface. We had not planned very much for that in our numbers, in 2019, thinking that we would start to see that tick up in 2020 and 2021. And having contactless available in places like the New York subway, we think, is helping that and obviously, the brands are focused on that.
So we issue about 100 million or so payments cards, or produce 100 million or so payment cards per year. We think that could actually be impactful. We don't see it having a significant impact in 2019, but we're optimistic that we'll see that roll in certainly in 2020 and 2021 as we see that move throughout the system.
The other thing that we're seeing just as interestingly, is we also do a fair amount around the prepay providers, and we're seeing the prepay providers start to issue EMV. And we believe that a number of them will actually jump straight to contactless. So we're feeling good about that. We like that as a tailwind, and we'll continue to monitor that.

Yes. Thanks, Dave. I mean we're -- obviously, we are both continuing to run our companies separately and we'll continue to do that until Monday morning or we expect to continue to do that until Monday morning. We know that First Data has been making a number of investments both inside the U.S. and outside the U.S. We're just as pleased as everyone else to see GBS North America post a nice 5% number. 
And the rest of the world is looking quite strong, and I think that's just a matter of seeing the cumulative effect of the work that Frank and his team have done. And it's one of the things that we talked about as you know, Dave, we really thought that there was a mismatch between the work that the team had been doing and the way that investors have been looking at that. So from that perspective, we see that coming together. 
And we believe that as you put us and them into a single integrated company focused on driving innovation and excellence for clients, so that will drive incremental growth to the extent of the -- at least $500 million of synergies and hopefully more. 
And then you're seeing on our side just the continuing aggregate effect of bringing on high-quality revenue, and then having some nice successes in the sales area, whether it be DNA, Architect card. And then the entire digital ecosystem. So Mobiliti continues to do well. We talked about Zelle. We're seeing real momentum in Zelle and we're excited about that. And we believe that, that will continue for the next -- probably, for the next 6 to 8 quarters.

Sure. Thanks, Jim. We have been very pleased at the work that the teams have done in identifying large categories and synergies. Everything from expanding the way technologies such as point-of-sale lending will look, focus on how do we help merchants get their money faster, the use of data in terms of thinking about how to make better decisions around fraud and the like. And then, outside the U.S., we -- one of the things that -- because we were pretty small in Fiserv outside the U.S. and First Data's much larger, we've been able to take a number of the solutions that we have and move them through the -- or sorry, not move them through, but look at how do we move them through the First Data distribution system or the First Data network outside the U.S.
So we think that's going to be interesting. And also looking at where we have some larger clients where First Data may not, trying to leverage those kinds of relationships. So I don't see us creating a lot of new innovation in terms of putting the international businesses together per se in the base business, but we do see interesting ways that we'll invest there in the future.

Yes. And it's a good question, Jim. I mean we obviously know banks are not excited about the fact that the Fed has changed their stance on interest rates. I think it was a little bit of a foregone conclusion or it has been at least for the last quarter or so. That said, we are not seeing any change in the demand structure for the institutions that we're serving and that's showing up both in terms of the large event, Forum, that we hosted back in May. We can see it in our pipeline and then the manifestation of course in sales, and the fact that we're going to -- we believe that we will achieve our full year objectives. 
So that's all to say that the need to spend money on technology is not changing. You can see that in how the large banks talked in their calls and we see it, and we continue to see money shifting from supporting legacy technologies to trying to do some of the newer, call them digital based or front-end kinds of experiences.
So right now for what we can see, we continue to feel like the spending environment remains consistent for now. We're obviously watching it closely. And so that looks in good shape. And then on the M&A front, we continue to see generally the same amount of activity. As you know, when rates come down a little bit, you'll see banks looking more for scale and that's certainly happening.

Sure. Sure. So I would say that when we put our original models together and thought about it, I don't know that we were deeply focused on what would be happening in 2019. It was our belief that First Data had been doing things both organically and through the allocation of capital, that would show up, and that we didn't believe that investors were giving First Data all of the due that they should. And I think we're seeing that manifest now, and we're hopeful and strategically focused on making sure that we make the right decision so that will continue. So we feel -- I would say that we feel quite good about the performance that we've seen to date as well as the guidance for the remainder of the year.
As it relates to the JV, I mean, obviously, we've had lots and lots of questions about the JV, which expires next June. Both Fiserv and First Data have long-term, multi-solution relationships with Bank of America, and we have every reason to believe that's going to continue. And we know that First Data and Bank of America are continuing to work on a plan that makes sense. 
What I can say is, during the diligence process, we put a lot of time into understanding all of the outcomes or the likely outcomes at least, that we expected could come through the JV. And since that point, we've continued to make sure that we're working with the bank to understand what's going on, and we're quite comfortable with all of the different scenarios. And what I can say, and I think this is really important, is that, currently, we don't anticipate a financial outcome that creates any meaningful negative impact to First Data's earnings and free cash flow for at least the next 3 to 5 years. And there are absolutely some scenarios in which a structural change could be accretive to the numbers once you get past that point in the future.
So from that standpoint, we feel pretty good about that. From a timing perspective, we do expect this issue to be better understood in the third quarter. So we think that the parties are coming together to create a situation that makes sense. I would also say, very importantly, that the Bank of America JV, the different outcomes that we can see, the scenarios, are fully factored into our transaction accretion estimates, which as you know, is 20% to adjusted EPS in year 1 and 40% at the full run rate. So Darrin, we think that we've done the work. We think we understand the risks, the pluses and minuses, and we just don't see it having a meaningful negative impact post close.

Yes. And Darrin, we are -- we said at the time and our planning teams have been working well together on the idea of bank merchant. I would say we are actually a bit more bullish today even, and we were pretty bullish then, but we're even more bullish today, and it's really on 2 factors. The first one is that traditional and branch enablement of Clover, and then we're also doing some really interesting things on the digital enablement front. And we fully expect that after we close on July 29, that we will be in the market and see proof points come in the second half of the year about the power of the combination, in terms of providing value to the merchant customers of the banks.

Yes. Brett, there is no question. The majority of the emphasis at in really all-sized institutions, have been focused kind of at the edge of the bank, right? So at the point of intersection between the customers and the financial institution and creating whether it be digital onboarding or any kind of digitization of the variety of financial experiences that customers engage in with their institution. So that's been a big piece of the focus.
What we are seeing is -- and we announced one of the proof points of it today was around our Dovetail, our market-leading payment hub technology. We had, I think, 5 signings in the quarter. And that's really above enabling pieces of the back office, so think about it as payments modernization, to keep up with what the real-time, right-now world that's happening at the edge. And so we are seeing a lot of exploration into that, call it the end-to-end that is necessary to ultimately deliver those experiences to the retail and the commercial customers and the small business customers of the bank. So we are seeing that happening.
If you said, is it more about the, using your words, the spaghetti? Or more about the experience? It's more about the experience. But I will say that the need to bring the solutions together is making its way back into some of the infrastructure and turning kind of some of the legacy into more modern systems. And it's going to take a long time to get done. But that's where we see people into RFPs and taking a look at what do we need to do serve, you see more end-to-end on that front.

So -- and Brett, obviously, you know -- you've known us for a long time, you know that's one of the areas that we've been focused on really since back to 2012 when we bought CashEdge to really accelerate our focus on P2P through Popmoney, and obviously now Zelle. I mean, we're very, very excited about the opportunity to use the -- you called it the funding account, the transactional account, as a way for consumers to interact with any of their providers in a more frictionless way.
And I think that's going to manifest in a variety of different forms over the next several years. And for us, we just want to make sure that we're in this. With think the scale of First Data with kind of roughly 40% of the merchant footprint and the scale of Fiserv with over 100 million transaction accounts, we like that. We like the optionality, and we're excited to work with our partners, with the financial institutions, and ultimately, with some corporates to see what's out there that can deliver a better service.
I think for now we're really studying that. We'll be able to study it a lot closer once we close, but we're very excited about that. And we're going to continue to plant flags around areas like Zelle because we think that is one of the differentiators to make some of that, I think you called it science fiction, some of that actually happen.

Yes. I mean it is, when we had talked about this originally, we talked about kind of the payments and network innovation opportunities playing an important role in the nearer term, call it over the next 12 to 18 months. We are going to be very, very focused on the -- on selling. I mean, we're excited to have a chance to get out of the blocks a little bit faster than we thought. We think base merchant is a very good opportunity in the near term. And the reality is, is that we have businesses like our Biller Solutions business, where we do a little part of the overall acquiring with these providers and being able to bring First Data in and having them be able to bring us in. We see a lot of, we call it integrated sales, but a lot of real high-value cross-sell that can move pretty quickly. 
Again, we won't know until we hit. But the problem that we have to the extent that there is a timing problem is as you know, Ramsey, we have to sell it and then we have to implement it, and then it has to go live. We like bank merchant. We think some of those things can happen quickly. Some of the network and payments opportunities, we think, can happen quickly. And so we see those to be a little bit faster than the others, but we're going to be focused on that and you'll hear us talk about how we're doing on that each and every quarter.

Yes. It's a really great question and I fear that we won't have time to go fully back and forth. I would say that if you would've asked many of the industry participants that you're referring to 5 years ago, if they would've thought that 5 years later that the industry would've taken the steps that it had taken, I suspect that people would say no, and certainly if you ask how quickly it had all changed, I think you will get an absolute, "No. You've got to be kidding me."
From our perspective, we see opportunities to deploy capital every single day. But it's important for us to stay really focused on one of the key drivers to the more than 33,000% return we've had over the last 33 years as a public company, and that's making sure we're allocating capital to drive value for shareholders. So we're going to remain focused on -- with the capital allocation strategy that we've used. And if occasionally there's something meaningful to do, we'll certainly consider it. But we see lots of ways to drive value without having to do major scale transactions.
I think we'll have to see how they come together over the next few years. We're just really, really focused on how do we drive as much cash flow for shareholders that we can, and make sure we deploy that capital to build the most value possible.

Yes. It's really -- it's an interesting time, and whether you're talking about the Chimes, or the N26s, and lots of other things that are going on, whether they'd be traditional banks or nontraditional banks, PayPal, of course. And I put Venmo as the hero example of what has to happen to make sure that the payments -- I'm sorry, that the deposit balances are being trapped in the banks. I think that's one of them. 
I think to the extent that we can make sure that we are enabling more commerce to happen at point-of-sale, and whether that be through better decisioning models, or point of sale lending, credit being available at the point of thought, those kinds of things so that consumers don't go to other places.
I think the whole intersection of digital experience, better decisions based on data, I think we'll see that become very important.
Venmo is a little bit of a capsule, and what can you put in it and around it to make sure -- not Venmo, I'm sorry, Zelle. What do you put around that to make sure that it's driving value for the financial institution clients. 
And the other thing is I think that you'll see us as part of the $0.5 billion that we're going to invest, I think you'll see a fair amount of that go to the points of intersection between financial experience, commerce, and making sure that banks are winning with their deposit gathering.

Yes, Matt, and thanks for asking the follow-up. What I was trying to say is, for at least the next 3 to 5 years, and it really is a matter of -- it's hard to look that far into the future in a scenario that is not fully baked. But there's no cliff at the end of that. It's just a matter of saying we think that should give investors confidence that there's nothing to really worry about at this stage. And that as the ultimate facts come to life, we'll work very cooperatively with -- and no matter what the scenario is, to make sure that both sides are being optimized in what they're doing.
And I do think one of the unique things here is this is not -- this arrangement, no matter how it ends up playing out, it's not a win-lose scenario. It's going to be a win-win scenario. And everyone feels like that's been the case. Obviously, we haven't been in the direct conversations, but that's -- that that's really the outcomes that are being driven here.

Yes. And we -- just to be even more blunt, we have not had any direct conversations with the bank. We're operating as separate companies on the joint venture discussion. And there hasn't -- on for Fiserv, there hasn't been any specific conversation pointing out that. We have a very good relationship with the bank on that front, and we're always looking to make sure that we're helping Bank of America to continue to be the #1 digital bank in the U.S., and that's an important part of its strategy.

Yes. Thanks for the question. That's actually one of my favorite topics. It's an interesting thing because your point of it's a little bit kind of a little bit in the rearview in terms of people talking about it. It's so interesting because you see all kinds of people trying to get into the business, and you're wondering, well, why are they trying to do that? I think they're trying to do that because we all understand that the ability to facilitate payments for a consumer or for a small business, especially through this consolidated model is way more convenient than website-hopping to make that happen.
The key is, is how do you bring in the biller and merchant information to make that experience topnotch? The other piece of it is, ultimately, having real-time money movement, real-time payments, that you can consistently and constantly use across all kinds of billers, is I think, the next big twist and the next big point that's going to change that value proposition.
And so, again, we're working with a number of our partners. It's one of the things that we're very excited about, to work with First Data. We think they've got a lot of interesting connectivity to make that happen. And I do think that it may take longer than people understand, but you're going to see bill payment be at the front of real-time consumer payments. And so whether it's -- whether you're using your illustrative hypothetical wallet to make a bill payment in real time, or to engage in commerce in real time, or to make a P2P payment in real time, I think you're going to see that come together. And it's one of the reasons why technologies such as Dovetail are so important as you see new clearings coming online, especially here in the U.S.

Yes. I'm -- again, this is a little bit of the world according to Jeff, and I want to make sure that I'm clear about that. The -- if you think about the card space as a pan-based space, right, the 16-digit number, and then you think about the transactional account as an account number model. I see them both having pluses and minuses. The connectivity to the debit card implies speed, real-time, safe -- safety and securely, and I think that matters. And so figuring out how to bring them together, I think, is an interesting way to look at it.

Yes. Thanks for asking that question, Kartik. Primarily because this was the first quarter, I think, in my entire tenure, where we were unable to buy back a share of stock. And I don't -- for people who know Fiserv and know me, that's not what we aspire to do. 
So our objective is to look at our leverage ratios, to pay down debt, to grow EBITDA, and to deploy the capital that we're going to create, the $4 billion or so of free cash flow that we're going to have a few years out, so that we can make sure that we're building shareholder value in a way that we have -- or consistent with how we have over the last, at least the last 14 or 15 years.
And it'll also, obviously, depend on our valuation and everything else, and we'll continue to use the same methodology that we have historically. And so the real answer is, we'll do it as quickly as we can. As you know, we did not suspend our program, we deferred it. And so I would expect us to get into the market as soon as we have the right level of comfort that we've met our commitments to the rating agencies, and that we can build shareholder value effectively, and efficiently, and consistently.

Yes. I mean it's a -- there is a bit of a squeeze in the community bank space, on whether they'd be banks or credit unions in the community financial institutions space for the reasons that you're mentioning. And I think one of the opportunities for us is to build products and solutions that will allow these institutions to take advantage of digital, which is a more cost-effective way to interact, but also to build revenue. It's one of the reasons why we're even more excited today about the bank merchant opportunity because we think we can see a lot of whitespace out there, where community-based financial institutions are not optimizing the amount of merchant revenue that they can create. And we're looking at how do we help, systemically, using our technology, to better optimize revenue? 
So it's a combination of how do we create more revenue? There's certainly going to be -- there's going to be always pressure on cost as there have been for the entire 35 years of our existence. 
And then lastly, it really is about how do you use this digital ecosystem to be more efficient? I think that's the trifecta that we're at least focused on.

Thanks, Glenn.

Sure. So I would say -- right now we have one core banking platform called Signature that we sell outside the U.S. We also have a -- we also sell that inside the U.S. And so we'll continue to focus on that. But really, we're most excited about leveraging the existing First Data footprint to try to go to market with some of our digital products, which we have a good footprint around the world. Dovetail, we're very excited about Dovetail. Payment hubs, the modernization of the payments ecosystem is happening, actually, more rapidly outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. And Dovetail is -- or was a U.K. company when we acquired it with most of their presence outside the U.S. And so for us, gaining more distribution is a great example.
We also have some strong, cash-oriented products, risk products, some fraud products, data warehousing, a number of different products that we can just add on -- or hopefully add on to the relationships that we have. And we don't see those being significant investments. The other thing that we have is First Data has a nice footprint of data centers outside the U.S. We don't have data centers outside the U.S. and the ability to take some of our products and not just deliver them on a licensed basis, but deliver them on a hosted basis, will allow us to build, not just revenue, but really the high-quality recurring revenue that we strive to deliver.
Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are -- we always appreciate your support, and we're really excited to come Monday to close the transaction with First Data and start the new Fiserv. 
So thanks, everyone. Have a good evening.