Thanks, Peter, and good afternoon, everyone. We're very pleased to be with you today as we share our first quarter of combined results, along with our insights and enthusiasm for the future of your company.
Financial performance is off to an excellent start following the July 29 close of the First Data transaction led by strong internal revenue growth, expanding adjusted operating margin and growing free cash flow. Synergy work is progressing well, and sales momentum continues to be strong. This performance contributed to increasing our internal revenue growth guidance to 6% for the year and adjusted EPS growth of 16% to 17%, setting us up for an even better 2020.
Although we are a larger, more dynamic enterprise, we remain fully committed to delivering upon the key tenets of shareholder value that have underpinned our performance for more than a dozen years. High-quality revenue growth, operating margin expansion, strong free cash flow and disciplined capital allocation are alive and well in new Fiserv. Along those lines, we reinitiated our share repurchase program late in the third quarter under a 10b5 plan. We are confident in our ability to both meet our debt repayment commitments and repurchase shares.
The integration of First Data is top of mind as we focus on building a great company. Yesterday was day 100 of this transformational merger, and we're really excited about the road ahead. Energy is high, teams are coming together and our integration activities are progressing well. Creating success for our clients is #1 on our integration agenda and foundational to the promise of this combination.
As I mentioned upfront, we're off to a great start financially with internal revenue growth in the quarter up more than 6% led by a very strong 10% in our GBS merchant business, and adjusted earnings per share was up 17% to $1.02. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter was up 130 basis points to 29.8%, and free cash flow was more than $800 million. For the year-to-date, internal revenue growth was also 6% with GBS up again 10% for the period. Adjusted earnings per share was up 16% to $2.87, and adjusted operating margin was up 100 basis points to 29.1%. Free cash flow through September 30 was 13% -- was up 13% to just over $2.3 billion, and free cash flow conversion was excellent at 116%. We continue to be intently focused on growing high-quality free cash flow and allocating that capital in a way that optimizes value creation on both an overall and on a per share basis.
Now before I turn the call to Frank to update you on integration and synergy progress, let me share a few proof points on how the combination extends and enriches our strategic position. Account processing is a critically important business, which also provides a strategic hub to further distribute high-quality solutions in a cost-effective manner, such as our new offerings around merchant services. Along those lines, we were pleased to sign another 14 core account processing clients in the quarter, including 6 on DNA, and have signed 41 clients year-to-date. We will continue to invest in enabling our account processing clients to serve their customers in a real-time, digitally-focused world.
Unlocking client value and expanding growth across our market-leading merchant-acquiring business is one of our highest priorities. Our cloud-based point-of-sale platform, Clover, crossed the $100 billion threshold in annualized payment volume in the quarter, a more than 40% gain over last year. Add-on Clover services are growing rapidly, and payment devices shipped is up 25% through September 30. We're also seeing significant growth opportunities across our e-commerce merchant business which, on top of strong sales, grew transactions more than 30% in both the quarter and year-to-date. Additionally, our integrated payments, ISV partners, expanded by more than 20% in the quarter. We're incredibly optimistic about the future growth potential in these digitally-centric merchant businesses.
A key strategic focus is to extend our position as the largest merchant acquirer in the world. The combination of a highly advantaged bank merchant opportunity, rapidly accelerating growth in digital commerce, global distribution and the continued strength of our Clover platform positions us to further expand market share in this important space.
The market continues to embrace payments innovation as the new norm. We believe our scale, with more than 1 billion payment cards-in-force, leadership positions in areas such as card network, electronic bill payment, ACH and Zelle combine to create meaningful growth today and optionality for tomorrow.
Last, we have a significant opportunity to meaningfully participate in global franchise growth. Whether looking at cash to card payments in India, gaining acceptance share in Brazil and Argentina or enabling more e-commerce in Europe, we are more holistically participating in the long tail of global growth. Now as a complement, we've identified a series of meaningful revenue synergy opportunities outside the U.S., further leveraging the solution breadth and processing scale of the combined company.
With that, let me turn the call over to Frank.

Thanks, Bob. We begin our new Fiserv journey with a far larger opportunity to deliver value to the market. Combined sales performance was up 15% in the quarter and is up 8% year-to-date. We had a number of important wins in the quarter, such as signing the California DMV and its 180 locations to the Clover platform. We also had larger competitive wins in the integrated payment space, such as Dash platform, smart service and MRI. And we added ALDI North and ALDI South, a global supermarket chain store with locations across 19 markets, to our e-commerce solutions. 
We were also pleased to expand our relationship with Golden 1 Credit Union in the quarter with a bundle of new value, including ATM Managed Services. We signed Western Alliance Bank with more than $25 billion in assets and TBK Bank with nearly $5 billion of assets to our Dovetail payment hub. And last, DNA momentum continued in the quarter, signing 6 new clients in competitive processes, including Landmark Credit Union, Wisconsin's largest credit union with more than $4.2 billion in assets; and Verve, a credit union with about $1.3 billion in assets.
Our sales pipeline remains strong. And importantly, the weighted pipeline of revenue synergies is approaching $100 million of annual revenue. We expect the synergy pipeline and related sales to grow as the market experiences the new Fiserv. For those tracking the original Fiserv, integrated sales was up 46% in the quarter and 17% through September 30. Operational effectiveness performance remained on track with $11 million achieved in the quarter and $36 million of savings year-to-date.
Now on to guidance. We expect constant currency internal revenue growth of 6% for the year, with the fourth quarter coming in around 5% due primarily to a slightly better-than-expected Q3, a tough prior year compare, including lower periodic revenue in our financial segment, and some purchase revenue adjustments. We expect adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.98 to $4.02 for the year, growth of 16% to 17%, which includes more than 300 basis points of negative impact from FX on our full year adjusted EPS growth rate. We expect adjusted operating margins to expand by at least 100 basis points for the year and that free cash flow conversion will be approximately 115%.
Although we are in the midst of our 2020 planning, we will provide a very preliminary view into our expected performance. For full clarity, this is not official guidance or outlook. Those data will be provided in our February call. As of today, considering the strong performance of the existing business, expected synergies and the current view into the continuing headwind from FX, we anticipate 2020 internal revenue growth of at least 7% and that adjusted earnings per share will grow plus or minus 25% over 2019's actual performance.
This has been a monumental year for Fiserv. We were named the World's Most Admired Company for the sixth year in a row, celebrated our 35th anniversary and, most importantly, combined with First Data to help achieve our aspiration of moving money and information in a way moves the world. And while others have followed our lead, we are even more confident today that our solution set, global scale and significant investment capacity underpins an unparalleled opportunity for clients, associates and shareholders.
Let us also thank our 44,000 associates around the world for their commitment and enthusiasm to building our new enterprise while continuing to serve clients with excellence. Each of you working together are truly Fiserv at our best.
With that, Michelle, let's open the line for questions.

Thanks, Dave. We appreciate it.

So Dave, there's a lot of questions that are in there. Let me take the first part of it and then have Frank fill in the blanks, and perhaps Bob will have something to add to it as well. I would say that if you start kind of at a little bit more of a macro level, you'll remember when we got on the phone in January 16 and announced the transaction that it was our belief that there was a mismatch between what was going on in the company and how investors were thinking and what we were seeing. And what we were seeing was that Frank and the management team had really put the company on the right path that they were making fantastic progress. And I'll let Frank talk about that. And it's an incredible testament to what the team has done to have delivered 10% growth, both in the quarter and the year-to-date.
But it was our belief that technologies such as Clover, right, with over $100 billion in annualized GPV, growing at 40%, which is actually an increase from the prior year's growth rate, and then you think about integrated payments and ISV and e-commerce growing 30% in transactions, that these pockets were moving absolutely in the right direction. But don't forget, there's still a big partner solutions business. There's lots of other pieces of the business that continue to just move in the right direction. So I think we have a lot of room to continue to run, and we'll be focused on that. The e-commerce business signed 30 new logos this year alone. So we're taking the right steps, and we're moving forward. And I think we believe that it will continue to grow. And also obviously, we have our international businesses that have been growing quite well. Frank, why don't you add?

Yes. Lisa, I would only add, we -- when Frank and I and the teams were going through the combination analysis and looking for where were the big opportunities, we, to some extent, put international off to the side because we had, in the original Fiserv, such a small international presence. And even though we had a fair amount of country diversity and maybe a larger amount of product diversity, we didn't necessarily think we would have the scale. And one of the things that we've been pleasantly surprised by is, because of the infrastructure, the scale that First Data brought to the party, we're able to take our solutions, host them for clients and run them and create recurring revenue. And there's been a lot of energy. If you're in a local jurisdiction, you want product. And we had a lot of product. There are a lot of relationships. And so we've got a lot more energy going back and forth. And we will now -- because of the combined company, we have reasonable scale, we will certainly look to deploy capital outside the U.S. where it makes sense strategically and for the rest of the benefit of the company.

Yes, it's really been quite impressive, the list of names that the company has been able to bring into the stable over the last couple of years, including a number of important names this year, as Frank said, to some extent, aspirational names in industries that we are aware of. But there's also a fair amount of middle market. Most of what we're seeing right now is in the -- in the omni-pay space, but in that middle market, so we're making great progress there. And we're building out a model where we're delivering incremental services so that we're able to create more value on a per transaction basis. So it's early. We've had this conversation, but the momentum is, I think, far greater than, certainly, we understood but, as important, I think more than the outside world has understood.

So let me start, and Frank will again add in. We'll play off of each other on that. To answer your latter question first, we've seen exactly no revenue to date from the bank channel. Lots of energy, as Frank talked about, 20 wins in 100 days and a large pipeline and lots of interest, which is particularly important now in a time where fee revenue is increasingly important, and we're obviously looking to help our clients. So lots there. We are making real progress in deeply integrating the Clover technology into the digital solutions in which we control, right, with our development shop. And so we don't have to deal with some of the exogenous factors that can get in the way of digital performance. So from that perspective, that's all good.
But again, to reiterate, that's not in the numbers at this stage. It's really across the board. In merchant, obviously the things that we like to talk about are the digital commerce technologies and the things that are "a little sexier" than maybe some of the others. But partner solutions continues to be incredibly important. Whether it is our business consultants who are out signing up merchants every day or signing a new ISV provider or a new e-commerce solution, it all comes together. And I think Bob in his prepared remarks talked about the fact that that merchant locations overall are up double-digit year-over-year. And I think that really just talks to all things of what we're doing and how we're focused on driving the business in kind of one important vertical at a time.

You heard Frank talk about the number of meetings that we've had with clients and talking about the power of the influential relationships. I mean I think at this stage, the best way to frame it is we're having a number of conversations that I don't think either of the original businesses will be having without having done this combination. So we're bullish about that, but we also don't want the card ahead of the horse. We need to keep moving the processes along. But again, the conversations and the interest levels are quite high.

Yes. So I would say one of the things that was in our prepared remarks is to make sure that we pointed out that we're buying under a 10b5 plan, and so which means that we would expect to be regularly in market. I would say we will not be in the market at the pace that we were at before. We are absolutely committed to making sure that we meet our leverage commitments to the agencies. And we will, for sure, do that. And that will come from a combination of cash flow generation, debt repayment and growing EBITDA. So from that perspective, I think we will pace it well. But the cash flow is strong and we feel good about that. We also had a couple of smaller divestitures in the quarter. And so we'll be looking to create as much opportunities we can to deploy capital as we have historically.
I would say that M&A itself is not a particularly high priority, differentiating and winning in the market is. And so where there are opportunities for us to deploy capital for M&A, and it's meeting our normal disciplined capital allocation deployment, then we're fine. But again, I think our #1 priority is making sure that we meet our commitments from a leverage perspective. And then we take it from there.

Thanks, David.

Yes, it really has to do more with the level of investment that we have been making in our solution sets over the last few years, in building product and having that product come to market. And that product has been a combination of internal builds as well as some small M&A that we've done that is enhancing our overall value proposition, specifically in some of the -- not surprisingly, in the digital arenas. So from that standpoint, it is really just about products that we've built. And I don't know that I would count it to be around growth in bank IT spend, but I do think it is the -- it talks to the importance of making sure you're building solutions in the places that matter most for clients. It's also around areas like deposit transformation, risk, fraud, the normal areas, mobile, digital, as we talked about. And then and then we believe wholeheartedly that the merchant solutions that we're going to bring, the integrated solutions that Frank talked about through Clover and others, will even further enhance that.

Sure. I would say that at this stage, a couple of things. Number one, this is not meant to be guidance. And the more detail that we give, the more Bob will not be happy with me. So I think we're going to keep it at a pretty high level. The second thing I would say is remember that we intend to resegment the company. And so when we give guidance, we'll be giving it across a new segmentation model. And so I think, again, getting ahead of that wouldn't make sense. 
At the higher level, I can tell you that we feel quite comfortable that the kinds of growth that is being delivered in the company is sustainable. And so there's always going to have ranges around that sustainability. But generally, if you think about the former GBS segment of First Data, 10% growth in the quarter, 10% growth for the first 3 quarters, to us, that feels like a level of sustainability around that. And we think that each of our segments will continue to grow. You'll remember that it was important for us to look for how could we continually and sustainably step up internal revenue growth, and so we'll look to do that.
And then the last piece is around the synergies, right? And synergies, understand that, as you know, synergies have to get sold and implemented. There are some things that come on faster than others. That's -- what I would say is we would expect that to be more back-end loaded as some of the revenues come on. But again, we'll have to see how that all looks when we give guidance in February.

Thanks, Brett.

Sure. Well, again, Brett, remembering that we're not giving guidance, we'll give you -- we'll kind of try to give it to you at the -- not the goalpost level but maybe at the stadium level. So we had talked about the fact that we expected revenue growth to be at least 7%. And there's a reasonable amount of variability as you start to move across the 50-yard line of the 7%. And that is how does synergies come on, how quickly do they come on, how do sales go, how do implementations go. Probably the most important thing for us to lay out is, as we sit here today, a lot of things have to go right as always, but everything doesn't have to go right, and that we really thought a lot about what was going to be the right way for us to give this early visibility to '20. And so we feel like this is a good, solid number and that there'll be ways to outperform it. And as Bob will remind me later, there will be ways for us to underperform it. But we do feel on balance that we are in a pretty good place in terms of that -- in terms of the 7%.

Yes. And I think, Brett, the thing that's important here is, remember, as we move to more of a GAAP methodology for recognizing the revenue, we were able to unshroud some of the underlying performance in -- certainly, in GBS. In the subsegment formerly known as GBS North America, we were able to unshroud that. Now there are contributions that come in. And I would say that we have had growth contributions from the JVs that are better than they were last year. I would also guess that, that is the smallest of the contributors. And to Frank's point, the other pieces of the business are growing faster and will be faster-growth vehicles not because, as Frank said, the banks -- the bank channel and the JVs are not important, they're critically important, and we're going to do everything we can to grow them. But we think that the seeds that have been planted in First Data for the last 3 or 4 years, whether it be Clover or BluePay or CardConnect or a lot of original or internal development, that it takes time for those products to be built and come to market. And so that's really -- those are really the bigger drivers, just to reiterate Frank's commentary.

Yes, let me start, Ashwin, on that. It's a couple of things. I mean when Frank and I got together and we talked about this, one of the many points of serendipity was Frank had believed that having an access to be able to get deep integration to a core processing system was really important, and then we are the largest core processor in the U.S. and really in the world. And so that -- the ability to drive integration, different levels of integration and access to information will allow banks to create a more compelling, integrated merchant experience for their customers and also because these are revenue-sharing partnerships, be able to create fee revenue. And you know, Ashwin, that fee revenue right now is really important.
And so you've got a convergence where we love the fact that we -- not only are we -- we have these great relationships with clients, but we get to pay them. And that -- we think that actually works quite well. And it speaks to the 20 wins in 100 days. I just think it speaks to the fact that, as we had talked about historically, especially at the smaller end of the ranges that Frank was talking about, you have banks that really haven't paid a lot of attention to it. And they see this as a great opportunity to go out and serve their customers and to create some additional fee revenue. And Frank, I think I would say it's going a little bit better than I anticipated.

Yes. I mean the synergies, Ashwin, I mean we -- the synergies are very low for this quarter. They'll be something less than very low in the next quarter. But as you know, we talked about the fact that we have actioned annualized run rate synergies of a couple of hundred million dollars. But the substantial majority of that is going to pop in next year. I would say that synergy -- the idea of synergies in our numbers for '19 have not had any meaningful impact on how we have set our guidance. They're an important part of next year. And I would say that probably the biggest single driver of what some people consider synergies would be interest expense saves in our numbers vis-à-vis the prior original companies.

Thank you.

And Glenn, we are -- I mean I think you heard we have good confidence in the $500 million. And we also think it's prudent for us to wait until our Investor Day to really lay out in detail how we see it coming together and where we may see opportunities to do a little bit better.

Sure. So I would say that if you think about -- you have to think about, at least for us, we -- for us, original Fiserv people, we've had to open the aperture, and we're happy to do it. We're not just serving primarily financial institutions anymore. We're serving really everyone who does something in the world of payments, commerce, money movement and fintech. And so from that standpoint, when you think about the entire ecosystem, there's a lot going on and what's happening in financial institutions is financial institutions are biasing their spend to areas in which it's most -- where it is most visible to their customers. And so whether it's digital -- sorry, whether it's consumer or commercial, right, things that are digital, abilities to serve clients in an Amazon-like way, that's really where you're seeing money go.
And then just money movement, payments, that entire space is just fraught with energy and innovation, and everyone is looking to make sure that they're on the wave. And because of the breadth of the company and the investments that we collectively have been making over the last few years, I think we're fairly well positioned. What we have to make sure that we continue to do is that we meet our commitments and deliver for our clients because that's really what they need most right now.

I would say it's probably too bold to say it's not having any impact on their spend. It is. But what we're seeing, and we've seen this before, is institutions are making choices. Perhaps their discretionary spend is going down or they're spending less on older systems and more on newer systems, again, where the institution meets the customer in the places that matter most. So I do see that going on, and the conversations are how do we do more. And in times like this, where you are a full-scale provider, you have opportunities to go in and win more business. 
And so we're certainly hoping and building strategy around the fact that that we think the suite that we bring on balance is the best in the market. And so we're looking, to Frank's point, about how we have client conversations. And there's more interest in doing things. There's a lot of opportunity to see, can you do things more efficiently and effectively as one larger enterprise. And so that was one of the things, Kartik, that we liked about this transaction is, yes, on one hand, there are some that say it's best to be pure play. We think being broad and the ability to put things together and integrate in new and innovative ways gives us a bit of a market advantage.

Thanks, Kartik. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We really appreciate your support. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great evening.