Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by thanking Jeff for his tremendous partnership since we started talking about merging our 2 great companies almost 2 years ago and working closely together the last 18 months on the integration. I'm excited to lead this great company which Jeff has led brilliantly for the last 15 years.
While we, all of us, have been navigating the global pandemic, Fiserv has faced those challenges with a clear mandate of serving our clients with excellence, while keeping our associates safe and healthy. The great progress we've made on those fronts is manifesting in accelerated integration, improving results and much stronger-than-anticipated sales. 
Importantly, revenue has shown sequential improvement each month since April bottom. In June, we saw just 1% decline in internal revenue, and we returned to internal revenue growth in the month of July. As Jeff mentioned, we have made great progress in the first year, actioning over $1.1 billion of incremental pretax earnings as new Fiserv, and we are highly confident of the additional value ahead.
In addition to our financial accomplishments, I'm thrilled with how our value proposition is coming together in the clients' office. We closed a number of terrific deals in the second quarter, with sales up a very strong 38% over the prior year and 20% year-to-date. Our excellent momentum continued into July with 2 important competitive takeaways in our credit card processing business. We were selected to provide issuer processing solutions by Atlanticus Holdings and Genesis Financial services, both leading providers of consumer credit solutions and each, on their own, would rank among the top 25 largest card portfolios in the U.S. based on active accounts. Larger issuers choose Fiserv for a variety of reasons, including our highly configurable processing platform, breadth of integrated digital solutions and a client-centric approach. We expect both of these important clients to go live with our market-leading solutions next year.
The resilience and diversity of our revenue was evident in our second quarter as we navigated a very difficult macro environment and generally delivered results above internal expectations across most key performance measures. Internal revenue declined 7% in the quarter and is down only 2% for the first half of the year. This performance is a strong testament to the great work by our people to deliver value for clients regardless of the difficulty in the end market.
Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter was down 4% to $0.93, driven primarily by COVID weakness. Adjusted EPS through June 30 is up 6% to $1.92 on excellent cost and revenue synergy performance and the strength and scale and breadth of our business. 
Importantly, we generated nearly $900 million of free cash flow in the quarter, up 23% over the comparable quarter and up 13% to $1.7 billion through June 30. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we repurchased 5.7 million shares for $550 million in the quarter and for the year-to-date, have repurchased 14.3 million shares for $1.4 billion.
In dealing with these uncharted waters, we have put our energy and focus on sustainable actions, such as cost synergy acceleration, that we believe will make us stronger and more profitable for the long term. We delivered $155 million of cost synergies in the second quarter results alone and now expect to book at least $550 million of cost synergy savings in 2020. We've actioned nearly $700 million of our $1.2 billion target through the end of the second quarter and $750 million through the end of July.
Revenue synergies are progressing equally well with continued strong performance in network innovation, bank merchant and cross-selling our market-leading solutions across the company. For example, we were able to add our DNA account processing solution for a new client's digital bank, where we were initially awarded credit processing. Revenue synergy sales in annual contract value were more than $50 million in the second quarter.
We saw continued strength in our bank merchant synergy program, even with the COVID slowdown, adding 42 new bank merchant clients in the quarter and nearly 70% were competitive takeaways. We signed more than 160 banks and credit unions in our first full year and have a very strong pipeline of nearly 400 institutions. Overall, we had actioned $130 million in annualized revenue synergies through June and are in a great position to achieve $600 million revenue synergy goal.
We signed 17 new core account processing clients in the quarter, 9 on DNA, including Northwest Federal Credit Union, one of the largest credit unions in Virginia with $3.4 billion in assets; and United Federal Credit Union with $2.9 billion in assets. Another important highlight was South State Bank, an existing Fiserv Premier account processing client, which recently merged with CenterState Bank and selected Fiserv's core platform and a number of additional solutions for their newly combined $38 billion institution. Even in these challenging times, our leading solutions continue to win in the market.
Our industry-leading digital and electronic payment solutions, such as Mobiliti, CardValet, Architect, TransferNow and Zelle, have us incredibly well positioned to support our clients in the digital transformation, which we believe is further accelerated by the pandemic. One excellent proof point on our digital momentum was in a recent competitive win with Northwest Bank, a long-term Fiserv client who expanded our existing relationship to establish us as their strategic digital partner. Northwest added a number of new digital solutions led by Architect, our single digital platform as well as a number of other customer-centric solutions, which will enable them to offer a more innovative and integrated solution for their clients.
In our card issuing business, we signed an important renewal with PNC, extending our long-term partnership with the seventh largest bank in the U.S. for both credit and debit processing. Bank of Baroda, one of India's leading public sector banks, awarded us their credit card processing in the quarter. When live, we will provide card processing services for 4 of the top 6 issuers in India.
Prior to the onset of COVID, our merchant business had displayed its emerging strength, recording high single-digit internal revenue growth through all of 2019 and further accelerating to low double digits in the first 2 months of this year. Even in the pandemic, our merchant business has performed very well relative to the market and we believe is even better positioned going forward. That strength is attributable to a number of factors, including the size and scale of our distribution network, geographic reach, diversity in -- diverse industry coverage, our Clover platform and rapidly growing and leading digital technologies, including e-commerce and ISV.
Clover gross payment volume is recovering well from the weakness experienced early in the quarter, with GPV up 24% in June and was up 32% in July. GPV for the quarter was $23.4 billion or more than $90 billion annualized. Simply stated, our Clover strategy is to grow the number of clients using our platform as important to extend the breadth of services offered to these clients.
We're creating deeper client relationships through solutions such as virtual terminal and online ordering that were rolled out in Q2 and are seeing solid early adoption rates. We are pleased to see our digital merchant acquiring platforms riding the growing wave of digital transactions across a variety of industries and geographies. We are seeing accelerated sales momentum in e-commerce solutions, adding 50 new clients in the quarter, 86 year-to-date and 144 over the last 12 months.
As the pandemic spurs the need for innovation, we are seeing our investments in omnichannel merchant capabilities such as order ahead to pick up in store gain even more traction. As the leader in this space, we provide omnichannel solutions to 9 of the top 15 QSRs, including McDonald's, Chick-fil-A, Taco Bell and Dunkin' Donuts. In Q2 alone, these QSR transactions more than doubled to greater than $50 million per month. Given the demand, we are expanding these capabilities into more verticals, such as grocery as well as other geographic markets around the world.
Our integrated payments continue to perform well, expanding our number of partners by more than 20% in the quarter. In spite of COVID, our ISV revenue was up double digits in the quarter. We remain focused on driving additional differentiation to capture additional market share in this space.
Overall, we're very pleased with our first half performance in this challenging time. The combination of integration benefits, the payoff from targeted investments and delivering new innovation that clients need is translating to significant sales and market momentum, which we expect will both support growth today and well into the future.
With that, let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on the financial results.

Thanks, Bob. We believe one of the most important aspects of the transformational acquisition of First Data was the commitment to allocate an incremental $500 million to support innovation. This commitment is unique to Fiserv, and we expect this program to create differentiated value for clients, opportunity for our associates and incremental growth for our shareholders. We'll provide a detailed update on our priorities and progress at our December Investor Day.
Based on our strong performance and sales momentum in the first half of the year, coupled with the trends we are seeing in our end markets, we are providing new 2020 financial outlook for adjusted earnings per share to grow at least 10% over last year's level, adjusted for divestitures, or at least $4.33 per share for the full year. Our 2020 outlook does not contemplate a sweeping second wave of shelter orders or other circumstances which create significant economic duress in the second half of the year.
We are pleased with our financial performance in the midst of pandemic uncertainty. We returned to positive internal growth in July and expect to achieve our 35th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. The combination of market momentum, along with the $1.1 billion of actions we have already taken, give us increased confidence in delivering strong results in '21 and beyond.
Diversity and inclusion have long been core principles of our award-winning people platform. At the same time, we're addressing the significant societal changes which we believe will have a lasting impact on both life and business as we know it. Through listening and acting upon what we are learning, we are confident we will build a stronger and even more highly committed team.
Back in June, we launched our Back to Business program, which supports minority and black-owned small businesses in the areas that have been hardest hit by the pandemic and social unrest. Working directly with local chambers of commerce, we've committed at least $10 million in grants, along with our best talent to help these businesses succeed and thrive. We are on the ground in Brooklyn and Queens, and we'll also expand to other markets, such as Atlanta, Chicago, Miami and Oakland. We have already brought business coaching and payment solutions to hundreds of businesses and expect to help multiples more as that program expands.
Last, let me thank our more than 40,000 talented associates around the world for their commitment and courage each day as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders.
With that, let's open the line up for questions.

Yes. So we feel very strong about that sustainable growth. What you'll hear us talk about, if you look at that business in total, we think the investments that we've made over time have really paid off. You hear us talk about the wins we have in e-comm, so that's a tailwind for us. You look at the double-digit growth we talked about in our ISV business. You look at the GPV running through Clover right now that we've talked about and the growth of it. And then we have talked about the 162 bank merchant synergy sales which actually have no economics in our numbers yet, but you should expect that to continue. And that's a very, very integrated solution that premise that we would bring together core processing clients and bank merchant and help them grow that business for their institutions.
And then I think if you think about the diversity of our client base, you hear us talk about what went on in those omnichannel transactions for the QSRs where we have a leading position, and then you also think about the geographic diversity that we have, which really, we think, is somewhat unparalleled. So our client diversity, our geographic diversity. And then our integrated solutions. We think we have the broadest and best solution set in the industry. And with all of that, we see very, very strong opportunities. The trough was deep. But to be back to IRG and the type of GPV we talk about with Clover really, really gives us high confidence about the future.

Yes, so I think when you look at the sales numbers we're talking about and how the company is coming together, it's beyond the expectations we had. We always viewed that we had this opportunity to come together in the clients' office. And if you think about -- we talk about we've had more than 340 total synergy sales, and then we also just have the general growth you heard -- you hear about the Architect business, up 56%. So in the totality of what we're doing here, we actually believe that this company has very good growth in the second half relative to the trough that we saw. And so I think there, you should feel that it's all -- all elements of the company will be growing. You heard us talk about those credit wins, and we had ones prior to that and the e-comm wins. So across the board.

Well, I think first of all, if you look across the businesses and as we go across all of it, we have had a deep dent in digital. We've invested heavily in digital, and that's why you see us win those type of deals like Atlanticus and Genesis because of that. You see Architect really winning in the market. In some ways, you see us being selected by many as their digital provider, right? And so we believe the sustainability is high relative to it. We think in some cases, acceleration will occur given the amount of investment we've put into it. I think -- and we think about it in global nature, too. You -- we have a lot going on in Latin America where you'll see some classic innovative solutions where we take all of our capabilities and bring it to the client.
I think if you look at -- during this pandemic, we have heavily invested into it. So you don't see us doing anything other than adding resources in the areas like Clover and ISV. And you'll watch that whole integrated solution come together, only adding resources in our credit processing group and not pulling back on anything. We use the synergy opportunity to save money, and that acceleration has come through well. But we consider Clover to have more growth opportunity than you see right now even at that set of numbers you heard, and we think our core banking platform as does our card processing.
And then if you think about what we're going to do with the potential of this ecosystem as we bring in Zelle and our other Mobiliti assets, our ability for the clients benefit is going to be very, very strong. And those are one of the things Jeff and I talked about when we started and why we're planning the $500 million into innovation, ultimately, to be able to continue that sustained drive, Darrin.

Yes, I won't limit it to '21 and '22 maybe is what I would say is. One of the things I signed up here and one of the great things I loved about how Jeff had brilliantly led the company was the capital allocation strategy. And I think we owe it to our shareholders to continue to put them as our first priority in every dollar we spend. And so I'll consider that tried-and-true strategy just flow through, I mean, 100%, and I don't think it's a '21 issue or a '22 issue. That's tried-and-true forever.

Yes. I think the pandemic accelerated everything people thought about digital. Maybe what people thought would take 5 years, will take 2 years or less than that. I mean you watched us build capability in digital much faster than maybe we would have thought it would have taken before. And our clients are fully engaged in. So I think speed matters, and clients are completely committed to being digital-first and we're committed to delivering digital-first for them.

I'd go back to -- if you go back to last July, when we talked about how this will perform and where we are today, we feel great about our partnership with the bank. We feel great about probably one of the largest dissolutions you've seen in an industry with zero friction, then extending a processing agreement for 5 years beyond, are current processing for them. And the bank has just been a great partner through it, and we feel as good as we do -- did ever.
So I just start with that. And we think, ultimately, both parties end up with a very, very strong good situation. But ultimately, we do see cost take out, and we do see growth opportunity as we talked about, maybe better than we talked about, last July. I'll let Bob take you through a couple of more deeper details. But I would start at the highest level that this dissolution was hugely successful for both institutions.

Yes. No, we feel very good about it all. We feel very good about it all.

Well, I mean, if you look at it, there are some fabulous names. The fact of the matter is many of those names were contributed by the original company, and we took those back. And they're just fabulous household, institutional names that we feel so good about, as did the bank itself. And then the geographic dispersity would be exactly what -- remember, this was a U.S. business that was really fundamentally what it was. And at the SMB level, there's a large Clover base on both sides. So remember, these were large Clover consumers that generate very, very good returns and who we actually believe we will do more with as we go forward as we bring out even the functions you heard like virtual terminal and order ahead and other capabilities. So I'd say great geographic dispersity, great reach from small to tall, some of the largest investment names you'll hear. And many of them were long-standing, deep relationships with the predecessor company.

Yes. I -- we haven't thought of the $500 million in that manner. We actually have been doing that over the past year in a very deep and aggressive manner and been usually successful at it. On that $500 million, we're really talking about next-generation opportunities, whether it be in data, whether it be in fraud, whether it be in decisioning. So you should expect us to modernize the place away from the $500 million that's in your run rate today.

Yes. I would treat it like it was a very small impact, not a large impact. And stimulus has a little effect. But those clients -- and we have a fantastic franchise there and with our financial institutions also. Those clients are pretty -- have been very, very durable during this process.

Yes. I think, first of all, whether 38% sustainable, you can be quite clear that the year-to-date number has large sustainability to it. And when Jeff and I put the companies together, one of the phrases that we use is how we would come together in the client's office. And we're seeing it in multiple ways. And remember, that 38% doesn't include those competitive takeaways like Atlanticus or Genesis. Those are July numbers. And we talked about the $50 million of synergy wins in the quarter. It's across the board. It's the full demand suite. I mean we -- this digital nature that people would like from us is very strong, and that's why we talk about Architect and how we're delivering that. I think you'll continue to see us, this bank merchant, really has yet to turn into anything in our P&L yet, although you would see that in '21. But I mean, the sustainability and the durability of our sales efforts are very, very high.

Yes. I think, first of all, if you think about it, we always had growth. This has continued to grow. And now we have virtual terminal out there. We have order ahead out there. So we felt when we're bringing e-comm into Clover, when we're bringing virtual terminal, when we're bringing order ahead, yes, we are selling more merchants also. But I want you to think also about how the acceptance levels of Clover are much higher than where we were at a different point in time. So it's more merchants, more functionality and more desire for the product by clients. I think that's how I'd think about it.

So first of all, we feel very, very good after we put these 2 companies together and how it's all coming together both in the client's office and in our ability to invest and build ourself. You hear a lot about things that we've built in terms of capabilities, right? And look, everything we're going to do is going to be against share repurchase because of our capability. So will there be a moment where there may be something that makes sense but we feel that our hands is completely full in capability. And we have a deep belief in our technology prowess and the ability to build things and scale them up in a tremendous way, things like Clover, things like Architect, what we're doing with Zelle. So -- but if you wanted to go to the backdrop, the backdrop is a filter lens against share repurchase.

First of all, our e-comm business has been thriving and winning and taking market share away. And when you look across the company, we always thought that it was a large -- it was a fair amount. When you look at what we're doing in omnichannel, that's new. That's new. But we're creating new total addressable market with it. It wasn't like that was like all those order ahead capabilities for QSR has existed before. But when you think about 50 million transactions, you're thinking about a tremendous growth engine that we're going to leverage across the world and across multiple verticals as order ahead has become a way of life for many. So I think when you think about it, these are pretty strong growth engines for us for a long time to create shareholder value for a long time, where we've -- we've already built it and we've already demonstrated our prowess.

Yes. Yes. I mean you heard us talk about some good wins in July. And I expect us to continue with a very strong pipeline and very, very receptive client demands. I mean our clients have commented to us at the highest level relative to how we're serving them during this pandemic.
Okay. Well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon. We appreciate your support. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team, and you have a great evening. Thanks.