Thank you, Peter, and good afternoon, everyone. 2020 was unprecedented on many levels. We started the year strong. And after entering the pandemic, we continued investing heavily in technology, innovation, our client franchise and our people.  
We've now entered 2021 with tremendous momentum. Your company performed very well given the circumstances across a number of facets of our business. Our 22% sales growth for the year demonstrates that we're clearly winning in the client's office. We strengthened our client franchise, raising our client satisfaction scores across all measures. We invest in our people platform, resulting in top quartile engagement scores amongst companies in the Fortune 500.  
We made outstanding progress on integration. We accelerated and increased synergy execution while ramping our investment in innovative products and solutions. We delivered 12% adjusted earnings per share growth for the year, marking our 35th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth, and we delivered record free cash flow. We are exiting the year stronger than we entered, and we're well positioned to capitalize on our momentum in 2021 and beyond.  
Let me provide a brief overview of our financial results in the quarter, and Bob will provide more detail later on the call. Total company internal revenue growth was 1%. That performance was led by our Merchant Acceptance segments, which was up 3%, a strong result in light of the global pandemic.  
Total company adjusted operating margin for the quarter was up 420 basis points and adjusted earnings per share increased 16%. Free cash flow was again excellent, coming in at $1.1 billion in the quarter, bringing free cash flow for the full year to more than $3.6 billion.  
Our sales momentum remains quite strong. Fourth quarter sales were up 19%, with terrific results in our credit processing, merchant acquiring and account processing businesses. Sales for the full year were up an impressive 22%. The combination of robust sales and excellent pipeline into 2021 is evidence that our formula of bringing the strength and breadth of Fiserv's offerings together with our integrated sales model is extremely well received in the client's office and bodes well for the future.  
Now I'd like to update you on how our leading digital-enabled merchant business is performing. Through Clover, our leading SMB platform; Carat, our enterprise omni-channel commerce solution; and Clover Connect, our rich ISV solution set, we continue to drive innovation, expand partnerships and deliver leading solutions to our merchant clients. The momentum within the digital-enabled segments of the merchant business continues to be excellent.  
Clover's gross payment volume grew 25% to $34 billion in the quarter or $135 billion annualized. We continue to extend the breadth of services to clover merchants with innovative solutions that enhance convenience, especially in the digital segment. For example, we recently introduced invoicing capabilities that allow Clover merchants, especially those in the services vertical, to build and collect payments from consumers electronically.  
Carat. So our continued growth with global e-commerce transaction is up about 25% both in the quarter and for the full year. We saw our omni-channel transactions, such as order-ahead and pick up in store, grow more than 125% year-over-year with some of our best-known quick service restaurant clients seeing excellent growth. We continue to capture market share winning 46 new enterprise-level e-comm clients in the fourth quarter, including digital acquiring for Overstock.com and Wingstop in North America.  
In Europe, we signed Total, one of the largest energy providers in the world to provide global digital payment acceptance services across more than 100 countries around the world. We also expanded employer relationships, delivering new products and services to key clients such as Lyft, where we are now powering disbursements to drivers. Clover Connect allows us to win new partnerships and drive growth in our partner solutions business.  
In the fourth quarter, we signed 44 new ISV partners, bringing us to 176 new ISVs signed for the year. Those new partner relationships are driving strong results in active merchants, up 43% in Q4. And strong revenue growth in the ISV channel. For example, during the quarter, Fiserv signed a strategic partnership agreement with RFMS, the largest provider of software services for floor installation professionals to provide omni-channel payment capabilities to their flooring customers.  We also signed one of the largest providers of eye care products and technology to provide payment acceptance services to its more than 7,000 eye care professional customers.  
To further expand our value-added services for merchants, Fiserv and Citizens Financial Group have partnered to offer merchants a new suite of lending solutions at the point-of-sale through Citizens Pay, providing merchants with flexible payment options for customers to finance purchases at the point of sale. The program expands a partnership we've had with Citizen since 2015 to provide new financing options. And we expect it to drive adoption in the fast-growing buy now, pay later space.  
Moving to account processing business. We continue to expand the number of privileged relationships we have in our account processing business across financial institutions of all sizes and types. We signed 19 new core account processing clients in the quarter, including 5 on the DNA platform, bringing the total to 60 for the year with 25 on DNA.  
I'd like to highlight a few of our recent wins. Service First, a commercial bank with more than $11 billion in assets, signed on for a full suite of Fiserv products including core processing, card services and output solutions. Lakeside Bank, a full-service bank with more than $2 billion in assets, signed on for our core processing, along with a robust suite of solutions that includes CheckFree, debit card services and Zelle. I'm also pleased that just recently, Republic Bank has partnered with Fiserv for core processing plus a rich suite of digital and payment solutions.  Republic is a $5 billion asset, full-service retail and commercial bank that was voted the #1 Bank in America for Service by Forbes in 2020.  
All of these illustrative wins were competitive takeaways with a common characteristic. They selected a leading core platform plus multiple surround digital solutions to support their goals of sustained growth and superior customer service.  
I'm also pleased to note that we signed 3 more de novo banks in the quarter. In our payment and network segment, we continue to see robust sales activity, including several notable card production and personalization wins. We gained a new agreement with Capital One to add Cap One's more than 1,500 ATMs to Fiserv's Money Pass ATM network, while offering their customers access to thousands of additional surcharge-free ATMs across the country. And I'm pleased to note that we expanded our long-standing partnership with PayPal, signing a deal in the quarter to integrate PayPal as a bill payment option for 5 share billers, a notable synergy sale.  
With that, let me update you on our integration efforts. At Investor Day, we discussed how our integration continues to go extraordinarily well and our synergy execution is far ahead of original schedule. Through December 31, we've already actioned over $1 billion of cost savings and are well on our way to fully action a $1.2 billion cost synergies by the end of this year.  
We entered 2021 with the majority of the integration work behind us and a focus on driving further growth and sustainable value in the years ahead.  
On the revenue side, we're pleased with the level of synergy sales, which accelerated in the fourth quarter. As of year-end, we've already actioned $215 million in annualized revenue synergies, and our synergy sales pipeline is growing robustly. Giving us confidence in meeting or exceeding our $600 million target.  
Our bank merchant program continues to be one of the larger synergy opportunity and offers financial institutions of all sizes and ability to offer their important merchant clients a modern suite of merchant acquiring capabilities including the innovative Clover platform, along with digital capabilities like loyalty programs and e-comm solutions. In the fourth quarter, we added 45 new bank merchant clients, bringing the total to 231 new clients since the merger, with more than half of those wins competitive takeaways. The pipeline into 2021 remains robust with over 500 financial institutions, prompting our continued confidence in achieving a sizable revenue synergy opportunity.  
One final point on our digital initiatives before turning it over to Bob. As you've heard us discuss in the past, one of the most important strategic initiatives is to redefine the client experience by utilizing the latest technology to drive innovation and offer digital capabilities across our payments ecosystem.  
We've taken 2 important steps in the last 60 days in this area. First, we acquired Ondot Systems, the leading digital card services platform for financial institutions of all sizes. We're committed to deploying capital, both organically and inorganically, to develop the digital and data next generational solutions that will drive growth long into the future.  
And second, further demonstrating our commitment to leadership in this area, we appointed a Chief Digital and Data Officer to lead these important strategic growth initiatives across all of Fiserv. Now let me pass the discussion to Bob for more detail on the financial results.

Thanks, Bob. We expect 2021 internal revenue growth to be 8% to 12% for the full year. This is modestly better at the bottom end of the range than our preliminary outlook we shared at our recent Investor Day. Given our current view of economic conditions, including the second stimulus in late December, and the prospect of a third stimulus package later this quarter, the significant growth rate acceleration relative to 2020 is driven by the multi-pronged impacts of our current expectations for an improving global economy, the overall continuing strength in our global Merchant Business, the cumulative impact of sales and implementation and continued achievement of in-year revenue synergies. 
We expect 2021 adjusted earnings per share in the range of $5.30 to $5.50, which is $0.05 above the range we provided at our Investor Day in December. The improvement is driven by the stronger exit rate from 2020 and the benefit of stimulus programs in the U.S. 
We expect adjusted operating margin to expand by at least 250 basis points. And free cash flow conversion will be greater than 108% for the year. Our internal revenue and adjusted EPS growth rate assumptions are grounded in our internal assumptions of when and how the economy will recover from the pandemic in 2021. The midpoint of our guidance generally assumes improvement of the pandemic and increased vaccinations throughout the first half of the year, leading to economic recovery in the second half. There are several factors that we believe will impact the quarterly cadence of the year-over-year growth rates, largely driven by lapping our 2020 performance, which included pre-pandemic performance for much of the first quarter, the depth of the impact in Q2 and then the start of improvement in the second half. 
Quarterly results may vary, including rates that may fall outside of the full year guidance range both on the low and high end for a particular quarter. We expect Q1 to be our toughest comparison and Q2, the most favorable comparison, then see more normalized comparisons for the second half of the year. 
Throughout this past year, every Fiserv associate was challenged to work differently, to reimagine how we do our jobs to serve our clients, who in turn were learning how to serve their customers. Faced with these challenges, I'm proud of our results. Across a number of measures, 2020 was a successful year. Our client satisfaction scores improved measurably during a time when our clients needed us the most. We saw our employee engagement scores improve even as we executed against a complex integration and through a pandemic. 
We meaningfully increased our synergy targets and accelerated the time to achieve those targets and then regress the integration of First Data to the verge of completion in 2021. And at the end of the day, your company achieved its 35th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. 
Among the most important initiatives your company undertook was the creation of our Forward Together plan to be a force for positive change in our communities. Our Forward Together plan is a 4-part commitment to support and empower underrepresented associates, business owners and not-for-profits. A pillar of our Forward Together plan, the Back2Business program was launched last summer. 
As part of Back2Business, we committed to invest $10 million to support black and minority-owned business owners and entrepreneurs. We are well into that monetary commitment and are now meaningfully increasing it to $50 million. 
As a further indication of our commitment to continued progress in this important initiative, we recently appointed a senior executive as Head of Corporate Social responsibility to lead these efforts for Fiserv as well as oversee sustainability efforts for the organization. 
Fiserv was once again named a world's most admired company for the eighth consecutive year with excellent scores in people management, social responsibility and a host of other categories. This is well-deserved recognition of the more than 40,000 hardworking and caring Fiserv associates around the world. I will close by thanking all of them, for working relentlessly to serve our clients and you, our shareholders. 
With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.

Well, I think the strategic point around Carat is that we've integrated for ease of access globally so although it could be utilized in many currencies in many countries, its multinational capabilities is resonating very, very well in the client's office. And that ease of access, its ability to optimize acceptance is really what's driving a very high win rate there. And the engineering underneath it was bringing to a single platform a single instance and ability to execute globally. 
And as you've heard us talk about through the course of the year, the hundreds of wins that we've had institutionally and those are in active, big names that are leaning into the commerce and economy. So it's resonated very well in the client's office, a lot of work done by the team to build it out and get it to be the platform that's winning in the market.

Yes. I think yes. It's 100% yes. And I would think about it in multiple ways. One, I would think about the bank channel itself. The other I think about distribution partners also. You've seen us announce Verizon, Paychex, Deluxe. So these are contact points where, in fact, they're touching SMBs, and they think they'll enhance their relationship with the SMB through a Clover offering. I mean you see Verizon packaging us in their offering now. So I'd like to take a broader perspective on the partnership, and then we could drop down to what we're doing with our bank partners. 
And because we have these privileged relationships in the core, the ability to brand feels very, very good and very strong. Will it have the same margin as our fabulous Carat offering? The answer would be no. But if you think about our ability to deliver and grow merchants throughout the country, it's very, very high and very powerful. In some of the cases, it's just penetrating their base. It gives them a new offering into their base. 
Our ability to do it digitally is much higher than it would have been 2 or 3 years ago. So completely accretive and is fundamentally our responsibility with our bank partners to do this, to bring them the possibility. And it's actually a revenue generator for them also. So from that perspective, it's good for our partnerships. It deepens it. We're building integrated stacks that caused them to have a better relationship with their client also.

Well, why don't I talk to you a little bit about the strategy behind it and why that growth is happening. And it really is about market share gains. It's market share gains in the ISV space. It's market share gains in the e-comm space. And then it's market share gains on the SMB. And really, Clover has played a significant role in that. 
I mean back to the question about bank partnerships and bank distributions, that's 1 avenue for us. So what we've seen is growth in all of those. And if you think about what's happened and the question one might ask is how has your business performed as it has. It's because of the fabulous client base we have in general. And then secondarily, us having invested heavily before we got here, actually in '17, '18 and through '19, we had a good strong industry-leading growth rate through '19. 
And then the combination of the 2 companies allowed us to be able to grow all facets of this. And I would say, when you look at it, it's growth across all of it: Across SMB in every manner, shape and form; across ISVs as we didn't have a big position, and we continue to grow that out, and that will continue, that pipeline is strong; and then bringing us into really Carat offering to our large institutional clients. So it is about market share gains.

No. I think as we laid out in Investor Day, and even if you look at what we've done over the past year and changed, you see a very balanced approach. We'll buy back shares or pay down debt, and we'll strategically acquire assets.

Yes. First of all, we know Ondot very well for a long time, had a great relationship. And the -- one of the founders actually came over to our company earlier. And so we -- and then we had always had a deep relationship with management. So I'd consider this a company we knew very well. And we could strategically think about how to integrate platforms. I think we always view it as the leading card-enablement platform for virtual access. 
But when you bring it inside to the company, our excitement and the founder's excitement are that we can do something much larger than they could have done on their own. And if you think about the Clover acquisition and what it turned into, there's great similarities. Of course, this is a much larger enterprise. We definitely increased our digital DNA inside the company. It will be a complement to our Sunnyvale -- large Sunnyvale presence with Clover and then with us sitting up a Chief Digital and Data Officer, the ability to ultimately take debit, credit, core banking and give our financial institutions the opportunity to have one click for their clients to get to all of that data is really where we're taking it. 
We've already inked a first win as a new company, a large name institution. So we feel great about it. I think we knew it well, so it was easy to integrate, and we are deep in integration meetings weekly and driving the top line. And I think you could look forward to us having large growth and digital presence through its acquisition.

Well, thank you for that. And so we had talked about a year ago or so, we had created a number of working groups within the company to begin the generation of where these next ideas for innovation would come. And the output product of that actually was the ending up of creating a Chief Digital and Data Officer within the company. And that would have a structure to allow us to deploy the $500 million. Of course, we already have begun that, and begin to do it in a way that will accelerate growth as we go forward. 
Now if you go back to Investor Day, we had talked about the $500 million was in our outlook that we had given you. But there was nothing on the top line for it and we're already spending it. 
So I think what you can find today is a set of initiatives, a series of projects being deployed, a structure built inside the company with a Chief Digital and Data Officer to be able to help it move forward in a manner that is across the whole company. And so I would think as we get into the second half of this year and you move into next year, you'll start seeing these digital and data initiatives, which ultimately will roll into the P&L on the top. 
And so Ondot isn't viewed as part of the 500, but the capability it brings will allow us to move at a faster rate on many of the digital and data innovations. And what I'd say, connecting the white space between the 4 pillars of our business to allow us to unlock opportunity for our clients. Bob, anything you want to add?

Yes. I mean we had talked about during the course of last year and through Investor Day that we see ourselves being close to a 20% sales growth company in terms of institutional sales because that's what we're really talking about there. So -- and January is off to a really good start. So I feel really good about January. So that's where I got to start thinking about it. And the pipeline of opportunities is robust. So I mean, it is a very well-received integrated model in the client's office. And so -- and then with our client stats going up, I think that bodes very well. 
Our employee engagement going up inside the company while we protected them in this very tough time, so I think we feel very good about what's going to happen during the course of this year around that. 
Well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon. We tremendously appreciate your support. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact us, and have a great evening. Thank you for your time.