Good morning and happy holidays, everyone. Welcome to our business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc and today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. 
What a difference a year make. We are clearly on our way back to full cruise operations, with 50 ships now serving guests as we end the fiscal year. And that's up from just 1 ship, 1 short year ago. We've already returned over 65,000 crew members to our ships and since resuming operations, over 1.2 million guests and counting have sailed with us. Now we've achieved that while delivering an exceptional guest experience, with historically high Net Promoter Scores.
These are strong accomplishments, especially in light of the uncertainty we faced just 1 year ago, when vaccines were not yet available and effective protocols to mitigate the spread of the virus were still evolving. Today, our team members and the vast majority of guests have received vaccines and many have received boosters. We have assessed the effective protocols for COVID-19 and its variant, enabling occupancy to progress toward historical lows. In fact, occupancies at our Carnival Cruise Line brand, which currently operates itineraries that are most similar to its normally published itineraries, are now approaching 90%, and that's after the impact of the variants on near-term booking. Again, Carnival Cruise Line continues to outperform with both occupancy and pricing strength. 
Even at this early stage, as a company, we are now generating meaningful cash flow at the ship level to date and growing, helping to fund start-up costs for the remaining fleet. Total customer deposits have grown by over $1.2 billion from the prior year level as our book position continues to build and to strengthen. Importantly, we ended the year with $9.4 billion of liquidity and that's essentially the same liquidity level as last year, but was significantly improved cash flow generation ahead of the aforementioned ship operating cash flows and customer deposits continue to build. With 68% of our capacity now in operation and the remainder planned by spring, we are well-positioned by our important summer season, where we historically have the lion's share of our operating profit.
Throughout 2021, we said that we expected the environment to remain dynamic and it certainly has. Of course, agility has been a key strength of ours, and we continue to aggressively manage to optimize, given this ever-changing landscape. As we have demonstrated through the Delta variant and now with Omicron, we have navigated near-term operational challenges. While the variants and their corresponding effect on consumer confidence have created some near-term booking volatility, our book position has remained resilient, and in the case of Delta variant, already recovered. Importantly, these variants have not had a significant impact on our ultimate plan to return our full fleet to guest operations in the spring of 2022.
It is clear, we have maximized our return to service in 2021, and we have positioned the company well to withstand the potential volatility on our path to profitability. At the same time, we have not lost sight of our highest responsibility and therefore, our top priority, which is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of everyone. That's our guests, people in the communities we touch and serve and, of course, our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside. And to that end, we've achieved many important milestones along the way in our return to service.
For example, broadening our commitment to ESG with the introduction of our 2030 sustainability goals and our 2050 aspirations, and that's building on the successful achievement of our 2020 goals. Increased our ESG disclosure by incorporating SASB and TCFD framework in our sustainability report, bolstering our compliance efforts, with the addition of a new board member with valuable compliance experience, a strong addition to our Board of Directors and our Board Compliance Committee. Improving our culture through emphasizing essential behaviors and incorporating them into our ethos, through training and development and through everyday real-time feedback.
As we are already among the most diverse companies in the world, with a global employee base representing over 130 countries, we are focusing our efforts on diversity and inclusion at every level and in all areas of our operations. And of course, there are many more operational milestones such as reopening our 8 owned and operated private destinations and port facilities. Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, Grand Turk, Mahogany Bay, Amber Cove, Cozumel, Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona, all delivering an exceptional experience to over 630,000 of the 1.2 million guests since resuming operations. 
Welcoming 9 new [ more ] efficient ships across our world-leading brands, including Mardi Gras powered by LNG. Mardi Gras is nothing short of a game changer for our namesake brand, Carnival Cruise Line. Premium brand, Holland America; introduced the New Rotterdam, sister ship to very successful Koningsdam; and Nieuw Statendam. Princess welcomed guests aboard a new Medallion-class ship, Enchanted Princess, and we'll welcome another new Medallion-class ship, the Discovery Princess early next year. And ultra-luxury brands, Seabourn.  We'll welcome Seabourn Venture with its world-class expedition team and a spectacular 360-degree view submarines.
For the U.K., we successfully introduced Iona, also powered by LNG. For Germany, we shortly take delivery of our 6 LNG-powered ship, AIDA Club, sister to the also highly successful, AIDAnova. And for Southern Europe, Costa Firenze and LNG-powered Costa Toscana will replace the exit of several less-efficient ships. Now these new ships, Mardi Gras, Iona, Costa Toscana have joined AIDAnova and Costa Smeralda to be the only 5, and with the addition of AIDAcosma [indiscernible], the only 6 large cruise ships in the world currently powered by LNG, demonstrating our leading edge decarbonization efforts.
Now while the utilization of LNG is a positive step for the environment, Costa's LNG is inherently 20% more carbon-efficient, it is not our ultimate solution. We have announced our net zero aspirations by 2050. Now while there is no known end to zero carbon emissions in our industry at this time, we are working to be part of the solution. We have and expect to continue to demonstrate leadership in executing carbon reduction strategies. We are focused on decreasing our unit fuel consumption today, reducing even the need for carbon offsets.
Our decarbonization efforts have enabled us to peak our absolute carbon emissions way back in 2011, and that's despite an approximately 25% capacity growth since that time. And while today, based on publicly available information, we believe we are the only major cruise operator that peaked our absolute emissions. Our entire industry is moving in the right direction. And as a company, with a 25% reduction in carbon intensity already under our belt, we are well-positioned to achieve our 40% reduction goal by 2030 and are working hard to reach that deliverable ahead of schedule.
Now in addition to our cutting-edge LNG efforts, we have many other ongoing efforts to accelerate decarbonization. To name just a few, they include itinerary optimization and technology upgrades to our existing fleet at an investment of over $350 million, in areas such as air conditioning, waste management, lighting and, of course, the list goes on. We are actively increasing our shore power capabilities. Greater than 45% of our fleet is already equipped to connect to shore power and we plan to reach at least 60% by 2030.
Now we helped develop the first port with shore power capability for cruise ships, leading to the development of 21 ports to date and counting. We are focused on expanding shore power to our high-volume ports around the world. That includes Miami, South Hampton, England and Hamburg, Germany. So to ultimately achieve net zero emissions over time, we are investing in research and development, partnering on projects to evaluate and pilot, maritime, scale battery and fuel cell technology. And working with classification societies and engine manufacturers to assess hydrogen, methanol as well as bio and synthetic fuels as future low-carbon fuel options for cruise ships.
Also, these efforts, combined with the exit of 19 less efficient ships, are forecasted to deliver upon returning to full operations, a 10% reduction in unit fuel consumption on an annualized basis. Now that's a significant achievement on our path to decarbonization. Our strategic assist to accelerate the exit of 19 ships left us with a more efficient and a more effective fleet overall, and it's lowered our capacity growth to roughly 2.5% compounded annually from 2019 through 2025. Now that's down from [ 4.5% ] annually, pre-COVID. While capacity growth is constrained, we will benefit from this exciting roster of new ships spread across our brands, enabling us to capitalize on pent-up demand and drive even more enthusiasm around our restart plan.
We enjoy a further structural benefit to revenue from these enhanced guest experiences, new ships. Due to the richer mix of premium priced [indiscernible] cabins, which will increase 6 percentage points to 55% of our fleet in 2023. Now of course, as we mentioned before, we will also achieve a structural benefit to unit cost, as we deliver these new, larger, more efficient ships, coupled with the exit of 19 less efficient ships that will help generate a 4% reduction in ship level unit cost going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line.
Upon returning to full operations, nearly [ 50% ] of our capacity will consist of these newly-delivered, larger, more efficient ships, expediting our return to profitability and improving our return on investment capital. Now we are clearly resuming operations as a more efficient operating company and we'll use our cash flow strength to reduce our leverage on our path back to investment-grade credit.
Last quarter, we discussed the initial impact of the Delta variant. We indicated we saw an impact on near-term booking volumes in the month of August. Booking volumes accelerated sequentially and returned to pre-Delta levels in November. And as we say we would, we maintain price despite the disruption, achieving 4% higher revenue per passenger cruise day in our fourth quarter than the fourth quarter of 2019. In fact, the Carnival Cruise Line brand where we, as I mentioned, are able to offer more comparable itineraries to those in 2019, experienced its second consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth for PCD, while improving occupancy with nearly 60% of its capacity return to service. 
Now that's a testament to the fundamental strength in demand for our cruise product, especially when you consider this was accomplished without the benefit of a major advertiser. We expect to build on this momentum with the brand's announcement just last week on its Funderstruck campaign, engineered to highlight the joy and fun of a Carnival Cruise. That advertising campaign is launching over the holidays, including the activations on Christmas Day and Time Square on New Year's Eve, in time for our wave season.
Turning to something that's very present in the news today, Omicron variant. We have also experienced some initial impact on near-term bookings, although difficult to measure. That said, we have a solid book position and intentionally constrained capacity for the first half of 2022. With the existing demand and limited capacity, we remain focused on maintaining price. Bookings continue to build for the remainder of 2022 and well into 2023. And we are achieving those early bookings with strong demand. In fact, pricing on our book position for the back half of 2022 improved since last quarter, and that's despite the Delta variant.
The current environment, while choppy, has improved dramatically since last summer. And as the current trend of vaccine rollouts and advancements in therapies continues, it should improve even further by next summer. So looking forward, we remain on a path to consistently deliver cash flow from operations during the second quarter of 2022 and generate profit in the second half of 2022. Importantly, we believe we have the potential to generate higher EBITDA in 2023 compared to 2019, given despite our modest growth rate, additional capacity and our improved cost structure. 
Throughout the pause, we have been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger and more efficient operating company to maximize cash generation and to deliver double-digit return on invested capital. Once we return to full operations, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. And we continue to move forward in a very positive way. And for that, I, again express my deepest appreciation to our Carnival team members, both shipboard and shoreside, who consistently go above and beyond. I am very proud of all we've accomplished collectively to sustain our organization through these challenging times and I am very humbled by the dedication I've seen from our teams throughout.
Of course, we couldn't have done it without the overwhelming support from all of you. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thank you to our home port and destination communities. Thank you to our suppliers and other many stakeholders. And of course, thank you to our investors for your continued confidence in us and for your ongoing support. Once again, we can't wait to welcome everyone back on board.
With that, I will turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.

Steven, I think we have the experience I shared in the opening remarks about the Delta variant. We recovered in November completely from that. We'll have to see how this plays out. I think the great news is it appears to date from scientists around the world and medical experts, that while this particular variant is highly infectious, it seems to have less damaging effects on people that contracted it, especially those who are vaccinated. And we encourage everyone to be vaccinated, everybody to get their boosters. We have very effective protocols, and so again, I think our actual performance, and we had these protocols in place, as you will recall, even before there were vaccines, we had effective protocols with sailings in Europe. So we're amongst the safest form of socializing and travel that there are.
And so to your question on the bookings, at this point, we have not seen any major impact on the second half '22, '23 bookings. It's hard for us to even quantify any impact, although we're kind of a reflection of overall consumer behavior globally. So sure, we've had some impact. We do see some -- a little spike in near-term cruise cancellations, but the booking patterns are strong. And we have not, at this point, seen anything and based on limited experience of the Delta variant and how this one seems to be playing out here at this time, not anticipating any. I hope that answered your question.

Okay. Dave, you want to take the first shot and...

Robin, thanks for the question and happy holidays to you. Obviously, we can't forecast what inflation is going to be and all that, and I know you understand that. But what we can tell you is that exiting the ships and the other efficiencies that we are managing, too, as I said in my opening comments, put us in a fundamentally lower cost basis. And we'll have to see what happens with inflation and so on.
But clearly, whatever revenue we're able to generate and prices look strong now, more of it will fall to the bottom line because of that. But I wouldn't want to try to predict inflation or anything, but we know we're coming out leaner and more efficient, and we'll be better positioned. And we're expecting to be in a position to deliver more EBITDA in '23 than we did in '19.

Okay. Sure. On the marketing spend, first of all, again, we're very pleased with the results we've been able to enjoy, especially with the Carnival brand, where the itineraries are more comparable to what they normally would be, pre-COVID, without any advertising are very limited. So as we get ready for wave, we are launching campaigns across the brands in anticipation of wave, still less spend than we had, say, in previous years pre-COVID but a significant ramp-up from where we are. 
And we're being very diligent as part of the efficiencies we talked about and looking at how to effect that spend for the greatest impact. So we've gotten more efficient in the spend, we believe, as well. So we are starting to ramp up. But again, the full fleet won't be sailing until sometime in the spring or whatever, obviously, we're looking for bookings now in the second half of '22 and beyond. So a lot of spendings with that. But we'll ramp up and judge as we go what seems to make the most sense and what's really going to drive guest behavior.
In terms of the supply chain and sourcing question, we're global. We source from all over the world. There's lots of dynamics everywhere. We've had single challenges, issue challenges at times with provisions or procuring, particularly services in a particular area. But overall, we are able to sail in a great way for the guests, where the guests are having a great time, in a way that is compliant and very much in the best interest of public health. And so we've been able to manage through. Any other color you want to add, David, on either point?

Go ahead, David. Go ahead.

The other thing, another variable there, another variable are itineraries and so we don't adjust itineraries either. And certain itineraries are more higher yielding than others and so on and so forth. But those are normal variances that happen year-to-year.

Absolutely. We're seeing higher spending levels on board. There's no question about that. In some cases, bundling is contributing to that. We've always done -- each brand is different. And over time, there's always been some bundling. There seems to be even more of it currently than there has been in the past. And it appears that when you have these bundled packages that overall, you end up getting a greater yield because there's additional spend. But right now, there's also, I'm sure, just this pent-up demand where people are anxious to go out and experience things and have a good time and that's also showing up on board revenues right now, which are very strong.

Yes. Thanks for the question. I think, first of all, we've had a number of ships on the Carnival brand on a 100% occupancy and the trend there is very good. But again, those itineraries are most comparable to the itineraries that existed, pre-COVID. And so you have very some itinerary, some going on in just great execution by the Carnival team.
In terms of which brand is next, that's pretty complicated. As we bring ships back, we don't bring them back right away anywhere near 100% occupancy. And so you have to look at the proportion of ships returning to service and when they return to service. And then you have to look at the itineraries. We also have different protocols around the world. We have a number of European sailings that still have social distancing or physical distancing requirements and that caps the occupancy in the 60% to 80% range, depending on itinerary in the ship and so on. So there are a lot of variables here, and we just have to see what the situation is around the speed of ramp-up and what the required protocols are and which itineraries we're going to be able to bring the ships back into.
With the plans we have, we can kind of predict, but this is a very dynamic situation and has been. Our team has been really able to adapt to it and execute well. Overall, the trend is positive and the brands will get to where they need to be, given their particular circumstances, but the trajectory, overall trajectory despite the fits and the stops and the speed bumps and pot holes and so on and so forth and detours, the overall trajectory is positive.

Yes. I think we have a strong partnership with Royal Dutch Shell in terms of LNG infrastructure access, et cetera. And then obviously, we go beyond that relationship to secure what we need. But if -- when we built the first ship, when we started building it, there was no infrastructure. And so we made a commitment early because of our commitment on the environmental front. And now we're very excited to have the 6 ships with another 5 coming. So again, you may have to adjust in the moment here or there or whatever. But overall, what we see, a clear line of sight on the infrastructure to support good yielding itineraries that are exciting for our guests with our LNG-powered ships. And then if absolutely necessary, the ships can use alternative fuel source, obviously, but our intention and purposes because we built them as LNG-powered ships to use LNG.

Go ahead, your follow-up. Do we have to participate and help fund or something the establishment of the infrastructure? We don't anticipate having to put capital in ourselves to help establish the infrastructure. We don't. We think there are plenty of players in that part of the business to do that. Timing may be a little off here or there, but we don't see a need at this point for us to commit our capital to building LNG infrastructure in ports.

We historically haven't hedged. And at this point in time, if that changes, we'll let you know. But historically, we haven't had -- we have felt that over time, that all takes care of itself, and we have some natural hedges with the portfolio we have and revenues and costs in different currencies around. Well, I know you're talking about fuel price hedging. But I'm just -- other than that, we really typically don't hedge.

There's no question that over time, we'll see a lower ratio of MGO, given the fact we're bringing in LNG, and we have advanced air quality systems on the ships, et cetera. So the combination of LNG and extended use of [ advanced ] air quality systems, we should see a lowering of the requirements on MGO as we go forward. David, do you want to add any additional color?

So I'll start just with an overall comment that clearly, the occupancy trend is really positive. Now when you look at the -- that comparison you just made, there are a lot of dynamics in that. For example, we brought on, as David mentioned, I think, in some of his comments, 22 ships or something. And obviously, when you bring the ships on, they're not initially at full occupancy. That's on purpose as we bring them in. And so that averages down your occupancy. So what we're looking at overall for occupancy trends or where you have comparable itineraries and ships that have been sailing for a while, what's happening with the occupancy on those ships. And that's a very positive message. So you have a number of things weighting those occupancy numbers. David?

Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.

Yes. Thanks for the question. I think overall, we continue to be informed by, again, the scientists around the world, medical experts. And of course, we continue to act in compliance with whatever the rules are in the destinations and home ports that we're operating. But the bottom line is that this is a dynamic situation in the markets where we are requiring vaccine, requiring testing everywhere. We require vaccines in most places. And we're encouraging boosters. Of course, our crew is vaccinated and over 10,000 of them have already received boosters and we'll be continuing with that. They are tested very frequently, the crew is.
And then those protocols have worked and have helped us be amongst the safest forms, as I mentioned before, of socializing and travel of any in the travel and leisure sector. So they have worked and they are continuing to work. So we'll see how it plays out. We'll follow the science, and obviously, we'll be in compliance. But right now, we are sailing with confidence. As you noted, there are going to be some cases. There's a far lower incidence of cases right now on cruise and at society at large, and we want to work to continue to ensure that that's the case. And when there are cases, the risk of propagation or spread of the virus has been very effectively controlled to date. And as long as that continues to be the case, we'll continue to sail with confidence. But we'll adjust and adapt to what we need to.
I think the most important thing is where we have had cases. In most instances, they're either asymptomatic are minor symptoms. We have not had lots of cases where people have to be hospitalized or worse. And I think that's important, and that's also increasing trend in society at large. And hopefully, that trend will continue. Other question? Sorry, that was the last question?

Okay. Look, everyone, thank you. I really appreciate your engagement. Please have a safe and joyful holiday and we look forward to talking to you guys at the next business update. So thank you very much.