Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 
Cadence achieved strong operating results for the second quarter of 2019, delivering 12% year-over-year revenue growth on broad-based strength across our product lines. Based on the strength of our business, we are raising our outlook for the year. John will provide more details shortly.
While there's an ongoing global economic and geopolitical uncertainty, we remain confident about the multiple long-term trends that continue to drive strong design activity. Driven by trends such as artificial intelligence, or AI, 5G, autonomous driving and IoT, design activity is being fueled by workload-specific computing, system companies building custom silicone, new silicone startups and digital transformation of industries such as automotive, aerospace, medical and other industrial applications.
Our Intelligent System Design strategy will enable us to provide more capabilities and value to our customers while also expanding our current total addressable market from about $10 billion to estimate $30 billion over the next 5 years. The foundation of the strategy is designed excellence, which is comprised of our core EDA and IP business. In addition, we are building upon our core competency in computational software to expand into 2 new areas: the first one is system innovation, where we are expanding into new system domains with products like Clarity, our new 3D EM solver that was launched last quarter. Clarity has received considerable customer interest with numerous evaluation underway. And second new area is pervasive intelligence, where we are beginning to apply AI and our algorithmic knowledge to our core business and specific verticals.
Now let us turn to our quarterly highlights for our core business. Our innovation engine continued to deliver as we introduced 4 significantly new products in the quarter. We grew revenue in digital and signoff by double digit year-over-year through both ongoing proliferation with market-shaping customers and adoption by new customers at advanced nodes. 
Samsung Austin R&D Center, a leader in high-performance design, has selected Cadence digital implementation solution for a next-generation high-end mobile CPU codesign. Cadence's state-of-art, Innovus-based floor delivered the best quality of results for the design, enabled Samsung Austin R&D Center to meet its advanced process node objectives. 
Innovium, a leading provider of innovative data center switching solutions, adopted Innovus for its highly scalable Teradyne -- TERALYNX ethernet switch design. There were more than 40 tapeouts at 7-nanometer and below using our full digital flow in the first half of 2019. And Innovus, our digital implementation solutions, has over 80 active customers for 7-nanometer and below designs, including 10 at 5-nanometer.
Next, I want to discuss highlights of our System Design and Verification solutions, for which revenue grew 7% year-over-year. Our hardware-assisted verification products, which are an integrated part of our Verification Suite, had done another good quarter. With the addition of Protium X1, we also provide a comprehensive solutions across IP and SoC verification, hardware/software regressions, system validation and earlier software development. 
Palladium Z1, our flagship emulation platform, added 6 new customers and had 9 repeat orders. Habana Labs, a leading AI processor startup, say that Palladium was instrumental for the development of Gaudi, the industry first AI training processor that natively integrate ethernet and RD&E and for their Goya inferencing chip.
Fungible, a pioneer in data-centric computing, used a combination of Palladium Z1 and Protium S1 systems in the development of their DPU summary of products. The DPU is a new type of microprocessor that will revolutionize the performance, reliability and economics of data center at all scales.
We introduced the Protium X1 Enterprise Prototyping Platform, which is the first data center-optimized FPGA-based prototyping system and provides multi-megahertz speed for 1 billion-gig designs, accelerating earlier software development and hardware/software convergence. Customer reception of Protium X1 has been very positive with earlier adoption from some market-shaping customers, including NVIDIA.
Protium S1 and X1 also added 3 new customers and received 7 repeat orders. We also delivered the smart JasperGold Formal Verification Platform that delivers an average of 2x faster proofs out of box and 5x faster regression runs, leveraging new machine learning-enabled smart proof technology. STMicro has been able to significantly boost its verification productivity with smart JasperGold.
Custom/analog grew a strong 11% year-over-year. In the quarter, we introduced an important new product Spectre X Simulator which is next-generation massively parallel circuit simulator designed to provide up to 10x performance gain while solving 5x larger designs, and while maintaining the golden accuracy customer expect from 25 years of Spectre industry leadership in analog, mixed-signal and RF applications. Spectre X was endorsed by MediaTek, Mellanox, Renesas and Silicon Works.
Now let me make a few comments on the geopolitical situation. We have, and we will continue, to comply with the United States Department of Commerce export control regulations. The situation is fluid, and we will continue to closely monitor it. While there is an ongoing uncertainty, thanks to our strategy, continued innovation and operational execution, we are well positioned to capture growth opportunities arise from the longer-term trends, driving strong design activity. 
While we do not provide details about any specific customer, I do want to emphasize that we have a very broad, diversified and global customer base.
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.

Sure. So I think clearly they have a number of Chinese -- China-based EDA companies offering field point tool solutions. And clearly we are not going to speculate in the broader hypothesis, but clearly, we focus to be the best partner for our customer and globally, include China.

Yes. So I think, Gary, we mentioned quite a few market-shaping customers. There's quite a few important one. They are the leader in the industry. And I think I assumed you referred to this marquee U.S. semiconductor company. Clearly, we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win with this U.S.-based semiconductor company, where we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. We are in the early stage of partnership. We are very heavily engaging with them across the product line, the breadth of our engagement. So we are excited about it, but we continue to stay on close and focused.

Yes, Jay, first of all, we respect Mentor tremendously. And right now part of Siemens, is a very big in the $100 billion company, so we don't take them lightly. And meanwhile, we respect them a lot. And clearly, there are some products are competing with us. I think you mentioned earlier the hardware verification emulation side, and of course, their Calibre products. So I think clearly, we continue to respect them, but we're effectively competing with them. So we treat them as business as usual.

So Jay, let me answer the first question and then John will answer the second question. So on the headcount, and we're pretty much -- it's pretty much on trend in terms of what we plan to bring on board, in terms of the talent and also the new FAE and engineering talent we continue to bring in. John and I, we have very thoughtfully tried to bring on talent with our executive team to really drive on our focus on customer success. And so clearly, we have a lot of multiple market-shaping customer. We are proliferating, and we need the FAEs to support customer success. And that is something we are very focused on that. 
In some of the AE resources increase, clearly, not just domestically, also internationally to support our customers. So I think all in all, I think it is very much on plan, and we continue to drive that. And then the -- as we always say, only when we see the green light from the customer in term of commitment, in term of proliferation with us, then we add AE and engineering talent to support it.

So let me start first, I think, John. First of all, I think, Sterling, we're clearly complying the regulation and limit some of our relationship with some of the -- any customer that may be on that entity list. And clearly, we review all the product portfolio to determine which are the product and related support, subject to the limitations. So I think this is something that we really focus on what are the maintained and support can provide, and we wanted the best customer and we want to do the best we can. But meanwhile, very important is to comply with the regulation.

Yes, so far we don't see that. But clearly, when the process prolong, and clearly, we'll see some impact. But clearly, right now, so far we don't see any impact. And then we have a very broad-based customer, as John mentioned, and we're happy in serving those customers.

Yes. We are very delighted with that 11% growth with the big base we have. And then clearly, it reflect our -- the leading products that we have and the tools that we have and the customer really counting on us to deliver the design. And then, meanwhile, a lot of application that I mentioned earlier in the 5G and some of the IoT and autonomous driving, and they are all mixed-signal. And so that is really strong combination of our strength in the analog, and now very strong portfolio that we have in digital and make it very compelling to grow that -- the mixed-signal RF area.

So Krish, let me address these 2 topics and then John will add some color. First of all, IP is a very lumpy business. And clearly, if you look at the first half, it's double-digit growth for us, and we like that. And then secondly, we just announced our Tensilica Q7. We're very excited about that whole double vision and AI performance for automotive AR, VR, mobile and civilian applications, and so we just put product release on that. And we have a couple of design wins in the data center, mobile and automotive application. And then the other part we like a lot is this 30 -- high-speed 30, 112 gig 30 at 7-nanometer. And we have very strong customer demands, and we're working very intensively with them. 
So overall, we like the IP business, and we continue to build that as part of our whole, we call it the design excellence. Including EDA and IP, that is our strategy. 
In terms of the PCB in the interconnect side, also a very good, solid business. And clearly, the whole system interconnect and system analysis side, and we are double-digit growth in that area. And so clearly, the whole system analysis, that will increase $4.5 billion TAM market. And then our Clarity 3D Solver, very well received by customer. We have numerous evaluations and strong customer engagement and interest. So all in all, I think we are pretty solid on that.

Yes. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. 
Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design brings, new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. Of course, Cadence will comply with all export regulation and will continue to access and adopt to the situation.
In summary, we are capitalizing on the multiple technology waves and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of our customers. 
In closing, I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.