Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the second quarter with revenue increasing 8% year-over-year and non-GAAP operating margin of 30%. John will provide details in a moment.
Our system design enablement strategy is perfectly positioned to enable the data-driven economy and the multiple key technology waves driving it. We are increasing our footprint with system companies and tailoring our solution to vertical market segments.
Not only the cloud data center one of the most significant technology drivers, it also enable us to bring innovative design solutions and increased productivity to our customers. This past month at Design Automation Conference, we introduced the Cadence Cloud, the industry's first broad cloud portfolio, for the development of electronic systems and semiconductors. Benefits from using Cadence Cloud include improved productivity, intelligent scalability, optimized security and flexibility. We collaborated with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud to deploy our cloud-related products in customer managed cloud environments.
We also launched Palladium Cloud, which is a cloud-based emulation solution that easily addresses peak requirements of existing customers and brings emulation to new customers and markets.
Finally, in conjunction with the Cadence Cloud, we've launched Liberate Trio, the first unified library characterization solution that employs machine learning techniques and optimized for the cloud. Cadence Cloud is endorsed by our close partners, ARM and TSMC, and more than 20 customers are using Cadence Cloud, including and Annapurna Labs, an Amazon company, and CNEX Labs.
Additionally, the aerospace and defense vertical had another strong quarter. A major aerospace and defense company selected Cadence as a primary vendor for SOC design and verification, including our software and hardware products. We also won a significant research contract with DARPA to develop advanced machine learning technologies that speed up in optimized power, performance and area results. Watch for more announcements on this exciting project tomorrow.
Now I will review a few additional highlights from Q2. Momentum continues to build up for our IP business. It was another strong quarter for our flagship DDR and PCIe products. We prototyped the world's first DDR5 test chip, achieving a data rate of 4,400 mega transfers per second in TSMC 7-nanometer process. We had significant wins for DDR with a major semiconductor company. For PCIe, we're the leading storage company, and we are working with our mobile customers on 7-nanometer sensor application. Tensilica added 5 new model -- new logos, with wins for application in IoT, wearable, photonics and crypto-mining.
Moving on to our System Design and Verification solutions. In Q2, our broad-based renewal with LG Electronics included adoption of our Xcelium Parallel Simulator. Other key Xcelium adopters included a large Chinese customer and an AI processor startup. Palladium added 6 new customers with 9 repeat orders. Two of the new customers are using Palladium Cloud. [ MCU Computing ] chose Palladium Z1 for their development for their next-generation ARM-based server chip. Palladium Z1 when was chosen for its scalability for the large designs, state-of-the-art debugging features, stability and availability over the cloud. 
Digital signoff -- digital and signoff continue to be very -- continue to do very well with 8% year-over-year revenue growth. Our digital and signoff solutions continue to proliferate with existing market-shaping customer and win new customers. More than 20 customers adopted our full digital flow in the first half of 2018.
Continuing our innovation in signoff, we enhanced our Voltus IC Power Integrity Solution with the extensively parallel algorithm that provides up to 5x better performance with giga scale capacity and cloud ready. HiSilicon verified that the new Voltus solution can deliver improved performance results for their future 5G silicon development.
Cadence also played an important role in enabling modern [ MOS ] technology such as RF, MEMS and sensor through providing advanced tooling and packaging solutions. We launched a comprehensive new virtual RF solution, partnering with National Instruments, to streamline the design and verification process of analog and RFIC and modules.
In advanced packaging, we already support TSMC InFO and CoWoS chip integration solutions, and we now added support for the new TSMC wafer-on-wafer stacking technology.
Reliability also becomes more critical as semiconductors proliferate in new vertical segments like automotive, medical devices, industrial and aerospace and defense. This quarter, we introduced the Legato Reliability Solution, the industry's first software products that meets the challenges of designing high-reliability analog and mixed-signal IC. Infineon successfully used this solution to speed up simulation runtimes by a factor of more than 100.
Like reliability, function safety is very important to automotive, industrial and aerospace and defense. ROHM used the Cadence Automotive Solution for safety verification, which is critical component in its ISO 26262-compliant tool change for automotive chips. Hitachi used our JasperGold platform to develop and receive certification for an industry safety controller. 
Before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. We drove excellent results through consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of our solutions to meet the needs of the data-driven economy. We introduced Cadence Cloud, the first broad portfolio of cloud-based EDA technologies.
Our growing aerospace and defense business had another strong quarter. Our flagship IP products are doing very well in the marketplace. Adoption of our Xcelium Parallel Simulator is growing. Our digital and signoff solutions are proliferating with market-shaping customers and winning new customers. And Cadence solutions are helping enable continued innovation in electronics through modern [ MOS ] technology.
With that, I will now turn over the call to John to review the financial results and provide the updated outlook.

Sure. So I think there's 2 part of the question. One is on the security side. Clearly, we are also looking at that, and then how to provide really high-quality design for our customers, including stronger in verification, and security is part of it, and then to drive the success to our customers. So that's one. And then the second question, regarding the -- can you repeat the second question again?

Yes, M&A, we have a very disciplined approach to the M&A. And clearly, we want to fit into our overall strategy and also the -- providing the customer with the differentiating technology and also recruiting the -- bringing the top talent either in the managerial or technical side. At that at the end of the day, it's very focused on the shareholder return.

So let me start first and then John will fill in. So overall, we really liked our refined IP strategy, and it's working well for us. It's another strong quarter for us in the DDR and PCIe. We mentioned couple of key one. The first DDR5 test chip is working and the 7-nanometer TSMC. And I highlight a couple of key success with the customer, the DDR with a major semiconductor company, PCIe with the leading storage company and also working with a leading mobile customer on the 7-nanometer sensor application. So overall, I think the IP business is doing well. And Tensilica also mentioned 5 new logos, and then going at about over 10% of the revenue. And so I think overall, we are quite happy with our leadership and also our IP portfolio. And as you know, we recently just add the acquisition of new semi, even though will be minimal impact for this year. Going forward, it would be exciting for us. It's very critical for the hyperscale. The infrastructure rollout, I think, is an exciting one for us. In terms of emulation, I think clearly, we are also quite pleased with our performance. We mentioned about 6 new customer and 9 repeat orders, and then 2 for the Palladium Cloud. And so we are excited about that. But I just want to highlight, it's a very lumpy business. Quarter-to-quarter may change, but overall, we like what we have. This is the third full year of continue to do well. And overall, we're really focused on the verification suite that consists of Jasper, Xcelium, Palladium, Protium and VIP. Overall, the verification suite is coming up nicely.

Yes. So I think you have 2 part of the questions. So one is about the overall EDA. I think, overall, I have to say, EDA is very good, driven by the strong design activities, especially when we drive the whole data driven and also the whole technology -- the technology waves and -- in terms of machine learning, deep learning application. So we see the increase in the design activity, and we are very pleased to see that. So overall, from the EDA side, we are excited. And then the other part is also the broad-based demand for our innovative system design enablement solution, have been quite well received. So overall, we are excited about the overall EDA environment. Regarding the partnership, you mentioned a couple of them. Clearly, we're also working on that. And -- so I think it's important to really focus on what customer needs, and we partner in some cases with our peers and also ecosystem partners, working together to support the customer success. And couple of them that we highlight in the past from, partnership with MathWorks and a partnership with National Instruments and many others. And so we continue to do that, and then we have our great success also.

Jay, it's a good questions. Let me address one by one. Pegasus, as you know, this is the -- for the manufacturing-related area. We are excited about the design we have with a massive parallelism and also cloud enabled so that we can really addressing all the cloud requirements. And then the other part is clearly, the -- we are very focused on the certification from some of the foundry partners, and we are excited about that, and stay tuned. And then on the Synthesis side, Genus, we are making great progress with multiple customer in the most advanced nodes. And then the Sigrity, in terms of the product and then the -- so far, we have great success, and then it's tied in with Voltus. And the approach, I think, is very good. But so far, we are not guiding any specific product line. And then clearly, just back to the Sigrity 2018, we have a new 3D capability that help the PCB that is quite unique. So overall, I think all this already built into our guidance for 2018. But just back to your point, these 3, we're making great progress. Stay tuned.

Yes, good question. So I think on the macro side, clearly, as I mentioned earlier, we see the design activity increase. And due to a couple of factors I mentioned earlier, the next decade would be the big data, data analytics. And that change the whole workload and become more data-driven economy, and we are very well positioned for doing that. And then, also some of the new technology like 5G, the machine learning, deep learning and some of the new [ ROHM ] fix and related -- silicon photonics-related area. And we are very well positioned for that. So I think, overall, EDA is more related to the design activity, and we really see the increase out there. So I think overall, I'm cautiously optimistic on that. Regarding the memory, clearly, the memory related to data memory and storage, will be critical for us. We are delighted. We are making great progress on the memory player and a customer we highlight in the past 2 quarters. We continue to make progress on that. And we also have very good progress on the some of the storage related. We just highlighted some of the IP engagement with a storage player. And so I think overall, the demand trend is continue to look good. And regarding the semiconductor cycle, as we all know, there's a cycle, but I'm very cautiously optimistic because we see the design activity has increased a lot. So we are excited, and we are very well positioned for that.

Good questions. So overall, we have done well in China. It's a growing opportunity, and we pay a lot of attention on that. And China, as you know, the government is very committed to build their own domestic industry to be self-sufficient, and we continue to be -- and I think most important for us is really to be the best trusted partner to our customer globally, including China customers. And we make sure that they -- our tool and our IP supporting them for their developments, and that's something that's a high priority for us. And then overall, we paid a lot of attention about the trade war, and then clearly, we hope for the best. But meanwhile, we really make sure that we are well positioned to support our customers.

Yes. So I think, Mitch, first of all, I'm not going to speculate. And -- so clearly, we work closely with all our ecosystem partner and ranging from the IP to the foundry, and include the semi-cap equipment. And so I think, this is a whole ecosystem, and we focus on what we do best in term of providing the tool and IP to be the best partner for the customers.

Yes, we are very excited about automotive verticals. And clearly, we are very well positioned on that. As you can tell, the automotive right now have a lot of more electronic components, and they also -- everybody from Tier 1 to the automotive maker, they're putting a big effort into the ADAS in term of machine learning, deep learning, to drive in the cloud-connected and -- device in vehicles. And we are very heavily engaging with them. And stay tuned. I think this is a great platform. We have great opportunity in term of the IP and also the tool. We are well positioned for supporting them.

Can you repeat the question again?

I think we are more -- we don't have the breakdown, but I think clearly, more on the chip design activity. And then the PCB side, clearly, we have some engagement from our Allegro and then the packaging-related area. But overall, it's a good opportunity for us, and we continue to support our customer.

Yes, I think you have a good questions, and clearly, cloud data center and Cadence Cloud is a high priority for us. We are delighted. We are collaborating with Amazon, Microsoft and Google to provide cloud readiness to our customer managed cloud. And that's something that is exciting. And we highlight a couple of offering from Palladium Cloud to Liberate Trio that is cloud available, and Pegasus on the cloud available. And we have great traction in term of customer adoptions and endorsement by ARM and TSMC. So overall, I think the securities issue that the last 2 years we have been working through with our foundry partner and our IP partners. And then more important is to make sure that our customer are satisfied, and then really feel comfortable to deploy and in their customer managed cloud. And that's something that's exciting, and we have rolling out product-by-product available in a very broad way to provide the cloud to really drive productivity, scalability and optimized security and flexibility to the customer, and we are very focused on the customer success here.

To answer your question, both. And so very excited to see some of the major customer really want to be in the cloud, and that can really drive the -- as you know, the [ data ] is driving the productivity and the performance of their design. And when you can able to partition all your design to spread over the unlimited server, that can be really, really drive the performance. And they see the benefit. That is really the key thing for us okay, then, to really embark on it. And then some of the smaller company also benefit from it. So at the end, either the small company or big company is really the bottom line is drive the performance, and then the scalability and the productivity for their design.

It's a little bit too early to give the guidance. And clearly, we are excited about this new Cadence Cloud, and we are focused on it, and then focus on customer success. And we are delighted -- the leading hyperscale web service cloud guys are partnering with us. And we are also very excited. TSMC and ARM are endorsing and supporting us, and this is a major effort, and we are clearly the leader in this.

And in some way, I think, Sterling, the feedback from our customer is really delighted because they see clearly performance improvement, productivity improvement, and that means that we can really support the pricing that we want to support a customer success.

Yes, Sterling, I think a little bit too early to tell. But so far, we are very encouraged in some of the customer feedback and also very strong partnership with TSMC and our hyperscale partners and to scale out and really able to provide that unlimited servers that they -- customer can enjoy, and then scalability and the productivity and the time-to-market for the benefit. And hopefully, that will really drive the success of the cloud.

In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well positioned with our system design enablement strategy to leverage the multiple technology waves that further proliferate our solutions with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovation -- innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence.
I would like to thanks all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hard-working employees globally for their continued support. 
Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.