Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.  
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. I know, I'm certainly not alone when I say I'm glad to put 2020 behind us. Clearly, 2020 was unprecedented. 
On the other hand, it also proved to be a true testament to the resilience of our company. I am really proud of how well we weathered the storm, and I'm very grateful to all of those who helped make it happen, particularly our Carnival family, both shipboard and shoreside. And believe me, it took all hands on deck to return over 260,000 guests home; to repatriate 90,000 crew members; to process billions of dollars, euros and pounds of guest refunds; and billions in future cruise credits; to accelerate the exit of 19 vessels and negotiate the delay in 16 ships on order; to move our entire fleet into full-pause status; to develop new cruise protocols and put them to the test as we resume cruise operations in both Italy and in Germany; to extend debt maturities and amend agreements with over 20 lenders and 40 different agreements; all while completing over a dozen financing transactions for a cumulative $19 billion of new capital.  
We ended the year with $9.5 billion in cash, and we have the liquidity in place to sustain ourselves throughout 2021, even in a 0 revenue environment. And we are emerging from a pause a more efficient and even better operating company. Now we executed a significant rationalization of our fleet, reducing capacity by 13%. And as a result, we are less reliant on new-to-cruise, thanks to our recurring base of repeat guests, and that represents a source of nearly 8 million guests each year, which will now be spread over a smaller fleet. 
Our strategic capacity reduction also delivers a structurally lower cost base, just by the fact that the 19 ships leaving the fleet are smaller and less efficient ships, we benefit by a 2% reduction in unit cost and a 1% reduction in unit fuel consumption going forward. Our efforts to rightsize our shoreside operations reduces our costs further as well as our continued focus on finding efficiencies across our ship operations. 
And of course, over time, we will achieve an additional structural benefit to unit cost as we deliver new, larger, more efficient ships, and this includes the recent delivery of Princess Cruises' Enchanted Princess; P&O U.K.'s Iona; Costa Firenze; and the highly anticipated Carnival Mardi Gras. Both, the first roller coaster at sea onboard Mardi Gras has already generated significant media attention for Carnival Cruise Line, garnering hundreds of millions of media impressions just in the last few months, as has the Queen Mary 2 for Cunard, which was the focal point in the recent star-studded film, Let Them All Talk, capturing over 7 billion media impressions.  
We further strengthen our Board of Directors, adding to an already experienced and strong board with the addition of a new independent Board member with a comprehensive background in compliance. We strengthened our management team, promoting Josh Weinstein to Chief Operations Officer. Josh is uniquely suited for this role, having previously led Carnival U.K. and prior to that, serving as our Corporate Treasurer and prior to that, serving in a role in our legal department. And together, with the rest of the leadership team, he will serve a key role as we continue to aggressively streamline our operations for effectiveness and efficiency.  
We are honoring our commitment to diversity and inclusion. And in fact, half of our operating companies are now led by women executives. We once again continue to make advancements in our sustainability efforts, reducing food waste and accelerating the reduction in single-use plastics, amongst other goals. 
One of the most rewarding aspects of 2020, clearly, was the strong fundamental demand for our brands. The forward booking trends we have consistently experienced throughout this period in spite of the extended pause in our operations, in spite of our minimal advertising effort and even in spite of the abundance of negative global news, affirm the underlying demand that will facilitate our staggered resumption and support the long-term growth of our company. And we have not only seen tremendous support for our brands from our loyal guests, it is also very encouraging to see demand from new guests. Upon resuming service, we believe we are well positioned to optimize that pent-up demand by leading brands around the world.  
Now as we've mentioned on our last couple of updates, our company is uniquely positioned for a phased resumption in cruise travel, given our multiple national brands, which can each be restarted independently. This has already proven to be instrumental in enabling us to resume cruising on a limited basis, both for Costa Europe, which is nearly 80% Continental European source, and for AIDA, which is roughly 95% German source. Our other brands like P&O U.K., which is 98% British sourced, P&O Australia, which is more than 99% Australia/New Zealand sourced and Carnival Cruise Line, which is 92% U.S. sourced, all present further opportunity. Additionally, the fact that these brands are characterized by ready access with drive to markets and a prevalence of charter duration cruises, strengthens the potential for success in today's environment.  
Of course, we will continue to utilize the 6 destinations we own and operate, including our 2 highly regarded private islands in the Caribbean, Princess Cay and Half Moon Cay. Half Moon Cay, for the 20th consecutive year, was rated by Porthole Cruise Magazine and its Readers' Choice Awards as the Best Private Island. 
We continue to work diligently to resume operations in the U.S., including, of course, ongoing discussions with the CDC. At the same time, we're working towards resuming operations in many other parts of the world, including Asia, Australia and, of course, the U.K., and we're working hard to do so in a way that serves the best interest of public health. Our highest responsibilities, and therefore, our top priorities are always: compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of our guests, of the people and the communities we touch and serve and of our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside. 
Now we dealt with many types of viruses previously and already have effective protocols in place onboard our ships, including screening measures, medical centers and enhanced sanitation procedures, which prevent and reduce spread once brought on board from land. Clearly, however, this virus is unique. And as you know, we've been working with leading medical and science experts around the globe to develop new and enhanced protocols and procedures based on the best available science to specifically address the risks associated with COVID-19. We expect these protocols to continue to evolve as society's understanding of COVID-19 strengthens.  
And as we are demonstrating with both Costa and AIDA, which have received high satisfaction scores from our valued guests, who have appreciated the changes we've implemented, we intend to initially resume operations with a small percentage of the fleet. So for our initial voyages, we've chosen a sail with low occupancy levels, enabling us to gain valuable experience with our enhanced safety protocols. Now we're working toward having all of our ships back in service by the end of the year. The development of low-cost testing, the continued advent of therapies and the pace of the distribution of vaccines will certainly influence the pace of our recovery. 
As the industry leader, maintaining a strong balance sheet has historically been a key strength for our company and a differentiator for our shareholders. Accordingly, we secured the necessary funding in a balanced and responsible way. Currently, we have the lowest leverage in our industry, and we retained the capacity to issue additional debt. Having secured the necessary financing to get through 2021, we will turn our attention to improving the balance sheet and reducing interest on our path back to investment-grade credit. We stretched out the delivery schedule, pushing out new build capital and more importantly, we have just 1 ship for delivery in fiscal 2024 and just 1 ship for delivery in fiscal 2025. That will significantly reduce capital expenditures during those years, enabling us to pay down debt.  
Now all of these efforts are in keeping with our primary financial objective going forward to maximize cash generation. As we return to full operations, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. With the aggressive actions we've taken, managing the balance sheet and reducing capacity, we are well positioned to capitalize on pent-up demand and to emerge a leaner, more efficient company, reinforcing our industry-leading position. 
Throughout these challenging times, we've received overwhelming support. So again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our dedicated members of the Carnival family. Thank you to our travel agent partners, and thank you to our other stakeholders for their ongoing support. And especially, thank you to our investors for their continued confidence in us and in our future.  
With that, I will turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.

First of all, just to restate, for me, we hope to have all of our ships operational by year-end. Obviously, as I'm hoping what's happened so far in early '21 here is just a hangover from 2020. But we're still navigating this thing as a planet, this whole thing. So hopefully, we have them all operating about in a year. And now I'll let David respond to the rest of your question. Go ahead, David.

Well, you know, as you can -- as you're very well aware, the whole vaccine thing is at the very beginning here. And so we're monitoring, we're in dialogue with not only CDC, but lots of other equipment organizations around the world for other destinations. And so we'll let it evolve over time, and we'll make the most prudent decision when the time comes. But at this point, distribution remains a bit of an issue. And so we'll make a determination as things evolve.

Robin, that's a work in process. Phase 1, we're in with what's been communicated by the CDC, the additional guidelines for future phases have not yet been issued by CDC. We have weekly calls as often as we need with them. So that remains to be seen. But what I can tell you is that we're on track to be able to do whatever we need to do in a very timely manner to be able to resume cruise ultimately.

Well, to answer your question about specific timing on test cruise, yes, we would be waiting. But obviously, we're doing a lot of things. We've started to bring ships back into the U.S. We have -- and bringing those ships back are meeting the criteria that is currently put out there to be in a position to then subsequently do test cruises. But to give you a specific timing on the test cruises, we would need additional guidance from CDC.

I think -- first of all, thanks for your question. I think first of all, look, we all stand together in trying to mitigate the spread of this virus. And whatever administration is in place, obviously, we're going to be totally in compliance. But we just want to be an ongoing part of the solution regardless. So in terms of incremental risks associated with one administration versus another, not thinking that way at all, either way, we have to do the right thing to serve the best interest of public health. And I think the signs, ultimately, will guide us all to there.  
With regard to other matters, obviously, Cuba was a focal point for the Obama administration opening up Cuba, et cetera. We'll see what happens with the incoming administration. We obviously will be well prepared. We were -- very actively, we're the first ones to sail to Cuba. And we'll be well prepared to be able to operate in whatever the guidelines and rules and regulations are. But we'll be prepared to, again, help people who really want to go to Cuba, see it the best way we feel, which is arriving via cruise and then experiencing what Cuba has to offer when it opens.

As I stated in my opening remarks and obviously, overall demand has been very robust, and we find that very affirming for our business. We do not see major differences across brands. Obviously, one would be Costa Asia, where the booking is much closer in than any of our other brands. But absent that, there's no big dramatic differences across the brands in terms of booking patterns or trends. And there's a lot of pent-up demand for cruise, which is evidenced by the booking patterns. And so -- and we're going to have smaller fleets. First of all, we're going to reintroduce on a staggered basis. The fact we have national brands, as we pointed out before, plays well for us in that regard. And the fact that we have a number of brands that are drive to markets, easier to get to, so on and so forth is another benefit, and that's around the world. And so given that we don't see dramatic differences across the brands and we see the genuine strength and what should be a robust opportunity once cruise resumes.

Bookings were robust pre-vaccine and have been post-vaccine, so we haven't seen any dramatic shift in that. Again, we haven't experienced a demand challenge for cruise, for all the reasons we pointed out, including the large base of previous cruise scores, repeat cruises, et cetera, where the demand is really getting pent-up because they've been many months without being able to satisfy their craving for a cruise experience. But I'll let David comment more granularly on some of the booking trends statement.

We want the freedom to operate, period. And so we'll be focused on, again, being in compliance with whatever CDC regulates. Obviously, we give our inputs and offer up other like science, medical experts, their inputs and whatnot. But the CDC will make their determinations, and we want the freedom to operate. 
Now having said that, as we mentioned earlier, the fact that we are global, that a large number of our sailings normally are outside the U.S. and so on, is -- gives us additional degrees of freedom, but we also have to secure the freedom to operate in other places. Now we've been doing a really good job so far in Europe with the limited startups of Costa and AIDA. But you're right, as you look around the world in different targeted markets, but obviously, the summer is also an active time for U.S. sailings with holidays and vacations. Of course, all of that feels a little different now. But nonetheless, it is an active period. 
So we're well positioned, we're differentiated. We have 9 world-leading cruise line brands, we have national brands. As things open up in staggered ways around the world, we can take full advantage of that. But we like to have the freedom to operate everywhere.

If it made sense, then first of all, we're always going to act in the best interest of public health, that's number one. Number two is if we have the freedom to operate sooner and there were itineraries that made sense, we would not rule out here in January, introducing customized itineraries prior to those periods for brands, if it made sense and we were able to do so. So yes, there is the possibility, even with brands that have announced a pause through a certain period of time, that if the opportunities presented itself and it made sense, especially if this is now January here, how many -- absolutely, we could introduce some customized itineraries, or something, to reintroduce if it made sense.

We'll have to see what evolves. And again, with the advent of the vaccines, with the acceleration of low-cost, more rapid testing, with advancements in treatments and so on, I think all of this is potentially in flux. That would definitely be the CDC's call to make. And -- but again, things change all the time, and we have to see. So I wouldn't say it's impossible. I think again, everyone wants to act in the best interest based on science. And if the science and conditions made it possible, then they may change their position. And then there's other places in the world and whatnot, and they have their rules and regulations. And so there will definitely be opportunity in some places in the world to have longer cruise itineraries for certain and possibly here in the U.S. prior to that date, but we'll have to see.

Yes. I think I learned a long time ago in different businesses, never try to predict regulatory anything because by its nature, it's not that predictable. So we provide the information, we're in active dialogue. They'll make their determinations and the time frame that, obviously, they feel comfortable doing so, and we'll respond to that. So we don't have a day definite for future guideline release from them, but we'll be prepared to act on whatever comes, whenever it comes.

And then the last comment would be this, that, obviously, we're in this business for the long term. And while we all want to resume cruising as soon as possible because cash generation and cash maximization is clearly, the order of the day for us as a business at this point, the reality is we want to do it in the right way and make certain that we're well prepared to be in compliance, whatever the rules and the regulations are. But whether we start sailing in April or March or June or whenever, the real value in this business, obviously, makes sense for many years and eventually, will all be back to the great days of growth in our industry and growth in earnings, growth in cash generation, et cetera. And when you look at it over time, a matter of a month here or a month there, a couple of months here or there, are not determining the future value of the industry or our company.

Thank you, thank you.

No, we wouldn't share any details. There are multiple meetings with the CDC at different levels. There's technical levels, there's medical levels, there's all kinds of things. And so at this point, what I can tell you is that we're in constant communication, as are the other cruise lines. And also, our industry association, CLIA, is also having dialogue as appropriate. And everybody is working together, focused on resumption of cruise in a way that fits with overall what CDC is determining is best for our society.

I'll give you that, David?

The 19 ships we plan to exit.

Not -- no, you're saying -- go ahead.

Oh, the proceeds. We wouldn't share that.

Yes. As I mentioned, with the ships exiting the fleet, there were less efficient ships we accelerated the exits, given the fact that there was no opportunity for them to generate cash in the near term given the pause we're in. And so the -- it gives us a 2% reduction in kind of base cost based on those ships exiting. And then 1% fuel advantage as well. So that's on the shipside. 
On shoreside and stuff, basically, with this pause, obviously, we furloughed and had to make a number of changes from a cash conservation standpoint to get our burn rate down. And it's also given us opportunity to examine, and we continue to do so, all of our operations shoreside to see where we can be more efficient, where we can be more effective. And that's in every aspect of the business. So when you say, give you a few examples, it would be the normal things you would think about. Right now, we're not advertising and all that, but you're looking at your marketing department, you see how you're structured also what you're spending money on and what have you. 
And we were on a path of continuous improvement before. We've been very successful through our sourcing efforts, but beyond that, even our operating procedures and stuff, where we were doing a pretty good job of getting unnecessary cost out of the system. And so we continue to do that. And with this pause, we've been able to take a hard look at every aspect of the business and continue to do that and have found additional opportunities for improved efficiency.

No, we have not seen any like dramatic trend difference in new bookers or new cruisers than we have in the past. But David, sound like you wanted to make a comment. Go ahead.

Operator, we'll take one more question, please.

Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your interest. Happy New Year. Be safe. Be responsible, I'm sure you all are. And together, we look forward to what hopefully, will be a very nice 2021 leading to many future years of success. So thank you. Thank you so much.