Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
We delivered a record third quarter, earning $1.7 billion on revenues of $5.8 billion, the highest quarterly performance in the history of our company. Adjusted earnings of $2.36 per share were higher than last year's record-breaking results of $2.29 and $0.09 above the midpoint of June guidance. Once again, our operating performance overcame fuel and currency moving against us, this time by a further $0.02 per share compared to our June guidance, bringing the total drag to $0.08 for the quarter compared to the prior year.
Strong execution will deliver a further $0.09 of improvement to the bottom line this year compared to our June guidance, more than overcoming a further $0.06 drag from fuel and currency, enabling us to increase our full year guidance by $0.03 from a range of $4.15 to $4.25 to $4.21 to $4.25. Again, these results are a testament to the efforts of my fellow very passionate team members across our company globally who go above and beyond every day and of course, also a testament to the tens of thousands of travel professionals who so enthusiastically support our brands.
On another note, since we released our sustainability report this quarter, it is appropriate to point out the combined efforts of our 120,000-plus team members, all who furthers our strong commitment to sustainability, helping to achieve a 26% unit reduction in carbon emissions since establishing the goal to passing our 2020 target 3 years ahead of schedule and leaving us on track to achieve 9 additional sustainability goals, as discussed in our recently published annual report, Sustainability from Ship to Shore.
We also closed the quarter on another positive note, celebrating the naming of our AIDAnova at a spectacular open-air concert and light show by Grammy-winning DJ and producer, David Guetta, at the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany. The sold-out event was attended by more than 25,000 people and viewed online by thousands and thousands more, another example how we create demand for our world-leading cruise line brands.
This next-generation ship was designed exclusively for our German guests and reinforces our leading industry presence in Germany, twice that of our closest cruise peer. AIDAnova is also significantly more efficient. In fact, she is over 20% more unit cost efficient and over 35% more fuel efficient than the AIDA fleet average, which bodes well for returns in the future.
AIDAnova makes history as the world's first cruise ship ever to be powered in port and at sea by liquefied natural gas, which is yet another of our many efforts to further our environmental stewardship. During the quarter, we completed contracts for 2 more next-generation ships powered by LNG, both by our Princess brand to be delivered in 2023 and 2025, bringing the total number of ships on order fully powered by LNG to 11.
Other ongoing efforts by our brands to create demand this past quarter included: Carnival Cruise Lines launching Homeport Advantage campaign, highlighted by a customized airship. The blimp visited a number of critical port cities to raise awareness for Carnival Cruise Lines' industry-leading 18 U.S. embarkation options. In the process, Carnival showcased 4 of the fleet's ships.
In fact, just last week, the Choose Fun airship came to Miami to welcome Carnival Horizon to its new year-round homeport. It was done with a well-publicized event hosted by Carnival's Chief Fun Officer, Shaquille O'Neal, and players from the Miami Heat. This month-long campaign has garnered nearly 200 million media impressions.
Holland America announced a partnership with Rolling Stones to create Rolling Stone Rock Room, bringing a live classic rock experience to its innovative Music Walk, complementing Lincoln Center Stage, Billboard Onboard and B.B. King's Blues Club. Holland America Line has also partnered with O Magazine for a new Girls' Getaway Cruise to be offered onboard their next ship, Nieuw Statendam. Oprah Winfrey, the ship's godmother, will personally join this very special sailing.
Princess topped 1 billion media impressions on the back of the Summer of Shark campaign, building on the strong partnership with Discovery Channel and the 30th anniversary of Shark Week. Also, luxury brand Seabourn received approval to begin sailing to Cuba, featuring 5 ports of call in Cuba. Seabourn is our third brand to offer departures to Cuba, joining contemporary Carnival brands and premium Holland America. In total, we have 7 ships and 80 calls in Cuba next year, 50% more than this year.
In the U.K., P&O Cruises revealed the name of its newest ship, Iona, in a social media event featuring U.K. TV personality, Stephen Mulhern. Iona opened to strong demand with its first day of sales achieving double the record volumes Britannia had 4 years ago.
For Cunard, new global deployments have been driving strong demand. They just completed the third Transatlantic Fashion Week, a very successful program. Next summer, Cunard will return to Alaska for the first time in 20 years, which has also been booking very strong.
In Italy, Costa celebrated its 70th anniversary with a highly publicized festival in hometown Genoa, drawing 120,000-plus attendees and millions of media mentions. We also made meaningful progress on our innovation efforts this past quarter, again putting our industry-leading scale to work.
As you know, this quarter, we completed the rollout of YODA, our state-of-the-art revenue management, to 6 of our brands, which will continue to drive incremental revenue, particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. We achieved a major milestone this quarter in our measured ramp-up of our OCEAN platform, having our first full ship, Caribbean Princess, with all guests onboard experiencing Ocean Medallion class cruising. Guest satisfaction scores onboard Caribbean Princess for the period are up substantially and are among the highest in the fleet. We continue to make refinements and add more features while pacing ourselves toward expanding deployment across the Princess fleet.
We are closing in on fiscal 2018 and remain on track to deliver record full year results and more importantly, achieve double-digit return on invested capital based on the strategy we put in place 5 years ago. We are also very excited to usher in 2019 as we continue on our journey to sustain double-digit return on invested capital with continued growth in both earnings and returns over time.
Next year, 4 new more efficient ships will enter service, beginning with Holland America's Nieuw Statendam; Sky Princess; Costa Smeralda, purpose-built for our European guests; and Costa Venezia, Costa's first ship to be purpose-built for China. As you can see, our new capacity is thoughtfully deployed across different brands as well as different source markets and destinations.
At the same time, we have sold into the secondary markets a higher number of ships than past years. We recently announced 4 ships will leave the fleet next year. We will continue on our path of measured capacity growth, adding more efficient ships, replacing less efficient ships over time.
All told, we are expecting net capacity growth to be 4.7% next year and below 5% compounded annually through 2022. And with 20 ships on order, which are [ scale fleet economies ], we expect this more efficient capacity to drive greater earnings growth going forward. And we've been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth. We're spreading that growth over a number of brands and increasing number of geographic regions, and we're careful when and where we add capacity.
As always, there will be temporary overconcentration of capacity in individual markets, there are every year. And as we have demonstrated, we can and will continue to manage that because overall, we operate in an industry that is both underpenetrated and capacity constrained. And we're working aggressively to grow demand for our brands, which will allow us to continue to fill our ships at increasingly attractive rates while still providing a better value relative to the equivalent land-based alternatives.
We look to continue to drive earnings and return on invested capital as we shift towards higher-capacity increases and cost containment, driving proportionally more of our growth in earnings, leaving us less reliant on the same levels of revenue yield improvement to continue to achieve higher earnings and returns.
At the same time, our strong cash flow and balance sheet enable us to accelerate our share repurchase program, opportunistically acquiring nearly $750 million of Carnival shares since June and investing over $1.2 billion in share repurchases so far this year, bringing the total to $4.4 billion cumulatively since resuming the share repurchase program just 3 years ago.
In fact, we replenished the share repurchase program back up to $1 billion twice this year, first in April and again this past quarter. The share repurchase, of course, is in addition to our recurring dividend distributions. As you may recall, we also increased our quarterly dividend in April, bringing dividend distributions to $1.4 billion annually. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet leave us well positioned to continue to opportunistically return cash to our shareholders.
We remain unwaveringly committed to growing earnings and growing return on invested capital over time through a combination of creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth while containing costs and leveraging our industry-leading scale. Our team has continued to deliver, and that execution, when combined with the strong fundamentals that characterize our industry, along with continued successful efforts to create demand, as demonstrated by the many achievements already realized, to sustain the momentum, we confidently remain on track to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond.
With that, I'll turn the call to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.

Yes, I'll do that. And I think I'll just take the opportunity now to do a broader comment on bookings and yield. We do achieve a premium on new ships, but you guys have to remember, we have 9 brands serving differentiated markets. And there's a range of yields across the brands which also influence overall yields, especially in booking periods. So while you'd get a yield benefit within a brand, that doesn't necessarily translate into a mix benefit to overall yields. So to give you an example, if a brand that is below the corporate averaging yield brings on a new ship and that new ship has a premium but the premium is still below the corporate fleet average, the brand does better on yield, but overall corporate yields are negatively impacted while we're making more earnings. So essentially, even if average yields are held back by mix, we still are growing earnings. Now of course, and we create demand to drive yield across every ship in all the brands, and we're receiving an earnings benefit as new ships are more efficient. We focus more on returns and earnings than yield. And when looking at booking trends, there's a plethora of things you have to consider when you look at yield, especially year-to-year comparisons. So demand -- other than demand, including relative capacity changes among the brands like I just talked about, itinerary changes, both destination and duration, management of the booking curve. Each brand is optimized in its own booking curve. Timing of charters, mix of value packages which impact onboard ticket price, which is in bookings -- ticket prices of in booking versus onboard, which comes later when guests are on board. And just to give you a little flavor, and I'll let David comment on the rest of the world, because I know people are concerned for some reason around capacity, but Western Caribbean has the highest capacity increase in the Caribbean for us but collectively, across our brands, is up. Carnival is the only brand maybe in the industry that is year-round in the Caribbean with capacity year-round. And Carnival has increase in capacity next year and is up on occupancy and on yields in the Caribbean. And so when you look at yield, for us, it is a composite of a lot of different moving parts. And in the end, we're focused obviously on driving earnings ultimately. And the fact is with capacity, we're less reliant on absolute yield movement, but obviously, we're still going to focus on growing yields. So with that, David, go ahead and talk a little bit about the rest of the world.

We're certainly going to work very hard to do just that, and every brand is focused on that. That's clearly what we're working on. At this point, we're not giving guidance for next year or anything, but we know you guys have models and we're just trying to give you some directional insight. David?

And there's -- as I mentioned, there are a lot other variables involved in terms of mix of brands, et cetera, when you talk about a region like the Caribbean. And so we see lots of evidence of strength, and we don't typically give brand by brand guidance or anything or even information. But I've already mentioned, for example, the Carnival brand, which is the largest brand we have in the Caribbean, has higher capacity for next season, is up in occupancy and up in yield already. And the Western Caribbean has high capacity increase but up in yields. So the Caribbean is strong and we've had record years there. Carnival continues to outperform. We have a lot of other dynamics that go in that, make an average yield number look a certain way, as I tried to articulate earlier. But overall, the Caribbean is strong. We do have some difficult comparisons, but we're growing earnings there and we'll continue to grow earnings there.

I would say that, first of all, just keep in mind, China is a small percent of the total, so we always start with that. But yes, clearly, with less capacity in China going forward, it creates an easier environment to operate in. We are going to have, as I mentioned, Costa Venezia, which is going to be Costa's first purpose-built ship for China. So as we look ahead to next year, we have less capacity in the first half year, more capacity in the second half of the year. But China continues to be accretive for us. We continue with the same policy we've had all along that as long as overall is accretive, we'll have ships there. If they're not accretive, we move them out. And right now, it's still relatively small part of our total, but it's doing well because it is accretive.

Clearly, one of the strengths of the Carnival brand and in some of our U.S. -- other U.S.-based brands is being able to access more of the market as a drive market. And so that's been an ongoing approach for the brand. That is proven successful. I believe we're up to almost 18 different U.S. points for Carnival where they sail all up in the U.S. And so yes, we continue to look for effective itineraries that guests want to go on, but giving them easier access to get to the ships. And it's an ongoing part of our overall strategy for Carnival and to some extent, for our other North American brands.

Yes. Yes, Robin. First of all, my comments were on earnings, much more so than yield in terms of the second half next year. And that's because a lot of the fuel and currency impact that we're currently seeing is occurring in the first half of the year. That's part of it. Also because we tend, from a spending standpoint, to spend money in advance of the season [ of doing wave ], et cetera. And so our cost will be more weighted in the first half of the year than the back half. So that was that comment. But real quick before David comments, just a couple of quick things. The Caribbean has been very good and is strengthening further. And I hear still a tone that people think there's a big challenge or yield risk in the Caribbean and et cetera. And the reality is we have had multiple periods where we've been ahead on occupancy and lower on pricing and I remember about a couple of years ago when people were concerned about that and we turned out just fine because a lot of this is also managing -- the booking curve is yield management. So [ as -- when you time ] and some of the other things I mentioned, when you have charters, what your mix is of guests in terms of people who have a higher propensity to spend onboard and you're attracting those people on, all those things impact. As well as for us, our mix, if we have a lot of ships coming in from brands that are lower yield overall than, say, Carnival brand, for example, our fleet average, that will give us a weighted yield picture even though we're growing earnings. And over time, that stuff tends to wash out and correct itself. You get onboard revenues that will contribute yield, et cetera. So we don't want to create any image that there's a struggle in the Caribbean because there isn't. We have record growth. We're building on strength. There's details and comparisons. But in the end, we're really focused on growing earnings with our yield management, things that we do. And we've been delivering and we intend to deliver. So go ahead, David.

I actually wasn't speaking about you, Robin. Thank you. That was [indiscernible] thank you.

It's probably for both. It's for both, Felicia.

Yes, exactly.

Yes, we have near double-digit increase in capacity on the Western Caribbean and we're up on occupancy and up on yields.

And Felicia, again, I just want to emphasize that a lot of things were driving it, including capacity, relative proportion of capacity from the different brands. So while the yield is whatever it is, we are constantly focused on growing earnings. And so there are brands that are below the average for the fleet that have significant capacity increase and are achieving an improvement in yield for that brand. But because it's weighted and especially, you get to a destination market like the Caribbean, it can pull down the overall average, okay, of growth. But we're still actually earning more dollars. So just -- that's one of many variables.

Yes, you're right.

We're always in pursuit of that optimized booking curve that maximizes obviously earnings. And it varies by destination, by brand, by source market, I mean, there's a gazillion variables there. And so we're not in absolute kind of singularly focused pursuit of moving the booking curve further out. That's not how we think about it at all. With YODA and the collaboration of our yield, our price management experts and stuff, we are really just trying to optimize each one and frankly, each itinerary for each ship, and it comes out the way it comes out based on all the variables there. But David?

I think that the more we create demand, the more likely it is for the booking curve to inch further out, and you guys get even better yields along the booking curve than you would have before. So I think that's more the answer. The better we are creating demand, the more likely you would see it kind of inch out a bit. There's obviously some theoretical limit to that, and some would argue obviously that we're approaching that now. But we are really just trying to optimize along the booking curve to maximize earnings.

Well, on the China portion, in terms of if you leave the domestic sailings volume, you mean like fly/cruise sourcing to China, it's growing, but it's still a relatively small percent obviously of the total number of almost 13-plus million guests we have a year. It's a relatively small number. But it's definitely growing. And over time, given the size of the market and the fact it's the largest outbound travel country in the world, that we expect that to increase over time and we have seen it increase. You mentioned Australia obviously. We've seen it increase in Chinese guests going to Australia and getting on ships, but we've also seen in Alaska and other places, too. So that would be that comment. Australia overall continues to be a very strong market for the industry and certainly for us. And we have good performance there with our P&O brand but also our other brands that are there. We've made a commitment up in Brisbane, which we announced in terms of a cruise, terminal expansion, again kind of reflecting the growth potential in Australia and a way to sustain that. So it's been a good market and we expect it to continue to be. But over time, China fly/cruise is going to be significant. There's little doubt to that. But also, the domestic market is going to be significant over time. And we are still very proud of our relationship with CSSC as we move towards ultimately putting our joint venture into the market and sailing ships. And as we look at taking on capacity that we've already announced on the 2023 and beyond, through that joint venture to help China build within their 5-year plan, which is a sustainable long-term cruise market, that ultimately could be as large as the global market is today.

I'll take the second part first, the earnings versus yield. And so again, I will repeat a little bit. The bottom line is we are absolutely focused on earnings. And to get there, you have to have yield for sure. But because we have 9 brands and we have a mix, we can improve a brand, as I mentioned, in yields but bring down the corporate average in the process if that brand evolves below the fleet average. In doing so, we're still growing earnings. And so we're clearly focused on earnings and for obvious reasons. And I know that you guys, it's easy for you all to follow yield because you can't follow the rest. But even within yield, it's a huge mix for us and so that's part of it. And when you're looking at bookings in particular, then you have all those other variables I mentioned because of mix between ticket versus onboard, and onboard won't show up until people actually sail. You have charters, you have all these different things that can affect what yields look like, during a booking period, along with the mix. And you have the actual yield management strategy itself for pricing considerations. So all of that comes into play. But overall, we are absolutely focused on earnings. We have been strong in yield and are strengthening in terms of our yield management. Booking trends for next year have been strong and are strengthening. And those will be the summary of things that we say and we weren't trying to give guidance for the first half. We were just again just giving you guys some directional input with the color around why things might look the way they do. Go ahead, David.

But it's certainly looking better than same period last year, yes, so -- okay?
Everyone, thank you so much. We really appreciate it. And we look forward to continuing to deliver, and we look forward to our next call. Thank you.