Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation and plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning, and a sincere happy holidays to everybody.
Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking; therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Collectively, our people, our fellow team members have achieved a very important milestone, and I'd like to take my prepared remarks on this call as an opportunity to share it with all of you.
Five years ago, we established a target to deliver by the end of 2018 double-digit return on invested capital. I am very pleased to share that we have achieved double-digit return on invested capital, while finishing the year with another record quarter of adjusted earnings, leading to the highest full year earnings in our company's history, our fifth consecutive year of adjusted earnings growth and third consecutive record year. I sincerely thank our 120,000 team members who went above and beyond to deliver for our shareholders a more than doubling in return on invested capital and near tripling of adjusted earnings per share in just 5 years through executing on our strategy to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while leveraging our industry-leading scale. It was their efforts that drove a $12 billion increase in market capitalization and the return of $11 billion to shareholders through strong dividend growth and opportunistic share repurchases, all of which was accomplished, while also achieving A minus and A3 credit ratings from S&P and Moody's, respectively.
It was also their efforts that enabled us to execute despite a plethora of headwinds, like rising geopolitical tensions all over the world, including the attacks in France and Germany impacting people's willingness to travel; actual geopolitical conflicts affecting our ability to retain some of our high-yielding destinations, like Turkey and Egypt for a period of time; there were disease scares and there were natural disasters like Hurricane Maria and Typhoon Talim; disruptions in China like with the trade and stoppage and travel to Korea; economic malaise in some key countries in Europe, including uncertainty around Brexit; and temporary overconcentration of industry supply at times in regions like the Caribbean. These headwinds caused consternation, in some cases even doubt amongst the investment community that we would, in fact, deliver. Again, I'd like to thank our team globally. It was their passion and their commitment that overcame all of that to still perform. And when combined with the strong support of our valued travel agent partners, enabled our record-breaking results.
While the journey to sustained double-digit return on invested capital is built on the foundation of exceeding guest expectations every single day, we have had contributions from many areas that helped pave the way to double-digit return on invested capital and have left us better positioned to sustain and grow return on invested capital over time. 
While the list of areas that will continue to pay dividends going forward is very long, I'd like to highlight just a few. Essential to our core strategy is creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth by increasing consideration for cruise globally and continuing to enhance our already high guest experience. Five years ago, if you had not yet cruised, there was little press coverage that would make you want to take your first cruise. Our proactive public relations effort has clearly had a positive impact. While we believe those efforts have benefited the entire cruise industry, today, our brands consistently capture over 75% of all positive media in our industry, and the absolute number of positive media mentions are multiples of what they were just five years ago.
Our brand's marketing efforts have shared the spotlight with many well-known personalities who brought with them a greater audience of potential new to cruise to our respective brands, like Oprah Winfrey for Holland America, Shaq for Carnival Cruise Line, Shakira for Costa and Her Majesty, The Queen, for P&O Cruises, just to name a few.
Our brands were featured on television programs all around the world, including The New Celebrity Apprentice; The Ellen DeGeneres show; the ITV reality show, The Cruise, in its sixth season in the U.K. and Ant & Dec also in the U.K. But we didn't stop there. We created our own original content TV programs, which have already reached more than 400 million views and counting, airing on major U.S. networks, including ABC, NBC, Telemundo and Univision. Our proprietary shows, The Voyager with Josh Garcia, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, Vacation Creation and for the Spanish-speaking market, La Gran Sorpresa, are among the most popular travel series on TV using authentic storytelling to share the powerful way travel by sea connects, people, places and cultures around the world. All of these programs and more can also be found on our own television network, OceanView, or our own mobile app, OceanView Mobile.
Through our history-making voyage to Cuba, we captured over 55 billion very positive media impressions and became the first U.S. cruise operator in over 40 years to bring U.S. cruise guests directly from the U.S. to Cuba. At the same time, opening up an exciting new destination option for our guests through now 3 of our brands, Carnival Cruise Line, Holland America Line and Seabourn, with more planned in the future. We made global news through the historic signing of a joint venture agreement with CSSC, China State Shipbuilding Corporation, forming a local cruise operating company. More importantly, we forged a significant long-term relationship to help build the cruise industry in China, which over time has the potential to become the largest source market for cruise in the world. And we made history with the debut of our Ocean Medallion, our patented guest experience innovation, which enabled us to become the first travel company ever to be asked to keynote at CES, the largest technology trade show in the world. So far, Ocean Medallion has received 36 billion favorable media impressions for our company, and has won recognition globally for our innovation effort, including being recognized by Fast Company as one of the top 10 most innovative companies in the travel category.
While so far our ocean efforts have increased awareness for cruise globally, particularly in new forums, like technology forums, the opportunity going forward has the potential to be even greater. We believe the Medallion class experience can elevate the guest experience by enabling the delivery of more personalized guest services, including features like expedited boarding, keyless stateroom entry, on-demand food and beverage delivery just about anywhere, anytime, crystal clear and easy-to-follow wayfinding and the absolute best Wi-Fi at sea.
In the first quarter of full ship operation onboard Caribbean Princess, our Medallion class experience is clearly resonating with guests and with crew. And we now have Medallion class activated for all guests on our second ship, Regal Princess. But ocean is just one of many technology-enabled milestones. Across our other brands, we're in the process of rolling out new technology, both onboard and shoreside, including enhanced targeted marketing, improved CRM capabilities, new mobile app and redesigned website, which collectively contribute to enhanced guest experience, and an empowerment of our travel agent partners, increased revenues and reduced cost of sales.
Our state-of-the-art revenue management tool, YODA, has been deployed across half the company to facilitate further yield growth, particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. Our cruise brand continues to make great strides in furthering the guest experience, whether through new destinations like Cuba, Amber Cove, new terminals, like Barcelona or Dubai. Our multibillion-dollar fleet-wide reinvestment efforts, like Fun Ship 2.0 for Carnival, are signature of excellence for Holland America. Of course, our ongoing fleet replenishment efforts are central to our strategy to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth. Over the last 5 years, we welcomed 12 state-of-the-art larger, more efficient vessels, at the same time exiting 9 less efficient ships from our fleet, building a more return resilient fleet. And we leveraged our scale to reduce cost, achieving cumulative savings of over $350 million in just 5 years, and we believe we have more runway ahead to continue the momentum.
We also had many notable achievements in our sustainability efforts, including the opening of our significantly expanded Arison Maritime Center in the Netherlands, delivering state-of-the-art maritime training through cutting-edge bridge and engine room simulators and curriculum. And we opened 3 state-of-the-art fleet operation centers around the globe to provide real-time support, ship to shore 24 hours a day.
On the environmental front, we exceeded our target unit fuel consumption reduction of 25% 3 years ahead of schedule. And we made history just this week with guests sailing on our first ever cruise ship able to be solely powered by even more environmentally friendly liquefied natural gas. We are fully committed to continuous improvement in health, environment, safety and security.
The last five years have been transformative, achieving breakthrough results against considerable odds. It's a great foundation to build on. In fact, today, our business model is more sound than ever, having built into the fleet even greater return on investment resilience on top of an even stronger balance sheet.
As our journey continues, we will stay on much the same path to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while leveraging our industry-leading scale to deliver a sustained and growing double-digit return on invested capital. That said, the relative contribution from the components of our earnings model may change a bit going forward.
In the past 5 years, we grew capacity on average 2.5%. We achieved average annual yield growth greater than 3%, while containing cost increases to less than 2% compounded annually. Going forward, our fleet replenishment efforts are purposely designed to achieve greater economies. Over the next 5 years, we will welcome 17 larger more efficient ships and continue to divest our less efficient ships, representing net capacity growth of roughly 5% compounded annually. We expect this more efficient capacity to drive greater earnings growth going forward. Now this higher rate of capacity growth will enable us to better contain cost leaving us less reliant on revenue yield growth to produce double-digit earnings growth over time.
Our strong and growing cash from operations, which reached $5.5 billion in 2018, is more than enough to fund our debt service requirements, our non-new build capital expenditures, our annual dividend currently $1.4 billion and opportunistic share repurchases. In addition, we have access to $14 billion of committed export credit financing at attractive rates to fund our future growth CapEx. Of course, all of which will continue to be in the context of maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. The underlying fundamentals are strong. Of course, in any given year, a confluence of events can occur that would temporarily disrupt the consistent growth path we've been delivering, but there is no doubt, no doubt that our business is poised to perform extremely well over time.
Our guidance for next year reflects, once again, delivering record results. We expect net yields in constant currency above this year's historical highs on mid-single-digit capacity growth, producing nearly $1 billion of incremental net revenues, resulting in yet again growth in earnings and end return on invested capital. While this has been a very turbulent time for the equity capital market, we are working to ensure our corporation will come to be valued for the resilience and consistent execution that our portfolio brands has proven over these last 5 years and time and again.
Going forward, we plan to continue to grow our earnings and to deliver sustainable and growing double-digit return on invested capital over time. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.

Okay. So Felicia, first of all, on the opening part about the solid 2019, we're -- we see a very strong base for our business in 2019. We're going to grow our earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and so we focus on earnings. As you know, yield is one of the tools that -- to get to earnings and with the capacity increase we have, and at this point in time we're before wave season, we don't have that and, obviously, we have to factor in the unknowns, like we always do. So the 1% is our best guidance. But of course, we're going to be striving to beat that, as we have in previous years, but that's our guidance at this point in time. We also have just a combination of mix issues, which I'll let David talk a bit about. Go ahead, David.

No. I wouldn't say it's significant change or anything. Again -- I think the other difference, Felicia, a bit is, we're really focused on earnings and return on invested capital. And so as we have the higher capacity increases, so even the European brands are going to grow in earnings, okay. And that's where we're driving towards. And so with greater capacity, you're less reliant, obviously, on yield increases. But obviously, we're going to strive to get the yield increases. But at this point in time for our guidance, given we're in front of wave and uncertainties and some of the challenges that were referenced in terms of economies in Europe, we think that's the prudent guidance at this point, but that guidance takes us to where we want to be in terms of earnings and increase in return on invested capital.

Nothing really changed. I mean, we don't have a more conservative view to be blunt. I mean, we feel confident about the year. Again, we're focused on earnings and return on invested capital. We're giving the best guidance we have at this point. But I would say what's changed is that we're well ahead on occupancy. We have -- even with the capacity increases we have, we have less to fill next year than we had at this point in time last year. And so we're actually seeing strength. And so we're not -- we don't -- nothing has changed. We aren't more conservative than we were before or whatever.

In fact, we are in a better looking position than even thought at that point in time.

I think YODA is a tool, and it allows us more frequent inquiry and more frequent adjustments, and it's a powerful tool. It will show up more in the second half of '19 in terms of impacting real results. But fundamentally, it builds up from the bottom. So the key in yield manage to us is by ship, by itinerary, et cetera, and you're looking at it's not just 9 brands, it's all of the itineraries and specifics and it builds up to what it is. So for certain on some of those itineraries, I am sure along with the tool and the experience of revenue management [ scientists ] that with capacity increase they wanted to be at a certain point on the booking curve, et cetera, that may have driven decisions, but there are a lot of other variables. How much you bundle, how much of the bundling is allocated to onboard versus ticket, affinity groups, charters, there's a lot of moving dynamics there from a booking standpoint. But overall, for the guidance in terms of where we'll end up, that's what we have given our best shot at, at this point in time.

We don't give it brand by brand, but the reality is at this point in time, no.

Again, the timing of capacity when it comes on, et cetera, all those things factor in, but what we can assure you is that, we have the foundation for double-digit earnings growth over time -- over the near term here, the medium term. And I don't know exactly the 5%, it might be a little higher than that, but the bottom line is that's our best guidance at this time, and, of course, we're going to be working to beat that.

No, no, not at all. I would say that, obviously, there are some challenges in Europe broadly on continental Europe from turbulent economies or what have you. But the bottom line is with everything we just told you, our European -- our EA brands are going to grow in earnings and they are absorbing the capacity. They're going to be better than they've ever been. And so for us, it's still very strong. On a relative basis, average to the fleet, all those kinds of things, all that impacts our average numbers that we share with you guys. But in the end, we are focused on growing earnings and growing return on invested capital. Our makeup is different than some of the others in the industry. But Europe is going to grow earnings. Europe is doing well. They're absorbing their capacity and they are absorbing it, and we'll see they're working to grow yields in the end and we will see where we end up.

Yes, there's a blurring between ticket and onboard. Brands try different combinations as they move along their booking curve and whatnot. So -- but clearly, pre-wave we have a little bit better visibility on yield, on ticket yield. Obviously, on onboard, we just have to factor in whatever we can and come up with a forecast, but we work hard to beat it, and that's what our team is about. But we -- the guidance we've given you, we see the foundation for what we promised, which is over time double-digit earnings growth and continued growth in return on invested capital.

Robin, you are deep in the call this time. Normally, we would have heard from you by now.

I'll make a comment, and I'll let David comment as well. Frankly, as you know, Robin, by now working with us, there are so many unknown things that happen every year. And so we find it prudent to anticipate -- you can't anticipate unknown things, but anticipate that things are going to happen. And that's always in our guidance at this point of the year. If more things happen, that guidance seems to be prudent. If fewer things happen, that guidance seems conservative. And we never know what the future is going to hold and whether it's going to be more less or the same. And that will be my general statement. I'll let David make a comment.

So they exceeded.

Yes.

Yes. It's the balance sheet, yes...

Within a brand, in general, true. And not necessarily clearly on yield, but definitely on earnings for that brand. But across the brand, it depends where the capacity is, if [ you have a ] mix. So we have some brands that have are below our fleet average and yield and some that are above. Greater capacity increases in those that are below is still earnings accretive. It grows our earnings, but it doesn't necessarily allow you to grow as much in yield because it's holding back as you get more capacity and a below average fleet. You can understand the math. So that's only about the [ capacity. ] There's a bunch of other variables, too. Because again, what is included in ticket versus in booking kind of -- is included in ticket versus onboard. And then, if we shifted to more onboard, we have to actually realize that in onboard. And again, we're giving you guidance right now, we're not reporting actuals for 2019, we're giving you guidance. And so all of those factors come into play, but it's not automatic that everything will just [ floss ] up because it's not all even. Certain brands have capacity 1 year, other brands the next year, increased capacity, et cetera.

I want to leave with you at this. I understand why you guys focus so much on yield, but it's one lever to grow earnings. For us, again, we're totally focused on growing the earnings and return on invested capital. And we're managing everything to effect that. And there's timing issues of when capacity comes in, when capital is recorded on and on and on. All that mix of stuff confluence of things can create, at any point in time, a particular number. But what happens over time is what we're focused on. And clearly, we're going to grow earnings on top of a record year that we just experienced. We're going to grow return on invested capital. We've got the double-digit return on invested capital, and we're going to do that in the year. And then we're going be double-digit on average over the near term in earnings and continue to grow return on invested capital. We have a very strong business with very strong demand.

Yes, the practical reality to us if the ship is relevant to our guests and is delivering double-digit return on invested capital and we'll -- as we have to invest more in that ship over time, we'll continue with the ship in the fleet if it's relevant to the guests and it's earning its keep. If it's not, then the ship will be gone. And so in terms of there being a robust secondary market, there's no question the secondary market has opportunity, not only because of eco regulations, but simply because the aging of the ships that are in the secondary markets. Those ships are now -- many of them are getting 40, 45 years old and they're just going to need to rotate out. So there should be a market for a number of the ships, but at the same time, to drive earnings and return on invested capital, if we had a need to scrap a ship and not sell it, we would do that. We don't see that at this point in time, but if it came to that, we have no problems doing it.

But we're not going to hold on to an underperforming asset because we're not able to sell it. I mean, we would scrap it if we had to. I don't anticipate that, but if we had to do it, we would do it.

Things are definitely better than they were, say, a year plus ago. In China, some of that is -- there's has been capacity that's moved out. But a lot of it is, frankly, the distribution system just becoming more familiar with cruise. So we see China, again, as small, very small part of our overall mix today. We see the real opportunity, of course, being our joint venture with CSSC and building a domestic cruise brand there. But there's [ 1s and 2, 3 ] ships in and out. So it's a market that is more important for the development for the future than it is right now. But just in terms of yield environment, the yield environment is certainly better.

Thank you, and happy holidays to you. Look, we're very excited about Ocean, but it's still at the early stages. And so to answer your question directly, yes, we've seen blips here and there, but we want to see consistent delivery and performance over time before we make any hard assessment on revenue and ticket yields. And keep in mind, it's new technology. So maybe you have an Apple phone, I don't know if you ever use your AirDrop feature on it, if you happen to have one, you know a lot of people don't know the AirDrop even exists; if they do, they don't know how to use it and so on, but it's a great feature if you want to just share photos at an event or something. And once people use it, they love it. So similarly for us, with ocean, there so many features, our crew has to get used to it and then, of course, we have to activate with guests and guests have to become familiar with it. We have every indication from guest satisfaction scores, from crew satisfaction scores, that it's definitely elevating the guest experience and the crew experience and now we see potential, but it is new. And so we have to let it play out. We have the full ship now active on Regal Princess. We have 6, 7 other Princess ships ready to go when the time comes. And we're learning and educating and practicing and experiencing, meanwhile the guests are having a great experience with it. But we see potential, but it's a little too early to count the chickens.

Okay. I'll start and I'll let David fill in what the details are. First of all, I just want to emphasize, again, that Europe is strong, and we're talking double-digit capacity increase and number of brands there that are ahead on bookings with less to book even with that capacity increase than they've had even last year. So first comment is, it's strong, that's number one. Number two is that, yes, in general, the average ticket yield there is less than the average for our fleet. And so even with a strong performance, it can pull down when we give you an average number, especially at booking time. Across 9 brands, it can pull down the yield picture, but it is strong. And so I'll let David color in on, but Germany is strong and U.K. is strong. Go ahead, David.

Let me -- first of all, I can't emphasize enough. There is no problem. We're talking double-digit capacity increase, our bookings are ahead of where they were last year. We have less to book even with double-digit capacity increases in some of those brands than we had last year. So there is absolutely no problem. Those brands are going to grow their earnings this year over last year. So we had a growth in earnings. So there really isn't a problem. You're just talking weighting of averages and numbers, but there is not a problem in the market, there's is not soft demand, there's -- none of that's happening.

Well, the fact is, even though they may be below the fleet average, they earn money. And then even if they improve year-to-year, they may not get to the average of the fleet. So you're still not seeing an overall increase in yield as they have more capacity that can pull it down. Now in the end -- by the end of the year, by the time we get there with onboards and everything, your mix may not even have any impact; historically, it doesn't, okay. But we've got unusual capacity increases in some of the brands and so we'll see what happens. But it's not -- there's not a problem. The only reason why you guys feel, I think, some of you might is because you're so focused on the yield number, which is definitely a lever in growing earnings and return on invested capital, but it's not the only lever when you have a portfolio of 9 brands with lots of moving parts. It's not as simple a picture as a simple yield number. And when you try to compare it to other companies, you're comparing apples and oranges. And so the comparison, you'd have to get to a huge amount of detail, which we don't do, we won't provide you details by every brand because it's not how we run the business for obvious reasons. We run the business by brand, but we wouldn't share that, right?

One more question.

Okay. Thank you all very much. First of all, I just want to reiterate that we're marching down the path to double-digit earnings growth and continued growth from return on invested capital. Clearly, on the bookings that we shared with you, given the environment, some of our brands have chosen to put more business on the book earlier to optimize in an uncertain environment. But even with the uncertain environment, we're going to grow earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and we're marching down the path. I want to thank you all very much. I'd like to acknowledge 120,000 colleagues here at Carnival Corporation, again, for delivering on the promise of double-digit return on invested capital this year. And I really want to wish everyone a joyful, safe, and happy holidays. Thank you all very much.