Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
I'm pleased to report that Cadence had a good start to the year, delivering outstanding financial results for the first quarter, with broad-based demand for our innovative solutions driving strong revenue growth, profitability and cash flow. John will provide the details in a moment as well as our updated outlook. 
Generation trends by 5G, hyperscale computing, autonomous driving and industrial IoT continue to propel the need for innovation in compute, memory, networking and storage from the edge to the cloud. With massive amounts of new data being generated every day, AI, ML and data analytics are helping transforming the data through intelligence, providing actionable insights and accelerating digital transformation of several industries. These trends are continuing to drive strong semiconductor demand and design activity across a broad spectrum of end markets. And our intelligent system design strategy ideally positions us to capture these sizing opportunities. 
Now let me talk about the Q1 highlights, starting off with core EDA and IP in the design excellent layer of our IST strategy. We had ongoing strength in aerospace and defense, and we significantly expanded our collaboration with a marquee aerospace defense systems company that included the proliferation of our digital full flow as well as our functional and custom simulation solutions. 
Our digital signoff business had a strong revenue quarter, with multiple market-shaping customers successfully fitting out at 5-nanometer-and-below process nodes using our digital full flow. Increasing design complexity continues driving a circular trend for hardware-assisted certification, and Q1 was a standout quarter for our palladium simulation and protium prototyping platforms. Significant expansions as well as multiple new wins contributed to Q1 being our best hardware revenue quarter ever. 
Additionally, we announced our new Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms, delivering 2x capacity and 1.5x higher performance than our current leading Z1 and X1 systems. These next-generation systems enable the highest throughput hardware debug and pre-silicon software validation of million -- multibillion-gig SoC designs and were endorsed by NVIDIA, AMD and ARM. 
Our IP business also delivered double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. There was strong demand for our high-speed IP by market-shaping customers for their next-generation data center and networking environments as well as continued strength in our memory interface IP business. And silica continued to expand its footprint in true wireless studio and Bluetooth headsets, and our Vision Q6 and hi-fi products proliferated in the ratable and smart speakers end markets. 
It was another exciting quarter for system design and analysis segment, delivering over 30% year-over-year revenue growth. Early this month, we acquired Pointwise, a leader in mesh generation for computational fluid dynamics. The addition of Pointwise technologies and experienced team further broaden our system analysis portfolio, complements our recent acquired NUMECA CFD technology and our organic multiphysics products. 
Pointwise provides highly innovative mesh and grid-generation technology to enable high-fidelity CSD analysis. And these solutions are being used by several marquee customers, especially in the aerospace segment. We want to congratulate our NUMECA team for the role their product played in the design of the Emirates in New Zealand racing boat that won American Cup for New Zealand for the fourth. The winning team used a simulator base on the NUMECA biomarine CFD software for their computation fluid dynamic modeling. And thanks to the unprecedented accuracy and really some of the simulators were about to accurately test new ideas and concepts long before first boat ever touched the water. 
We introduced Sigrity X, our next-generation signal and power integrity solution with endorsements from Samsung, MediaTek and Renesas. This solution leverage new simulation engines and massively cellular architecture to deliver over 10% -- up to 10% performance and capacity gain for system-level simulation of the most demanding hyperscaler, 5G, automotive and aerospace applications. And Qualcomm expanded their usage of our flagship Virtuoso and AWR products for advanced RFIC design and clarity for system analysis. 
Let me conclude with a few comments on some macro-level topics. We continue to monitor the semiconductor supply chain situation, and so far, we are not seeing any slowdown in design activity across our customer base. Next, in regarding evolving state of the COVID-19 pandemic. While some countries are edging towards normalcy, there is a growing concern with the escalating number of cases in certain regions, especially in India. As always, the health and safety of our employees, customers and partners is paramount, and we will continue doing what is in their best interest while working closely with local regulatory agencies. 
Lastly, in the past year that's brought to life many social justice challenges, including a recent of violence against Asian-Americans. I strongly believe that we have an obligation as individuals and as a company to take a stand against racism and further example for inclusiveness and understanding. At Cadence, we are committed to listening with empathy, the inclusive of different points of view and, as a result, ensure that our diversity enhance our experience and our innovative spirit. 
Now I will turn it over to John to go over the Q1 results and present our Q2 and updated 2021 outlook.

Thanks for the question.

Yes. This is Lip-Bu. Let me just have a -- answer that first and then John and Anirudh can add on to it. So first of all, we -- clearly, we have and will continue to comply with all the exports, control regulations, including the military end user and the list that you mentioned. And -- but we -- clearly, we are not going to comment on certain specific companies. But everything we know, we already built into the -- our guidance.

I can start first and then Anirudh can chip in. Now clearly, I think the complexity and the dynamic of the demand is very strong on that 5 generation of base. And so we are excited. We don't see any slowdown on the design. 
In terms of process node migrations, clearly, I'm marching forward down to 5 in production and 3 in design who is engaging right now. But clearly, there's a lot of demand on that. We are very heavily investing in that because every node is a new opportunity for us and we are very excited about it. In terms of the technology and process, maybe Anirudh can update you where we are.

Yes. I think that more manufacturing in U.S. is fairly welcome. And of course, the -- any new foundry or expansion is always good for us in terms of tool and IP enablement. And so we're excited opportunity and then it will increase the design activity and also meet the customer requirement for the advanced nodes and so -- and packaging also. So I think, overall, we think there's a positive development, and we welcome that opportunity to provide service and the design and IP to enable them.

Yes, it's very hard to tell. But I think overall, it should be a net increase because clearly, we are very excited. We have a deep partnership with the TSMC, Samsung of the world. Anything new, they need a lot of more IP in terms of optimizing and also they have their own process and PDK. And then -- so I think overall, from my point of view, I think will be a net increase, and that we're happy to help. 
And at the end of the day, it's the foundry, the EDA and then how to meet our customer requirements and they want to move into a new foundry, they need a lot of different tools and optimization and process and rivalry. And overall, I think will be a net improvement for us.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. 
I'm very excited about the growing market opportunity and the business momentum so far in 2021. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely, as we benefit from the new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. 
I'm very pleased also to share that Fortune and the Great Place to Work have honored us as one of the 2021 100 Best Companies to Work For, which marks Cadence's seventh year in a row being named in this prestigious list. Cadence was recognized as one of the best companies to work for, thanks to our outstanding people-first culture and the history of innovation. 
And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we want to thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during this unprecedented times.