Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence achieved outstanding financial results for the third quarter of 2020. We exceeded our financial outlook on all key metrics as the Cadence team continues to successfully navigate through challenges posed by the pandemic. We also raised our outlook for the year. John will provide more details in a moment.
The data-centric revolution led by AI, data analytics, hyperscale computing continues to fuel strong semiconductor and system design activity, and our Intelligent System Design strategy uniquely positioned us to enable our customers to accelerate their innovation.
Now let us move on to the major highlights for the third quarter. Design excellence is the foundational layer of our strategy and includes our all EDA chip design solutions and IP portfolio. We significantly deepened our partnership with a global marquee customer through a wide-ranging expansion of our EDA software and hardware portfolio. This customer is now accelerating the proliferation of our digital full flow across their design teams.
Momentum continue for our digital signoff solutions with 9 full flow wins and major market-shaping automaker tape out their highly innovative, complex 7-nanometer design using our digital full flow. Our verification suite on price of best-in-class all engines across simulation, formal analysis, simulation and prototyping is particularly well suited to address our customers' founding verification challenges. Hardware had its highest ever revenue quarter with Palladium Z1 and Protium X1 continuing to get new design wins and significant expansions, particularly at AI and hyperscale customers. We introduced Xcelium ML, which use machine learning to improve the regression throughput of our premier logic simulator by up to 5x.
On IP front, the top vertical end markets for our design IPs in this quarter were hyperscale, enterprise and automotive, with a major hyperscaler adopting our PCIe and high-bandwidth memory IP for use in 3-nanometer design. Tensilica have a strong loyalties and wins for true wireless stereo and functional safety applications and was adopted by an automotive company or ADAS. 
In system innovation, I'm very excited by the strong momentum of our new system products, both organically developed as well as those we obtained through the AWR and Integrand acquisitions earlier this year. Earlier this month, we expanded our system analysis portfolio with the addition of the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that delivers up to 10x faster system-level EMI simulation. Clarity and Celsius continue to ramp nicely with broadening adoption, particularly in verticals such as AI, mobile and hyperscale segments. System companies like Teradyne and Rockley Photonics are deploying our Clarity EM simulator for production use.
In the 5G millimeter wave area, integration of our AWR and Integrand acquisitions continue smoothly, and the business is tracking ahead of our internal expectations. In Q3, we added more than 15 new customers in the end markets that included 5G, automotive and aerospace and defense. Cadence has a strong -- has a long, successful history in advanced packaging, which has become a linchpin technology for many system companies, particularly automotive and hyperscalers, to deliver complex system-level chip designs. In Q3, our innovative Allegro technology was used by a market shipping automaker for their wafer-level system packaging needs. 
Now let us turn it over to John to go over the results in more detail and to update our outlook.

Yes. Just to add on to what John mentioned, clearly, hardware and IP are big growth for us. And again, we're complying with all the U.S. export control regulations. And then China semiconductor is still a very strong growth engine.

Yes, it's a good question. And as I mentioned earlier, we're complying with all the export control regulation. And clearly, the situation is very fluid as of last week, and we continue to monitoring closely about this computation and any impact to the EDA. And clearly, we continue to drive global customer success and providing the best tool in IP, but meanwhile, we comply with the regulations. And it's very fluid. We're just monitoring closely, do the best thing and we can.

Yes. I think the -- let me try to answer that. And first of all, we are not able to comment on any speculations on the NVIDIA and ARM and then clearly, they are great company. And ARM is a very important partner for us, for Cadence, and we are well positioned with ARM to serve our common customers. I think clearly time will tell and I'll get approval and so I think that's on the NVIDIA and ARM. And then on the AMD and Xilinx, they are all very good companies and we like them a lot and clearly, over the years, we managed well through consolidations, and we are very proactive engagement with the companies. And then any consolidation, they are all unique respect to the vendor. They are all good company, and I think I cannot go beyond -- comment any beyond that.

Yes. And again, we are supporting the customer and then depend on whether they go with ARM or RISC-V. And -- but clearly, ARM is very well positioned with their ecosystem in place in the software, and we'll continue to work closely with ARM. And then meanwhile, keep a close eye, if the customer wants to have RISC-V, then we will support the customer.

Yes. I think in our system design and analysis is a very important growth engine for us. And clearly, we are excited about the system complexity on the advanced design, like 5G, automotive and HPC application. And so clearly, a system-level analysis is very critical for them. We're delighted with the organically developed and also the AWR, Integrand acquisition that we have. So we have a very nice portfolio that the customer are delighted with us. And then clearly, the 15 new customer -- more than 15 new customer in this quarter for Clarity and Celsius is very exciting for us. And then we also announced the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that show 10x faster system-level EMI, the simulation. So I think all in all, we are excited about the opportunity and we like to be under promise, over deliver. And meanwhile, we do the right -- the marketing at the right time. But so far, I think we take one step at a time and then to support our customers is more important.

Yes. I think Vivek, in terms of longer run, I think I'm quite bullish about the semiconductor and system design. Clearly, the opportunity, and I call it the 5 generation wave, and they're going to increase the design activity. And then meanwhile, we continue to work with the market-shaping customers. We highlight this quarter, we expand and deepen our partnership with the global marquee customer and in the proliferation of our digital flow. So I think all in all, I think we have to take a longer-term view rather than look at quarter-to-quarter.

Yes. As I mentioned in my remarks, clearly, the AI, data analytics and the hyperscale are the good drive engine for Cadence. And clearly, the -- beside the hyperscale in terms of massive infrastructure scaling. And then the other part is some of these industrial automation and also the -- this automotive, some of this we highlight in the ADAS and the system-level requirement. I think those are all bright spot. I mean it's very hard to predict quarter-to-quarter or next year. But I think in the long run, I'm very excited about the opportunity, and we are well positioned for Cadence.

Yes. I think we are very excited about this system design and analysis space. And this is one of the -- if you recall, we have this design excellence as a foundation, and then now we are moving up into this, I call it, the intelligence system. And we are very delighted with the acquisition of AWR and Integrand and then with -- integrating with some of our current tools and make it very compelling to our customer in terms of driving some of the system analysis and the performance EM solver-related area and thermal related in the design. And then meanwhile, we continue to drive some of the organically developed Clarity and Celsius and able to show clearly a differentiating performance. And now we also announced the addition of the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that able to show the performance on the EML, EMI, the system-level simulation. So I think all in all, I think this is a growth engine for us. We're excited, but stay tuned.

Yes. John, do you want to answer?

Yes. Sure. So I think this global marquee customer, we are very excited. This is a wide-ranging expansion of our EDS software and hardware portfolio, and they are accelerating proliferation of our digital full flow across their design team. So this is something -- stay tuned. We are very excited about this partnership, and we are delighted. They are clearly -- our product is really stand out in terms of performance. And then the other part is also clearly demonstrate the trusted relationship we have and also our technology leadership of our key software and hardware solution for their most advanced challenging design.

Yes. I think we mentioned 2 customers, Teradyne and Rockley Photonics, using our Clarity EM simulator. And we also mentioned about, clearly, 5G, automotive and aerospace, we have traction in terms of 15 new customers. As you recall, these are the new organically developed products. So we don't have new -- this product in the past. So this is exciting for us. And we are -- this is just the beginning. And so stay tuned, we will have more.

Yes. So I think let me kick start, and then John can fill in. So we are delighted. We have 9 full flow wins and also this marquee -- global marquee customer proliferation. And the other part, in earlier part of this year, we're talking about the innovative iSpatial that provide a unified placement and physical optimization engine and able to show the 20% improvement PPA and 3x faster throughput. Those are good. And then meanwhile, we are very laser-focused on the market-shaping customers, working with them in the different design group and then also different tool that right now we are pushing more the full flow, and we are very excited with the progress we've made. And stay tuned.

Yes, that's correct. And clearly, the general purpose CPU and GPU will be continue to do well, and you can reflect that in NVIDIA performance. But I think the workload has changed a lot into not just a compute, there's a lot of application domain-specific and then the optimization. So you'll see a different class of processor in the AI, machine learning, in the training influence. And so there's a lot of new suite of development either from start-up or the established company. And also the hyperscale guys, also and really, really drive some of the processes, optimized for their specific application and solution and the service to try to drive. So those are great news for us. That means that we have more design activity and not only for our tool and also our hardware emulation because some of them are really complex design. And then also some of the system analysis because of the system-level know-how we highlight in my remarks. Some of the hyperscale guys also try to drive wafer-level packaging challenges. So I think we are excited about all this opportunity.

Yes. I think consolidation, always, I pay attention to it, and we try to be proactive engagement for the acquirer or being acquired company, and we make sure that we are creating a win-win to continue business. And clearly, on all this consolidation, R&D is the last place they want to cut. So they're going to continue to drive innovation, continue to drive efficiency, and that's why we want to be a great partner for them. And so far, we managed well through consolidation in our customer base that have been taking place. And then each consolidation has their own unique way in terms of respect to vendors. But we are very respecting of what they try to do, and we try to be a great partner, work out a win-win, and we are very proactive with them.

Good -- Jay, thank you so much for the good questions. So a couple of things. So clearly, our core competitor is computation software. And then the Intelligence System Design is something that we believe is the right thing for us, is adjacent to us and also customer need that. So besides just providing the EDA silicon development, and now they were looking at the whole system analysis in terms of EM, the thermal, envelope. And then as you correctly point out, clearly, the application, the domain-specific optimization require. And so those are things that fit in to our computation software really well, and we'd like to gradually expand into that area that is adjacent to us. So in terms of your first question, in terms of R&D methodology, clearly, we are very laser-focused on the -- initially focused on the tool that are really important to our customers and like the Celsius and Clarity, and we clearly have the advantage to be able to show multiple times improvement. Those are important to the customer. And we validate that and we repeat all this data. That means they love it, they like to buy more and then proliferating more.
And so we're going to double down on that. And we are delighted with the addition of the 3D Clarity Transient Solver that shows, again, tremendous improvement to our customer, and they are delighted on that. In terms of the pricing, I think John can talk to you more. We are very disciplined. We want to make sure that we provide the best solution to the customer. We want to price it correctly and then to serve the customer. And so I think in terms of talent, we are very laser-focused on some of the talent that Anirudh, myself and the team are looking for the best talent in that space, clearly, from the R&D and then also the FAE that able to effectively serve your customer. Those are our priorities. And then John, back to you.

Yes. So I think let me try to answer that. We are very excited about the Pegasus solution. It took quite a few years for us to develop, and the engine is really good. And then first of all, we want to make sure that the advanced node and the foundry partners are certified because this is right into the manufacturing side to make sure that the foundry partners certify this is a tool they will support. We are very delighted the key foundry partners are certified in this whole range of certification on the different process node and the most advanced process node. And then now we're also starting to have multiple customers starting to embrace it and then starting to use it. And then stay tuned. I think 2021 will be a very important year for us with all the certification in place for the most advanced node. And then now customers can confidently using that for their production design. So I think stay tuned.

Yes. I think let me try to answer your question. So I think memory is more and more important in this whole data analytics, and you want to be close to the memory and the storage. So this is one of the big area for the hyperscalers and also the whole infrastructure play. So memory is very essential. And so clearly from NANDs to HBM to some of the new memory development. And so clearly, we have a very strong foothold, and then we work with multiple of the memory customer. I think in the past, we highlight some of the memory success we have and not only on the tool and the solution and also in the IP, some of the DDR, PCIe memory, controller and FI, and we are well positioned some of the key IP we have. So I think stay tuned. I mean this is area we have good position. We're going to continue to expand on it.

Yes. So I think first of all, I think it's -- as you correctly point out, for the Clarity and Celsius market we are addressing, the TAM market is about $700 million. And we are just the beginning and some of the big incumbents. I think clearly, first of all, we have to demonstrate the performance is better, make sure that the customer really validate that. One of the key excitement for me is the repeat orders. And when the customer using them and they are starting to come back and buy more, that is a very clear validation of performance is good. They like it. And then now the customer starting to suggest all of the tools that they require to have, and we're working closely with them, and that's why we have the 3D Transient Solver come out. And then stay tuned, we have more exciting things, we are working on internally developing.
And then John and I, we always have a very discipline in terms of investing the R&D. When we see the customer interested and then give us feedback what they want, and then we can really look at ourselves, we can really developing that, have a clear differentiating opportunity. And then plus the 2 acquisitions we made, the AWR and then Integrand, clearly, in the whole 5G and millimeter wave area and the system-level they're starting to like automotive, starting to see that this is a really good value they want to have. And we are delighted to have continue to exceed our internal expectation, that is very encouraging for me.

Yes. I think we mentioned about 15 new customers. Clearly, something that we are very proud of. And clearly, it's an opportunity, and we add on this end market that we go after. And then this is all together and on this whole system analysis.

Yes. I don't think we disclose that. But clearly, we are excited about this opportunity. As we mentioned, this is kind of a early ending. And then we have some encouraging from our customer repeat orders. And then over a period of time, we will build a broader portfolio and so that we have a whole solutions to provide. So we are just in the beginning. So we are excited about the very nice growth area, and we're going to continue to innovate and continue organically develop and through acquisition to build out this opportunity. I think this system design and analysis is something that is part of our Intelligent System Design strategy.

Yes. I think this is a new business for us, and we're always excited to see that all this new opportunity and design wins is new to us and for this category of products. And I think more important, we are excited about the repeat orders from the customer. John, you may want to add on.

Yes. It's a good question. We're monitoring very closely, as I mentioned, on the consolidation. And you are correct, we managed well on all this consolidation. One thing is -- clearly, I mentioned R&D is the last place we will cut. And then usually, like I mentioned earlier, it's 5 generation of waves, and there's so much design activity, we don't see any slowdown. And then some of the talents, when they consolidate, they become somewhere else and then they showed up. And so R&D is -- clearly, the [ EE ] computer science is very badly needed in terms of university. We love to see more because a lot of design activity, and we don't see any slowdown at all.

Yes. John, do you want to answer? I don't think -- go ahead.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I'm very delighted to share that Cadence has been recognized by Fortune and the Great Place to Work institute as one of the world's best workplace for fifth time. This recognition is a result of our global employees' commitment and dedication to innovation, to delighting our customers and to taking care of our community and each other.
And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, we give our heartfelt thanks to those, all of them on the front lines who continue to work tirelessly to fight this pandemic. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.