Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our business update conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release.  
It is hard to believe that it's been just 120 days since we voluntarily paused operations across our global fleet. In that relatively short time, we returned over 260,000 guest homes. We've already repatriated 77,000 crew members and will repatriate over 80,000 in total, hopefully before the month is over. We processed billions of dollars, euros and sterling of guest refunds and billions of future cruise credits in those currencies as well. 
We've moved 53 ships into full pause status, and with the remainder expected to be in a similar position within the next month. We've reached agreements for the disposition of 9 vessels while negotiating the delay in delivery of 16 ships on order. We secured over $10 billion, $10 billion in new capital while working to extend debt maturity and secure covenant waivers with over 20 lenders and over 40 different agreements. We've engaged with medical experts and scientists around the world to inform our development of return-to-cruise protocols. And we are now preparing for the imminent return to cruising in Germany.
So we've come full circle from entering a voluntary pause to planning a staggered resumption. And I couldn't be more proud of how collectively our team has handled this. We looked after our guests, we looked after each other and the more than 700 places we go each year. We've honored what we stand for as a company, and we are well positioned for our existing shareholders to still experience attractive returns over time. We will emerge a leaner, more efficient company. 
So thanks. Thanks to our crew, who continue to exceed guest expectations through challenging circumstances while taking care of each other, taking care of our ships and protecting the environment. Thanks to our shoreside team members for working 24/7 to repatriate first our guests then our crew, all while handling incredible, unprecedented huge volumes of calls and inquiries from guests, ports, vendors, travel professionals and other partners, and while coordinating with the myriad of government authorities and agencies globally, all in the context of a constantly changing and evolving situation. 
Thanks to our travel partners for their support. And thanks to our guests for the countless number of heartfelt outreaches expressing support and concerns for our crew, our shoreside personnel and the brands they love. Thanks to those investors who have expressed their confidence by staying with us. And thanks to those who have expressed their confidence by becoming new investors.  
Look, these are truly unprecedented times for our industry. They are clearly a trying time for all of travel and tourism, and they are extremely challenging times for the world at large. I extend my personal, deepest sympathy to those around the globe who have suffered directly themselves individually or whose loved ones have suffered with the virus. 
For our company, it has been not only challenging, but frankly, at times, it has been painful. We are aware that so many people depend on us for their livelihood and well-being, not only our own employees but those and many other businesses around the world, both small and large. And we've been on a journey since COVID began to manifest, a journey we've aggressively managed throughout. 
Our highest responsibility, our highest responsibility and therefore our top priorities are always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of our guests, the communities we touch and our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shore side.  
We initiated a voluntary pause in operations in the early days of this global pandemic, including being the first to halt sailings here in the U.S., an action that was taken before shelter in place was implemented in the U.S. and before the CDC no-sail order was issued. We recently extended our pause in the U.S. through late September, which, of course, is well beyond the time frame of the current CDC no-sail order expiring July 24. 
Again, our teams worked tirelessly to return over 260,000 guests safely home. And then they focused on repatriating our more than 80,000 shipboard team members to their homes in over 130 different countries. This was a daunting task, given the limited availability of air, the real barrier of closed borders and a fluid, constantly changing context that made planning and even execution extremely challenging. 
In the end, we got the job done through chartering planes, and in many cases, using our own vessels to transport our team safely home. So far, we sailed 50 ships, that's nearly half our fleet, and over 400,000 nautical miles in this repatriation process. We also quickly focused on securing sufficient capital to provide a financial runway to withstand an extended pause. That effort included cash preservation, motivating our guests around deposit retention and the wind down of our fleet. 
Now David and our finance team, with support from our legal team, worked nonstop to secure funding to sustain our path forward in a prolonged cost. We were able to access the capital markets in the early days and, in a meaningful way, initially raising $6.6 billion of capital and doing so at a time when the capital markets were still closed to many. And while it was certainly financially painful for a company that had always managed to an investment-grade credit rating, bearing the cost of the initial raise was prudent to ensure our long term viability.  
Now because of our strong balance sheet, we were able to raise the majority of that $6.6 billion of capital, along with an additional $2.8 billion on a secured basis, minimizing dilution. Historically, as you know, we've managed our strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. 
In the current environment, our national brands have been an additional advantage, supplementing our access to liquidity across a number of countries at attractive rates. Our success in maintaining a strong balance sheet and the strength of the national brands has been a differentiator, providing a softer landing for our company and our shareholders. In fact, our overall blended interest rate is just 5% despite the recent expansion of debt. And we still retain meaningful flexibility going forward to manage further uncertainty.  
Importantly, we have capacity to issue additional debt. Beyond that, we are also evaluating the potential to monetize noncore assets to provide additional liquidity or potentially reduce our debt burden over time. We are confident that we are prepared for a wide range of scenarios for the next 12 months. Additional cash conservation efforts, combined with future liquidity measures, will enable us to sustain ourselves beyond 12 months into late next year, even in a 0 revenue scenario.  
Concerning cash conservation, our workforce reductions, while painful, where necessary to make it through to the other side of the impact of this global pandemic. In the face of no meaningful revenue, we were able to forestall the financial impact on our employees, deferring employee actions beyond the time frame of many others during that period without compromising the interest of our shareholders, honoring our fiscal responsibilities. 
We also, of course, significantly reduced nonessential capital expenditures in excess of $2 billion, and significantly reduced marketing costs as well. And while we continue to expect new ships to provide greater cash generation and higher returns over time once we return to sailing, we have also worked to defer newbuild CapEx given the near term environment. In fact, we expect to reduce ship deliveries through the end of fiscal 2021 from 9, as originally planned, down to 5, 2 this fiscal year and 3 next, deferring over $3 billion of capital expenditures into fiscal 2022 and beyond.  
To reduce our cash burn and to have a more efficient fleet once we do resume cruising, we have aggressively shed less-efficient ships. A total of 13 ships are expected to leave the fleet, representing a nearly 9% reduction in our current capacity. We are also reorganizing the company to emerge stronger, leaner and more efficient. Even when we return to full-scale operations, we don't expect to return to the same staffing requirements as we are addressing our work streams to work in a more efficient manner. At the same time, we are focused on developing new and enhanced protocols. 
Now we've dealt with many types of viruses in the past. Historically, we've had effective protocols in place onboard our ships, including screening measures, medical centers and sanitation procedures, which prevent and reduce the spread once brought on board from land. During this pandemic, we had less than our market share of incidents. Again, we had less than our market share of incidents. However, as is often the case being the largest in the industry, we had a disproportionate amount of media attention. 
Now having said that, as evidenced by the global shutdown, this virus is unique and the world is discovering together how to most effectively address it. We're working diligently to determine what enhancements to our existing protocols will best serve the interest of public health.  
Now our protocols are being informed by global learnings. And to that end, we are engaged with external advisers, which include world-renowned epidemiologists and other medical experts and scientists, utilizing their collective inputs. Once people are gathering again, which is clearly happening on a country-by-country basis, society will determine the risk it is willing to accept going forward. 
And we're working so that our guests will not incur any greater risk versus engaging in similar experiences on land. And of course, we're working to achieve less risk and exposure to similar shoreside activities as we have often achieved in the past with prior health risks, such as, for example, norovirus. But to be clear, we will fail when we -- we will sail when we feel we will honor our commitment to operate in the best interest of guests. 
In that regard, we're in active discussions around the world with appropriate authorities and agencies. In addition to Germany, Italy seems to be closest to resuming cruises at this time. And we're in very active dialogue with them, as well as others, concerning procedures based on the best available science to specifically address the risks associated with COVID-19. 
Upon resuming service, we are well positioned to optimize the latent pent-up demand by our leading brands around the world. Having national brands as a portion of our portfolio at this moment, as I've already mentioned, is clearly an asset. As nations reintroduce social gathering, including cruise, they are most likely, initially, to restrict reactivations to their own residents exclusively. 
With brands like AIDA, that is roughly 95% German sourced; P&O U.K., which is 98% British sourced; Costa Europe, which is nearly 80% Continental European source; P&O Australia, which is more than 99% Australian and New Zealand sourced; and Carnival Cruise Line, which is 92% U.S. sourced, we are very well positioned. Additionally, the fact that these brands are characterized by ready access with drive to markets and a prevalence of shorter duration cruises, strengthens the possibility for success in today's environment.  
Clearly, cruise will not come back all at once. As we are demonstrating with AIDA, we intend to resume operations with a small percentage of the fleet, which inherently will make us less reliant on new-to-cruise in the early days. Now with nearly 2/3 of our guests globally, that's almost 8 million guests, each year repeat cruisers, an active database of nearly 40 million and frequency to repeat amongst cruises every 2-plus years on average, we expect demand to be more than adequate to fill ships in a staggered restart. Again, we expect demand to be more than adequate to fill ships in a staggered restart.  
Our overriding financial objective going forward is to maximize cash generation. At the same time, we're focused on staggering the reintroduction of capacity, which will help to manage yields. Now this is even more relevant since, historically, we've had only 2 levers to pull in the down-cycle, occupancy and rate. In this environment, we will have a third capacity. Capacity will be the third real-time demand lever we can leverage to produce the best short- and long-term outcomes.  
Our long-term projects are especially bright given we've moderated our overall capacity. We shed less-efficient vessels and lowered our overall cost base. We've reduced near-term capacity. And going forward, we introduce newer, far more efficient vessels over time, in line with demand generation. Based on the actions we've taken to date, our fleet will not return to 2020 second quarter capacity levels until 2022 at the earliest and will be inherently more efficient with a roughly 10% larger average berth size and reduced average age.  
In summary, we have appropriately brought down our operating costs by over $7 billion on an annualized basis, and we've reduced capital expenditures by more than $5 billion over the next 18 months. We transitioned the fleet into a prolonged pause, and we rightsized our shoreside operations and we'll continue to do so. We are aggressively shedding assets while actively deferring new ship deliveries. 
We have secured over $10 billion of additional liquidity to withstand another full year in a 0 revenue scenario. We are working aggressively on protocols with Germany set to resume cruising. We will emerge a leaner, more efficient company to optimize cash generation, pay down debt and position us to return to a strong investment-grade credit rating overtime. 
We're working hard to resume guest operations, and we are working hard to ensure when we do resume guest operations, we do so in a way that serves the best interest of public health. In time, we expect to continue to deliver extraordinary vacation experiences to our guests, and over time, strong returns to our shareholders.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line now for questions.

Good morning, Steve, and thanks for your question. What I'm going to do is kind of play quarterback because we're all in different locations, even though we're all on the phone together. And I'll just refer the questions as they come up. So David, you might want to go ahead and address the cash flow.

Well, I'll start, and then I'll let David give more detail on the volume. First of all, we're very encouraged by the booking patterns we see right now. I mean very encouraged. We have not only, obviously, a number of future cruise credits where people had their itineraries canceled, but they chose instead of a cash refund, to book with us again. But we have substantial new bookings and we even have new-to-cruise bookings, which, given the current state of the environment in the world, is really a good testament to how strong a vacation experience and value cruising really is. 
And then even with AIDA, we had 1 day so far as we prepare for an August resumption. And the bookings in that 1 day, we got over 1,000 bookings taking up a significant portion of the first sailing on a very short notice period. So there's a lot of pent-up demand.  
Your referenced to Princess, and particularly Princess, actually at this point in time, is trending with all the other brands in the industry and not disproportionately. So in terms of consumer preference or attitude. And none of the brands in the industry have reached the trough that was reached back in 2012, 2013 when there was a plethora of incidents that made the media with the industry, a number of which were related to voyages in some of our brands. And so none of the brands in the industry, none of ours or others, have gone to the low levels that we experienced at that time. So the trough in this period has been higher than the trough in that period. 
So there's a lot of pent-up demand, a lot of latent demand. That doesn't mean that we don't have work to do. Once we start cruising with much larger volumes of capacity to attract new-to-cruise, of course, we're going to have work to do. But right now, the brands are strong, the bookings are encouraging. And with the staggered start we're going to have to resumption of cruising, there should be plenty of pent-up latent demand with previous cruise course to fill the ships. But David, you might want to add a little additional color.

Go ahead, David.

At this point, the conversations with the CDC have all been around the current pause and the handling of the ships during the pause, which has exclusively crew onboard the ships. We have not actually gotten to the point of serious resumption of cruise discussions with the CDC. But of course, that's coming. 
So in terms of the EU, while there is a EU kind of general thing that's out there, each nation is going to do what it thinks it needs to do. And so there, you have to go country-by-country as well. And that's why, in our case, we not only had to do in Germany, the German authorities, but because the ships -- some of the ships were -- frankly, with Italy, we have to deal with Italy even for the German situation. And so that's just the nature of the business. So we'll have to deal and are dealing with various authorities everywhere. 
And even with the CDC, you have individual communities and individual ports. And the way this is going to work is port cities and destination cities all have to be aligned. That's number one. Number two, they will be informed by or influenced by CDC and other relevant authorities depending where those destination cities are around the world and so on. 
And then it's going to be informed by our own degree of confidence that we're acting in the best interest of public health. And that's why we've engaged a plethora of medical experts and scientists around the world that informed us what we're about to do with AIDA, for example, which we feel very good about the protocols there and that have all been worked out, again, with the ports there and the overall governing authorities in Germany. 
And that's the process. So it's a very involved process. A lot of detail. A lot of different constituencies. But yes, we are in conversations with the CDC as the entire industry. The industry is in conversations with each other, because no one wants to compete on health or safety or environment or anything like that. And we're all working collectively. 
And I think the most important thing, Robin, is the first determinant is society's willingness to gather. So it's social gathering. And so what you're seeing, for example, in Germany, where the community spread has become relatively low on an incident level basis, society is willing to socially gather. And that lays the foundation for us to be able to do things. And there's, with more information about the virus, better understanding of what to do and what not to do. 
And so all of that together makes it possible and with confidence begin to sail again. But we're not quite at that point, obviously, here in the U.S. where there's still surges in different portions of the country in terms of incidents and so on. But we're working on it and -- along with the rest of the industry.

Sure, Robin.

Yes. So first of all, the important aspect of this to focus on is proper social distancing within what the particular country society has determined at this point in time for them is what they are comfortable with, and then the social distancing that occurs in the public venues on the ship. If you're in your cabin, you're naturally socially distanced from the other cabins. So it's actually the public venues, the restaurants, the theaters, the -- et cetera. And there's also a lot of outdoor spaces on our ships, which again requires a slightly different understanding of social distancing than in closed places like certain restaurants. So that's the context and the framework to begin with. 
Given that, we're looking at different ways to manage the flow, which we do all the time on the ships, to ensure that we don't have congregations that would compromise the social distancing requirements at the time or -- and it's not even requirements, it's more preferences. Right now, it's 1.5 meters in Germany, for example, okay? And so that can then drive -- depending on how you plan to manage the flow in the ship, that can drive what you ultimately might do with occupancy. Along with the fact that you want to reserve an area on the ship in the event anyone has COVID or there are cases of COVID, that you can isolate those individuals in a comfortable situation so that you can mitigate any possible spread on the ship. So that -- those are the dynamics involved. 
So then the straight answer to your question is we're going to start slow, of course, because we're starting out. We have to -- our people have to be trained. We have to see how people's behaviors really are. We've got lots of ways to set up the social distancing and so on. So we're going to start with lower occupancy, but then we'll ramp up to higher occupancy as long as what we're doing is proven to be working. And so that's kind of the flow. 
In terms of profitability, we can be less than 50% occupancy and still generate significant positive cash flow. Initially, we'll probably start at less than 50% occupancy as we work out the details and see where the choke points are and so on and so forth and get experience with it. But then we'll ramp up above that level of occupancy, hopefully, in a relatively short period of time, but we'll have to see how it goes. But even at less than 50% occupancy, we can generate, on the ships that AIDA are putting into service right now, substantial positive cash flow.

Go ahead, David.

You bet. We never try to predict regulatory, because you kind of you can't. And so obviously, we are working closely, especially with our JV partners in China, to see when we can start sailing again. But at this point, we don't have a date certain or even probable for that. But like you said, this virus has moved from east to west. And so like you, we're cautiously optimistic that we will, in due time here, be in a position to reintroduce cruising in the Asian market as well.

Go ahead, David.

And we have -- there's so many variables with how quickly we ramp up back, which ships come in, which itineraries are they on, on and on and on. And so there's a gazillion variables there. But what we do know is we're going to be back leaner.

Well, first of all, we don't scrap ships, we recycle them. So the first comment would be, any ships that aren't sold into a market that doesn't directly interfere with our existing markets, which is what we would do, our sales are basically into uses that are different than our uses for the ships in the markets that we're in, then yes, those would go for recycling. David, I don't know if you want to add any additional color. Go ahead.

Yes.

We're primarily talking pre-COVID versus now. But go ahead, David. Yes.

I didn't quite hear the question. David, if you did, please go ahead.

I think the most thing I'm saying there is going down to 5 versus 9 between now and '22, though. But go ahead. You had a follow-on, Jamie. Go ahead.

No, we're not in discussions about canceling ships. We're in discussions with the yards about timing of deliveries and whatnot but not in canceling ships. Again, we're far enough out with what we've talked about already that, hopefully, by then, we're planning to be directionally back at the capacity that we would have available at that point in time, actually being deployed globally. And at that point, again, the new ships are just far more efficient. We would regulate what -- with demand by, again, disposing of less-efficient ships rather than trying to avoid bringing on the new ships. The timing of that is important to us, but we would like to have the new ships.

At the earliest.

And in that theoretical modeling, 25 ships would be at full occupancy. We've got plenty of demand to fill that level of  volume once things are resumed. And so that's not going to be a major issue at that level for certain.

Well, we'll have to see. But again, because of the nature, and as I said in the remarks that we have the third lever of capacity, just the nature of the restart is going to almost be country by country and destination by destination. There's going to be pent-up demand that we will not, as an industry, be able to service in the early going. And so that obviously creates a positive environment for yield with excess demand over the supply available. 
There's a good chance that will persist for some time as the world kind of comes back into, as I said, on the shoreside, social gathering, because that's the critical thing for us to even begin to talk about cruising again, as is the case that's already happened in Germany and looks like it may happen in Italy soon. So with those dynamics, it's a good environment field. And of course, we're going to be paying close attention. 
Obviously, our #1 financial consideration is generating cash and positive cash flow. But we think we have the opportunity with the environment that should exist at the time to -- and the fact that we can direct the capacity and manage the capacity introduction that we can keep it in line with demand, where we have a good yield environment as well. David, any additional color you want to add to that?

Thank you. Okay.

Yes. We're actually not seeing a big differentiation there, except for one general trend, which is longer cruisers. So obviously, world cruises, 21-day cruises, that's a -- that is not booking as well, obviously, as shorter cruises given the environment at the time. Those cruises go to lots of different places, where essentially people will say, well, what's the problem there, am I going to be able to go to all those places given the current situation with community spread, et cetera. And so -- and that's the difference. 
But most of our brands on average were -- for the bulk of the brands, we had about a 45 age median age kind of -- or average age demand, especially Carnival, Costa, AIDA, those brands. And so -- and then even with the others, we haven't seen a booking pattern change between those 65 and older or those under 65, except for the dynamic of the longer cruisers, which appropriately are not booking at the same rate at this point in time. Hopefully, that answers your question.

I think, again, it depends when that happens. But generally speaking, I'd say, within 30 days, we would be able to sail. Again, we -- there's a bunch of dynamics here and there are a lot of other countries involved. So we have -- right now, we're going to minimum manning on the ships in terms of crew, the key for our ongoing costs now. We have to keep the ships operating there in what we call warm layup. We have to keep operating, but it's with a minimum crew. So we have to get crew back. 
Depending on the circumstances and what the protocols are, that could be a shorter or longer period of time if we're quarantining crew for a period of time before they go back on board, which could be the case, et cetera, that requires more time. But I would say a lot of different scenarios within 30 days of knowing when we could cruise, we would be in a position to be prepared to. Just a kind of thumbnail kind of thing.

Okay. I'll let David add some details to it. But just in general, again, we are encouraged by the bookings. But the '21 booking curve has already been impacted with just the circumstances. Obviously, at this point in time this year, if there have been no COVID, we'd be talking about different kinds of booking numbers. But David, you might want to more directly address the question.

All right. Everyone, Robin, you asked early on the question, but all of you, I'd like to invite all of you, July 28. You can go to the following site to register, it's CovidScienceSummit.com, CovidScienceSummit.com. We're producing for the WTTC, that's the World Travel and Tourism Council, a gathering of well-renowned scientists to give the current state of understanding and knowledge about COVID-19, everything from the epidemiology to transmission to detection, prevention, treatment. And practically, given where society is today, what seems to be the best knowledge around how society can effectively manage through the virus. 
So to be -- as you know, this information is constantly changing in terms of knowledge around COVID-19, but it will be at that point in time, some of the best minds in the world sharing their perspective. So you're all welcome to attend. It's free and open to the public, and it's jointly hosted by ourselves at Carnival Corporation and WTTC. 
With that, I thank you for your time today. We really appreciate your interest and the questions. We're very much looking forward to resuming in Germany and eventually everywhere around the world. And again, I couldn't be more proud of our entire team managing through what has been a very challenging time but also a time that we're using to get leaner and stronger and come out even more powerful than we were before. 
So thank you all for your attention. Thank you, operator.