Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. As you know, our company has been closely tied to the Bahamas for many decades and I'd like to extend our deepest concern for those affected by Hurricane Dorian, some of whom are our own employees and business partners. As a native of New Orleans, my family and I lived through a number of hurricanes and I can only imagine the hardships in the wake of this type of storm. Now we've already made meaningful contributions to the rebuilding efforts in the Bahamas, which were matched by the generosity of the Micky and Madeleine Arison Family Foundation. Our ships provided critically important supplies directly to the region very quickly as did our partnership with Tropical Shipping to collect and deliver needed supplies to the National Emergency Management Agency in the Bahamas. In fact, our entire industry has risen up at this time of need for our friends and partners in the Bahamas.
Two of our private destinations in the region, Half Moon Cay and Princess Cays, both very popular destinations for our guests, thankfully sustained minimal damage and were up and running very quickly. Our joint venture, Grand Bahama Shipyard, although in the direct path, is also up and running with Bahamian residents back at work and providing much-needed economic contribution to the recovery of the island. As part of the recovery and rebuilding process, we remain fully committed to our 2 major new developments: our exciting Grand Bahama Island development and a second development on Half Moon Cay. Now we'll continue our support in the coming months and we have no doubt that the spirit of the Bahamian people will overcome and rebuild to be stronger and more resilient than ever.
Now turning to our financial results. We delivered third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.63. That's higher than the midpoint of June guidance by $0.11 per share and $0.27 per share higher than last year's record results. For the full year, we are adjusting the midpoint of our adjusted earnings guidance by $0.05 and narrowing the guidance range from $4.25 to $4.35 to $4.23 to $4.27, primarily due to an $0.08 drag from fuel and currency. Lower unit costs, driven largely by our ongoing efforts to leverage our scale, more than offset voyage disruptions, which in part contributed to lower revenue yields than anticipated in our prior fourth quarter guidance. David will take you through our guidance in greater detail.
Now I'd like to thank our 150,000 employees who go above and beyond every day as well as thousands of travel professionals who support our world-leading cruise brands. It was their efforts that enabled us to overcome an unusually high level of headwinds from economic malaise in some key countries in Europe, including heightened uncertainty around Brexit as well as the aforementioned voyage disruptions, resulting from shipyard delivery delays, hurricanes and rising geopolitical tensions, which necessitated close-in deployment changes in our high yielding destinations like Cuba and the Arabian Gulf.
As we discussed last quarter, our EA segment, sourcing primarily U.K. and European guests and representing roughly 38% of our capacity, has continued to face heightened geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds, which impacted our operating performance this year. Our Continental European team performed very well, especially given the environment and our growth in these markets has continued to outpace general travel. However, growing into the contracting travel markets does impact ticket prices. In light of the further deterioration in an already challenging economic environment in Continental Europe, heightened political uncertainty across the eurozone and reduced consumer confidence, we've been evaluating further opportunities to optimize future operating performance at Costa. We're deep into our evaluation and have already implemented an action plan to accelerate demand and right-size capacity, sourced from southern Europe by removing 2 ships from the Costa Europe fleet in fiscal 2020, followed by the Costa Mediterranea as previously disclosed, leaving the fleet in May of 2021. The capacity of these 3 smaller ships will be offset by the delivery of the extremely efficient 5,200-berth Costa Smeralda. Smeralda is the first new ship delivered for Costa in Europe in 5 years since Costa Diadema, which is still among the highest returning vessels in our entire fleet.
In addition, the new Costa Firenze will head straight to China in September 2020. Combination of other moves will result in 2 Costa ships leaving the Far East base fleet by the end of 2020, including the previously disclosed Costa Atlantica. Also the planned and intentional rotation in the Costa fleet with the removal of these 5 smaller ships along with the addition of larger, more efficient ships by Costa Smeralda should provide the foundation to continue to improve the return profile of the Costa brand. This is an acceleration of our long-term strategy for Costa and will deliver reduction in capacity growth in southern Europe for 2021.
In addition, we have taken actions on itinerary planning to optimize the current demand environment in southern Europe by reducing exotic itineraries along with their accompanying low-yielding repositioning cruises, replacing them with more convenient and affordable cruises closer to home and eliminating the costly air component. At the same time, this itinerary optimization provides further efficiencies by streamlining operating costs.
Concerning Germany, as we indicated in June, land-based tour operator travel demand has trended down significantly this past year. While AIDA has grown double digits, but was unable to hold price in that environment. As we now know we were not alone in that experience, recently disclosed economic trends in Germany experienced a meaningful deceleration over that same time period.
Despite the current headwinds, our AIDA brand has outperformed the German travel and cruise market and is among the highest returning brands in our portfolio with continued double-digit growth in operating income. AIDA is entering a period of slower cruise industry supply growth in Germany beginning in the second quarter, which should naturally foster to improve supply-demand balance in 2020.
Turning to the U.K. It was unfortunate to see the recent news on Thomas Cook. We extend our deepest concern for those impacted employees and travelers, and of course, we will protect all our guests who are booked on P&O or Cunard. Despite ongoing uncertainty around Brexit over the past fiscal year, our U.K. brands have grown revenue yields and profits in 2019. As you would expect, we have seen greater volatility in bookings due to tensions between the U.K. and Iran necessitating the withdrawal of high-yielding Arabian Gulf voyages very close-in as well as the no-deal Brexit headlines and the resulting negative impact on consumer confidence. Having said that, U.K. consumers have consistently proven to value their holidays through cycles and we are well positioned to capture our share of holiday spend given the greater certainty provided by our pound sterling denominated vacations. We believe our U.K. business is well positioned going into 2020, with bookings well ahead of the prior year. And that's with both our existing fleet and for Iona, the first new ship for our U.K. brand in 5 years and the largest ever purpose-built ship for the U.K., which will be delivered just before the peak summer season.
Now as we expected, Iona is booking at significant premium to our other U.K. ships on a comparable basis. We remain confident we will continue to outperform the overall travel market despite the ongoing challenges in the U.K. and in Continental Europe. We build 30-year assets and take decisions many years in advance fully aware that we cannot time the economic cycle that we deliver them into. Accordingly, we assume every ship will see more than 1 recession in its 30-year life. As we're demonstrating in southern Europe, if we find these headwinds to be more than temporary in nature, we can and will make the changes necessary to grow profitably. As we've shown in the past, we believe our cruise brands will continue to be recession resilient given the low penetration levels of cruise, attractive value proposition and high satisfaction levels relative to land-based vacation alternatives.
In North America, demand for our brands in the core Caribbean product remains particularly strong and that's despite the disruption caused by the suddenness of the U.S. government's policy change for travel to Cuba. Also, we are beginning to see a lift in ticket price from our MedallionClass as we ramp up our marketing efforts in that trade and as we continue to expand Medallion throughout the Princess fleet. While demand for travel to Alaska is certainly healthy, we believe there is a temporary overconcentration of supply in 2019, considering the 15% industry-wide capacity increase. Nonetheless, Alaska remains a high-yielding market for us. With the 2019 season coming to a close, we're already working to create demand for our brands to meet the more than 8% capacity increase expected in 2020.
Our brands offer the best way to see Alaska, particularly when paired with our land-based products. We have 5 brands serving the contemporary, premium and luxury segments through 18 ships ranging in size from 450 berths to 3,600 berths. We have the largest share of the cruise capacity in Alaska and even larger share of the premium land-based cruise to our product, primarily through Princess and HAL, who have long been leaders in Alaska. We're unique in our position in Alaska as we own and operate a combined land and cruise experience. We own 10 lodges. Our 3 largest were purpose built to combine with our cruise products and offer our guests the best and broadest experience at Denali National Park. We have an exclusive rail service with a fleet of 20 dome cars that scenically and seamlessly transfer our guests between the ships and our lodge network. We have more weekend cruise departures, including more round trip options from Seattle, Vancouver, Los Angeles and San Francisco. We offer more days in port and more opportunity to see glaciers as well as other unique highly sought after cruise tour programs to more remote locations, including Canadian Yukon tours and Tundra tours.
Princess is #1 in taking more guests to Alaska than any other cruise line and Holland America Line just won the Cruise Critic -- Cruisers' Choice Award for the best in Alaska as awarded by consumers. Holland America Line will step up the guest experience even further in Alaska beginning in summer 2020 with Koningsdam, one of its newest ships. In fact, our cruise portfolio coupled with our land-based footprint provides an unrivaled strategic advantage in Alaska and we are ramping up our marketing effort to leverage that and to step up our communication with the trade and consumers to drive greater awareness around Holland America and Princess as the best ways to experience Alaska.
On the cost side, we remain focused on driving savings through our ongoing efforts to leverage our industry-leading scale. We're ahead of plan and now expect to deliver $115 million, better than the $75 million originally projected and bringing the cumulative total to $470 million. As always, if we see an opportunity to drive demand and generate a return, we will invest.
On the leadership front, we are excited to announce that Peter Anderson has joined us as Head of Ethics and Compliance. That's a new role that is bringing together functions and people that were previously distributed across the corporation and complementing that with new talents, roles and processes to help take us to best-in-class and broad-based compliance. Peter, whose background is a former federal prosecutor along with a wide breadth of experience, including as a court-appointed monitor will report directly to me.
Also, on the sustainability front, AIDAperla will be fitted with the first lithium-ion battery storage system ever deployed on a cruise ship to power the cruise ship's propulsion and operation for limited periods of time. This will complement other industry-leading technology we've already deployed to reduce emissions, including cold ironing and the use of LNG. In fact, AIDAnova, the first ship in the cruise industry to be solely powered by LNG, was recently named the first ever cruise ship to be awarded the Blue Angel Certification by Germany's Federal Ministry for the Environment for its environmentally-friendly ship design. These efforts are all part of our ongoing industry leadership to proactively develop innovative solutions for environmentally-friendly operations.
We pioneered the use of advanced air quality systems to reduce emissions and we have an additional 10 next-generation LNG cruise ships on order. As you are fully aware, we are truly a global company with nearly 50% of our guests sourced outside of the U.S. We have a leading presence in every established market for cruise travel with over 6 million cruise guests annually sourced outside the U.S. The global aspect of our business has produced our industry-leading position with over $5 billion of annual cash from operations, attractive returns on capital and the strongest balance sheet in our industry.
Being global has proven to be a positive. However, we are subject to uneven economies around the world in the short run. We've taken a number of steps to drive results going forward and our deepened analysis considering additional actions to mitigate any ongoing headwinds. Now we're positioning ourselves for 2020 and beyond and will provide further guidance for next year in December. Over time, we continue to expect to achieve the double digit return on invested capital that we believe our business is inherently capable of delivering. Should some of these headwinds prove to be more than short term in nature, as we have always said, we can and will bring capacity more in line with demand if it makes economic sense to do so. And we've already begun to do so in southern Europe as I shared in these comments.
With that, I'll turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.

Thank you. It's way too early to give guidance for 2020. There's a lot of noise out there and we'll be well prepared to give guidance on the next call. So that would be my answer concerning the guidance. And we're going to work hard, obviously, to deliver in the fourth quarter with all the things that happened, all the noise out there. We're within striking distance of previous guidance for the full year.

We'll look at it brand by brand, trade by trade, which is what we always do. I think, again, we haven't given guidance for the next year. We've had a lot of strength where we have had capacity increase, for example, in Germany with our AIDA brand where we had substantial capacity increase there. And obviously, with all the things going on, there's some pressure on yields in different places, but we'll monitor for overtime. We introduce, we plan ahead on capacity, the ships we have were planned some years ago. We can't always time them perfectly with economic cycles within a given country or even trade, but the assets are mobile and we build 30-year assets. We know that those 30-year assets have individually faced various recessions over that 30-year period of time. But overall, we're building capacity and managing capacity to produce results over time.

And the capacity moves we make are material for within the trade and the brands that we make.

Just to reemphasize what David is saying, we did have Dorian the hurricane, we had the Arabian Gulf, we had ship delays Smeralda now, that's going to impact us on the top line with liquidated damages. Cash flow wise, we're going to be good with that, but there is other ramifications of that in terms of future cruise credits and short-term impacts. You've got the no-deal Brexit situation, obviously. The environment in the U.K. for tourists not as positive as it was. There's a clear change in Germany where the travel market is down. We've outperformed in Germany versus -- the travel market, land versus cruise, but nonetheless, this is a constrained environment. Persistent economic malaise in the rest of the Continental Europe, just had a fuel price spike and then future cruise credits from Cuba and Vista so all of those things and then on top of that a tougher comparison in the fourth quarter versus Cuba although the Caribbean is very strong. Cuba pricing last year in the fourth quarter is not available to us in this fourth quarter. So all those things paint a picture with a lot of noise in it. And with all of that, the results had us within striking distance of the guidance we gave in June on our earnings basis, and we're preparing to take on the headwinds next year and be positioned well.

I think there's no question the macro environment constrains the ability to grow capacity and grow yields at the same time, there's a constraint on that. And then you've got the geopolitical things where again, we had -- it's not just a matter of planning, it's a matter of these sudden changes. So when you have Oriana having to suddenly change an itinerary that was well booked and then change to a different itinerary that you now have to book with a much shorter booking window and the similar kind of situation would happen in some instances with Cuba and with the hurricanes, those dynamics create a lot of noise. Now, we always plan for some things to go wrong. This year, we've had kind of a plethora of things that has overwhelmed even our planning and it's just that we're dancing with. But longer-term, Europe is a strong market, it's true. In the short term, we over index. I guess we have 3x the number of guests, say, that Royal would have. Ex-U.S., we have 10x normally that NCL will have ex-U.S. So anything that's not going well there, we get more impacted. But the reality is, on the longer-term, it served us well. And we have the strongest balance sheet with the largest of scale and we have great returns overall.

No, no. That -- first of all, the only comment is, we're investing to create the demand given the fact, we have a 7% capacity increase coming in next year. And we're going to pre-invest, of course, in wave season to make sure we're doing everything we can to create the demand environment we need to be successful in that. That's the overarching term and it's not promotional like discounting and so on. But -- go ahead, David.

The shifts that we were talking about in the Costa, I'm assuming that's what you're referring to, different places, some are being sent to China, some are being sent to other markets where we have strength and...

And some are leaving the fleet, some are being sold.

First of all, our brands do not have tarnished images. The brands are strong and they're doing really well. We don't sail people on old, tired ships. The ships have to resonate with the guests. And so any ship we have, you could say they're maybe 100-year old hotel, but it could still be a pristine hotel with great service and so on and so forth. So that's the first thing. Second thing is in terms of disposing our ships, when we sell them, we don't sell them into competing markets. So we're not selling ships into markets where we're going to be competing directly with it. So that capacity is not only leaving our fleet, it's, generally speaking, leaving the market that we're operating in. And when I say market, I mean the type of cruise that we do and the type of travel experience that we're marketing. So those will be the 2 comments. But again, if we get to the point where we feel there's a need to, we're not afraid to scrap a ship or if there's not a market that's outside of our market to sell it to. At this point, again, we feel pretty confident that we are on the right path. We obviously are examining very closely every segment and every trade to see if there is additional moves we need to make. We saw a persistence of economic malaise in Continental Europe, especially southern Europe and persistence over time. Costa has been improving its performance over time and kudos to our team there because they've done a very good job this past year and with all the other dynamics going on right now, we felt it was smart to replace some of the capacity we currently have with much more efficient capacity, which is Costa Smeralda and so as opposed to adding net capacity, we'll be replacing capacity with much more efficient capacity and that will give us some help both from an operating expense standpoint, but also moderating capacity for the next period of time here so we can continue to improve the performance of Costa.

Overall -- oh, I'm sorry, go ahead.

Yes, I was just going to say, overall, again, the Caribbean is very strong. And overall, we have increase in yields for the year in NAA brands. It's, I guess, in the forecast is down slightly from what it was, but we have increase in yields in NAA brands overall for the year.

It's a combination of things. So yes, we knew about them. But you have future cruise credits and when those get claimed or not claimed, et cetera. And then just because of the suddenness of them, it changes rebooking and booking curves and it creates noise. And so, there is a lot of noise there. But again, since you're talking Cuba and you're talking Vista, I do want to point out that the Caribbean is very strong.

Yes. We're not giving guidance. We've talked about the booking trends already for the first half of 2020, but I would say it relates more to the comments about the last 6 months of booking trends where you have all this noise in there that -- and we're sorting all that out to see exactly where we are, but the booking trends we shared for the first half of next year, we're ahead and in line on prices.

It's early, but clearly, less capacity growth creates additional opportunity, but mainly for us, we're investing, as I mentioned in my comments, to make certain that the true advantage we have in Alaska with our strong brands is effectively communicated and recognized. But our brands are doing really well. It's a high return market for us. It's a high-yielding market. Back at the -- 5 years ago, there was temporary overconcentration of supply in the Caribbean, similar kind of capacity increased and things went south on yield for a bit, but today, the Caribbean is very strong, well above the peak pricing, previous peak, well above that base 5 years ago with substantially more capacity in it. And we think over time, Alaska will probably play out the same way.

Yes, if we knew a week of forecast, fuel prices would be in pretty good shape. But the reality is that it can improve, it can get worse.

Okay. So I'll start and then David and Beth may have some comments as well. First of all, let's start with your last one first, which is Germany. Again, I want to give our team kudos because they've totally outperformed the travel industry in Germany and they've outperformed the rest of the cruise industry in Germany. But clearly, there's been a change in consumer sentiment and overall the travel market has declined in the face of substantial capacity increase that we have this year. Looking forward to next year, there's less capacity growth for us and for the industry. So that bodes well. Germany was able to grow their earnings this year even with the noise and the background and so on. And so I think our team is well positioned to try to drive results next year and we have to see how deep and extensive, whatever the malaise is in Germany, but we'll persist to see how it would affect us, but there's definitely opportunity in Germany. The rest of Europe is, as we said, we made the modifications that will impact later in '20 for the Costa brand, but the U.K. has -- did have some short-term disruptions recently with the Arabian Gulf situation. The geopolitical tension caused us to change itineraries and shorten the list of ships, I've already talked about, that has an impact on these reported numbers that we're summarizing in bookings over the last 3 months and so on and so forth. And there's also future cruise credits involved and what have you. But overall, the U.K. market is strong and as I mentioned on the call, the U.K. consumer tends to still have a good healthy appetite for holiday and vacation and cruise even when things go not as well there from an economy standpoint as you might like. Also we do have the benefit with P&O and that's one of the advantageous of having a national brands, that it is pound-sterling based. And so it can avoid a lot of the currency fluctuation things that can impact choice of travel that other offerings might have. And if you move into North America, again, the Caribbean is very strong. Carnival brand continues to perform really well, but they've performed even better without the noise, absolutely, but the reality is strong. And North America is going into next year. We're going to study very closely to see what's happening overall. You see some general softness from a lot of this noise and geopolitical noise and other things are even happening today, but it's far too early to predict and give guidance on that.

We don't have any predictions around the ramifications. It's kind of a sad day because obviously a lot of employees have been impacted and a number of travelers are being impacted as we said in my comments, that we're protecting all of those that were booked on P&O or Cunard and people will still travel in U.K. and they'll find a way to do that, and does it -- in the end bode even better for cruise versus not or for us versus others that at this point, I don't have a comment on.

I think from ability to book, yes, we're in a healthy situation and we'll be able to adapt to the change and be able to continue to perform, and our U.K. brands are performing.

Yes. Real quick about that. I'd like to just point out that onboard both NAA and EA, both segments once again is up this year over last year. And I think there's only been 1 year in the 47, 48 years we've existed that onboard revenues haven't increased and they're up again. So that's the overarching comment on onboard revenues, but I'll let David answer your specific question about the modifier and the guidance.

And to be candid with you, we can't really forecast on our revenues. So we'll see what happens in the  [ TAM ] so working to drive onboard revenue.

Providing that level of detail we'll probably be going past the line we don't want to go in terms of revealing versus competitive stuff. But bottom line is, we use the word term advertising broadly. It's a combination of efforts to create demand. And there's obviously some obvious markets that you would anticipate that going into. So I'll let you just anticipate those.

Yes, I'll talk about the shipyard real quickly, our joint venture there. The shipyard, we're finalizing reviews of exactly what we want to do in terms of the dock that was damaged. That decision will be made relatively shortly. That decision is being made in mind with all of the partners desirous to ensure that we have the most cost-effective dry dock available for those that are coming up to be scheduled. So we're in the middle of finalizing all that with the partners. Hasn't yet been finalized, but it's being finalized in the context of making certain that we are cost-effective in the repair or new build, whichever way we go in and then ultimately, servicing the needs of the various partners in the yard.

I think the press release refers to the segment and it's the way we define the segment, we say Europe and Asia. And if you look at the business in Asia, it's been very strong this year. We're up overall. And so we've had a very good year in Asia both in China and in Japan. And so Asia for us has been a good business this year. So we have not seen weakness in Asia this year.

One last question.

Again, we won't give guidance on cost. What I can tell you is, historically, we've set the target $75 million to $80 million just from sourcing improvements. And this year I think as I've reported will be well north of $100 million, like it's $115 million of savings this year. How much of that we put to the bottom line and how much we choose to reinvest to create demand, that's part of our internal planning process, which we'll be wrapping up here in a few weeks. And so, as we look ahead, we see continued opportunity for sourcing savings across multiple fronts and we'll be advising what that will be as we look ahead. But obviously, as you saw that happen this past quarter, we do have flexibility outside of things that are demand-specific to make changes we need to. Part of what we're doing also though is in the case of Costa with Costa Smeralda is putting just much more efficient hardware in, so now maybe you moderate the capacity by taking out the other ships. But we're actually improving the operating base because this is just a lower in effect net cruise cost operating vessel. So those are the things we're doing and we'll continue across the base. I'll have David make a comment.

Okay. Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate it, and look forward to following up with you guys in the coming weeks. Thank you very much.