Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report that Cadence achieved excellent operating results for 2018, delivering 10% year-over-year revenue growth and 30% non-GAAP operating margin with broad-based strength across our product lines.
While the overall macro environment remain mixed, we remain confident in the technology trends, including AI, machine learning, cloud data center and 5G that continue to drive strong design activity.
Our System Design Enablement strategy is to continue growing our core EDA and IP business; broaden our reach in system companies and targeted verticals; and importantly, expand into newer adjacent areas. I'm delighted to report that we have continued to make significant progress in all these areas. 
We achieved strong growth across our product lines in our core business, which included a breakthrough, wide ranging win with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company.
In Q4, we expanded our relationship with Samsung through their broader adoption of our digital, custom and verification products. 
We expanded our long-term partnership with Analog Devices for their development of mixed-signal solutions for IoT, automotive, medical and industrial applications, including the adoption of several of our new digital and verification products.
We made good progress in vertical segments such as the data center cloud, automotive, and particularly, in aerospace and defense. We have won business with some of the top companies in this space, including GE Aviation and BAE Systems, and we finished the year with major core EDA and IP contract with a major aerospace and defense contractor.
Earlier in the year, we won a significant research contract with DARPA and have made very good progress developing advanced machine learning technologies to enhance automations and productivity.
And as we look at expanding beyond EDA, I'm very excited about our new strategic partnership with the Green Hills Software. Cadence invested about $150 million in Green Hills, representing our ownership interest of approximately 16%.
Our investment is important because safety and security are some of the greatest concerns in the increasingly hyperconnected world, especially in the critical industries such as aerospace and defense, automotive and medical.
Green Hills is the leading player in the embedded safety and security software space, with its INTEGRITY-178B real-time operating system having been certified to EAL6+, the highest Common Criteria security level achieved for an operating system.
Green Hills products are broadly deployed across multiple application domains, particularly in aerospace and defense, with customers include Boeing and Lockheed Martin, and in automotive, with many top OEM and Tier 1 customers, including Toyota and Ford. 
We expect to leverage the strength of both companies to drive embedded system security and safety, open up new market opportunities and accelerate growth for both companies.
I will now review other highlights for Q4 and 2018, beginning with Functional Verification, which remains the fastest growing challenge for our customers. 
Cadence Verification Suite had a good 2018 with revenue growth in the high teens, led by strong demand for Palladium Z1. Palladium Z1 won 22 new customers during the year, with significant expansions at several existing customers. And Protium, our FPGA prototyping solution, also grew steadily.
Growing adoptions of our Xcelium simulator was highlighted by several market-shaping customers, expanding their commitment to our technology during the year.
The IP outsourcing trend continued, and strong execution of our refined IP strategy delivered double-digit growth for our IP business in 2018. 
Tensilica had a good year with strong royalty growth, and we maintained our lead in audio applications, with growing adoption in vision and key wins in automotive, surveillance and augmented reality applications.
We have engaged with several customers for our new Tensilica DNA 100 Processor, which is ideal for embedded inferencing applications, and will be generally available to customers in the first half of the year.
For the cloud/data center market, earlier in the year, we announced the first DDR5 test chip. And in Q4, we began selling our new 112-gig long reach SerDes IP in 7-nanometer technology.
On Digital and Signoff, we are particularly pleased with the growing proliferation of our solutions at the most advanced nodes, with market-shaping customers.
We grew our relationship with MediaTek to include the full digital flow from synthesis through signoff. Customers taped out more than 80 7-nanometer designs in 2018 using our digital solutions, and we had 23 full flow wins.
We are actively engaged with very early adopter customers on their 5-nanometer designs, and we delivered 2 3-nanometer test chips in 2018. 
On the Custom/Analog front, we have growing adoptions of both our Virtuoso RF and photonic solutions. And one of the very last remaining large customers that was not using our flagship Virtuoso layout solution, committed to adopting it.
Last June, we introduced Cadence Cloud in collaboration with major cloud industry players Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. We are pleased with the adoption momentum as we continue to lead the industry transition to the cloud.
Now before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. Continued execution of our System Design Enablement strategy led to a broad strength across our product lines, and particularly in aerospace and defense vertical. I'm very excited about our new strategic partnership with Green Hills Software, the leader in embedded safety and security software. And it was a good year for our Verification Suite products and as well as our IP business.
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our outlook.

Yes. Thanks, John, for the questions. And clearly, we have less volatility because we are very focused on the design front-end of the development. And even though the environment kind of mixed, but we remain confident that some of these AI, machine learning, cloud, data center, 5G, autonomous driving, they are driving a very strong design activity, and especially we are very focused on the market-shaping customer and then also the SDE strategy that we put in place that provide not only the opportunity into the system and the vertical markets that we serve and then open up a tremendous opportunity for us so that we can drive better success in engaging with our deep learning customer. And in terms of the end market impact, clearly, Asia Pacific is a very good opportunity and good growth for us. We can continue to benefit that. And then -- so some of these challenges that we see, we are much more in the design front-end, so we don't see some of these manufacturing impacts some other company will have.

Yes. So let me get started first. Clearly, the Functional Verification is very challenging for our customers, as I mentioned. And then we are really providing the Cadence Verification Suite, and that's providing a very nice platform for our customer providing the whole Verification Suite, not just the hardware and also the Xcelium, the Jasper, the VIP. So the whole package turns out to be very compelling for our customer. And on the hardware side, we have a great 2018 and we won 22 new customers. The demand is very strong from our existing customer to increase their capacity. And for the advanced node design, customers just love that scale, and more predictable and find the bat earlier. And that's critical for their design.

Yes. So I think that, Rich, it's a good question. AI/machine learning is very dear to my heart because I think we are moving into this data-driven economy and its very broad application to medical, to the data center, to the intelligent and energy management and across all the vertical, and so the impact is significant. And we're addressing not just for the start-ups. I think start-up, I think you saw some of them raise a lot of money, the Graphcore, Habana Labs and many others. And so I think they continue to do well. We haven't seen any shakeout yet and then the -- because the application market is so big. And on the other hand, some of the very big company there in the hyperscale player and also some of the system player, they are deploying massively into the AI/machine learning R&D development. We are delighted to support them with our tool and IP. And clearly, we have a lot to offer. Beside our tool, EDA tool, we actually apply the AI/machine learning into our tool. We see significant improvement on that and customer love it and encouraging us continue to [ put down ] on it. And then the other part is clearly our Tensilica, they turn out to be very, very important for the embedded inference applications and also for the augmented reality applications. So the DNA 100 have been very well received. We are excited about it. So I think, overall, stay tuned. I think this AI/machine learning impact is going to be a new compute not only the training, and also the inference side.

Yes, so, I think, clearly, we are excited in aerospace and defense space -- area. This is a vertical that we have targeted. And we don't have to break down in term of the market potential, but you can see that there's a lot of activity, especially in the AI machine learning development. That's why we are excited about our contract with DARPA, and also we have a couple of very significant customer that are working with us, and we mentioned a couple of them that we are successful. And also we signed a very big major aerospace and defense contractor with a full significant EDA and IP contract. So I think, overall, we're excited about this vertical. We kind of focus on 3 verticals: car data center, automotive and aerospace and defense. And so this is the one that we have a very good 2018.

Yes, Tom, I think, first of all, this is not an acquisition, and this is a strategic investment that we're making of $150 million investment for 16% of the company and I will join the board. And I think this is something that we are very excited. First of all, it tie in very well with our system design enablement strategy. And that we -- now we're trying to expand beyond our core business, this embedded software is the nearest adjacency, and this is a next level up to the system stack being close tied to the underwriting hardware, and then this is exploring the new opportunity for us that's above $3 billion estimate, $3 billion embedded system safety and security. And then with this hyperconnected world, the safety and security become a critical challenge for many of the industry, especially the critical industry like the aerospace, automotive, industrial and medical. They are very well positioned, as I mentioned in my script, that they have been certified at the highest EAL6+ security level, and so we are very excited. This will open up a lot of door for us in terms of combining the Green Hills and Cadence expertise, and thus providing that very unique differentiating value to our customer and shareholders.

Yes, thanks so much, Jay, for the 2 very important questions. So first question you have about the semiconductor to the system company and even service provider, the differences of supporting them. Clearly, they are all demanding customer. We love them. And in terms of system companies, there are some differences. They are looking at the total performance power envelope and a system modeling requirement. And we are very well positioned for providing that. Beside EDA tool, we also have packaging, PC board layout and system modeling and system simulation. That is very, very compelling for them to come to us. And the other part, that we also understanding Dell requirement better in terms of how to serve them and support them. And then -- and they are very much -- time-to-market is more important to them. And we are able to meet their schedule, meet their timetable and then deliver the product from the system now what they are more comprehensive and that they are satisfying the requirement, that is critically important to them. And then also, as you can tell, many of our service provider, they're also building up their silicone and subsystem ASIC model to meet their requirement. And we're excited about doing that. So I think, overall, and with both semiconductor and systems side, we are doing very well. The semiconductor side, I highlight couple of them. Samsung, clearly broader adoptions of our tool. MediaTek, adopting our full digital flow from synthesis to signoff. And of course, we are very, very excited about our marquee semiconductor U.S. company, and that explain to you why we have increased the recs for the AE because the demand requirement to support this iconic, game-changing opportunity for us, we have to support them. And in a very timely fashion, we have to meet their requirement on performance and scalability. And that's why we're increasing our AE support that we need to drive the success here.

Yes, so I think it's a good question. And clearly, we mentioned earlier the hardware emulation and Protium also steadily are increasing adoptions. We're very pleased with that. In terms of the digital flow, clearly, I think you point out our Innovus place and route is very successful. Very many leading market-shaping customer are adopting them. And then we're also excited about -- like, for example, MediaTek from Synthesis Genus all the way to Tempus, and also same thing with Samsung, broader adoption for our full digital flow and that we are excited about. So I think we kind of want to be the best of tool in every category and beside the place and route and sometimes it takes time to the maturity, and now our Synthesis Genus starting to take off. And now our signoff starting to take off because this is very critical in terms of production, signoff is very critical. It took a little bit longer time. Finally, I think we've turned the corner. We have 23 full flow win for 2018, stay tuned. We are working very hard on 2019. We have more exciting to share with you as the time go by.

Yes. I think, as I mentioned earlier, both are doing very well for us. The semiconductor side, as you can tell, over time, we will share with you some of the marquee and market-shaping customer. They are the leader in their sector and we are winning and we are broadly proliferating in the most advanced note. And clearly, because of the performance, the scalability, the PPA and run time, and they are very happy to see the performance we have using the parallelism and also using our AI machine learning approach and now moving to the cloud. And that they can see significant improvement in the scalability they look for. On the system and service provider, we are very excited. We have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we are engaging heavily and stay tuned. From time-to-time, we will highlight our success. Stay tuned.

Yes. We mentioned earlier, last June in that deck, this is the largest industry conference and exhibition. And we launched our Cadence Cloud with 3 major leaders: Amazon, Microsoft and Google. We are excited about that partnership and collaboration. We have adoption momentum, we are very pleased with that. And clearly, we're taking the lead in terms of industry transition to the cloud. And it's not just for the sake of cloud, it's really focused on driving the performance and the productivity for our customers. And we work very close with our customers, with the selected cloud enablers, and so that we are providing and really focused on driving the performance and productivity of our customer and provide them the security that they can scale within their own organizations.

I think you have to wait and see because it's still early, only last June. And we have the growing momentum of adoptions. And we want to make sure that we really drive the performance and productivity from the customer. And then clearly, the simulation characteristics, work load is now quite broadly adopted by some of the customer to the cloud and then the Palladium Cloud is also happening. So we kind of doing 2 by 2 and then driving the performance and just make sure that our customers see the benefit of having that.

Yes, I think clearly, Tensilica has a very strong position in the audio, as I mentioned, and have now moved into vision and also automotive, surveillance and augmented reality. So it really depend on applications. And in some cases, we coexist. And in some cases, we shine. And so, clearly, we are excited about our IP. It's a double-digit growth for us, and in the Tensilica, DNA 100 is very well received for the embedded processing. And then RISC-V is another architecture. And I want to support all the different architecture and so we are coexisting very well. We support them. And then the IP, we embrace open source and clearly, we support any different architecture. But more, really, right now, we are moving towards, I call it, to remain specific -- workload-specific processor and application. And so we open with that. And also, I think the other big opportunity is the high-speed connectivity. So the high-speed SerDes, 112 gig SerDes and the 7-nanometer for the long reach, that is very well received. And in the data center and cloud, this is a must-have and it's silicon proven. We're excited about that opportunity also.

Yes, so Monika, first of all, I'm very excited about this, and I call it a world-class throughout the security and safety embedded system. And clearly, they have a lot to offer. These are real-time operating system and also software development tools. And either way, and then with this very proprietary partition architecture, that protecting what you really need to protect in a very highly reliable security and performance. And we're excited about it, and we take ownership in it. I just joined the board, and we are exploring a couple of area of collaborations. First of all is the go-to-market. And this is a very good software and then how do we proliferate into some of the different vertical, defense and aerospace clearly is their stronghold. And besides that, clearly, in the automotive and medical, there's many area that we can explore how to go-to-market. And then secondly, the technology collaborations in term of, clearly, we are the industry leader in providing the end-to-end EDA and semiconductor IP solution. They are very strong in embedded safety and security software solution that  each one bring in something really unique, and we can leverage our respective strength and collaborate in multiple fronts. In term of the technology collaborations, clearly, we can explore a collaboration with our verification suite, our IP and others so that we can serve our system vertical markets together in a more effective way. And also we can also look at some of the joint core marketing activity in the future. So all this now we just have this agreement finalized and we have a multiple meeting to explore how can we do and how do we prioritize that so that we can really increase the revenue from both companies. And I'm excited about it. And then the customer that we are exposed to, they can't wait to get us together to work on it. And so something that we, stay tuned and then we will be report as it go.

Sterling, that's a good question. And as I mentioned earlier, it is a very mixed environment. Clearly, we are supporting the customer and are clearly the leader in the industry, and so far we are very happy with our engagement with them. And they are the leader in the sector, so we kind of highlight to you, that is our high priority to support that. In term of the exposure, I think we're heavily engaging with some of these leading sector. AI, machine learning, that I mentioned earlier, the cloud data center infrastructure that we are very well positioned there. And clearly in automated driving and on the Tier 1 and OEM, and then also the 5G, some of the leading customer and we are engaging and ranging from cell phone all the way to the infrastructure provider. And so, overall, I think we are well positioned. We are very diversified, very broad in term of our customer base. And clearly, we -- sorry, the new area that we are excited is the whole SDE, System Design Enablement, that we are increasing our system companies and also some of the vertical market like aerospace, defense. And then, clearly, in the automotive side, we have a lot of success there. And then also, clearly, one thing that over time we're going to be also expanding is the medical related, that's another big area of opportunity to us. So overall, I think we are very broad. We don't expose to any specific sector or specific company. And then the design activity remain very strong across semiconductor system and vertical market.

Yes, Sterling, very good question. If you are following me for the last 10 years, I will continue to guide you at the time that we see it. And if you'll recall, we're initially guiding you from a very disaster year 2008 and '09, and then we are starting to point to 13 and then point to the mid-20 and then now we are reaching 30. And then stay tuned. And at the right time, we will highlight to you where we are going. We continue to drive efficiency, R&D, G&A in every sector, and meanwhile, we also continue to invest for the success for the long-term shareholder. And clearly, you can see that we have been investing in the right place, and you can see that our digital implementation side is a lot of success right now. Our custom/analog continue to be at the leadership. And we're investing in the future, in the 5-nanometer, 3-nanometer with a leading customer. We're moving to the cloud and we're moving to the SDE, and we also focus on some of the vertical systems and service provider and those big investment. And so we continue to drive efficiency and drive success, and then with the AE support, stay tuned. When the right time comes, we will guide you the longer-term operating margin that we like to shoot for.

Yes. So I think -- Mitch, good question. We have done well in China and we continue to representing -- continue to representing a growing opportunity. And China remain committed to build out on domestic semiconductor industry. And so we are well positioned there and we are supporting our global customer throughout. So I think stay tuned. Business as usual, and we continue to support our customers.

Thank you. In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, our System Design Enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology ways and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of consumers.
We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. The strength of our culture is highlighted by the recognition we've received from Fortune Magazine a few days ago as we are proud that for the fifth year in the row, we made the list of Fortune Top 100 Best Companies to Work For.
I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hard-working employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.