Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  
Cadence delivered outstanding financial results for the second quarter, with accelerating broad-based demand for innovative solutions driving double-digit growth across all our business groups. We beat our guidance on all key metrics and are significantly raising our financial outlook for the year, resulting in 17% year-over-year revenue growth as well as exceeding the Rule of 55. John will provide the details in a moment on both our Q2 results and the updated outlook for the year.  
Generational trends such as 5G, hyperscale computing and autonomous vehicles underpinned by AI, ML and data analytics are accelerating the digital transformation across multiple industries. Notwithstanding the macroeconomic uncertainties, our customers continue relentlessly investing in the next-generation innovation, with semiconductor companies benefiting from increasing silicon content and system companies investing in building custom silicon. These exciting trends are fueling robust design activity and driving a strong secular tailwind for end-to-end core EDA, IP and expanding systems portfolio.  
In Q2, we significantly accelerated our Intelligent System Design growth strategy through the introduction of 5 new innovative products as well as through the transformative OpenEye Scientific and Future Facilities acquisitions that expand our TAM and position us well for future growth.  
This morning, we announced our intent to acquire OpenEye Scientific, a leader in computational molecular design space. Over the past few years, we have successfully extended our multi-decade, chip-level simulation expertise to the system level, first, to finite element analysis, and more recently, to computational fluid dynamics. With OpenEye, we are now expanding into molecular modeling and simulation, an emerging area of growing interest as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies accelerate their emphasis on software solutions for drug discovery.  
The acquisition will allow us to leverage our solver and AI, ML leadership, along with large data management infrastructure, to significantly enhance the speed and accuracy of biosimulation. This will drive disruptive innovation in the life science market through increasing the efficiency and success rate of traditionally long and complex drug discovery process. Additionally, OpenEye market-leading, cloud-native SaaS platform can capitalize on our cloud expertise, thereby benefiting highly computationally intensive biosimulation.  
OpenEye's scientifically proven innovative solutions are used by 19 of the top 20 pharma companies, including Pfizer and AstraZeneca, as well as leading biotech firms, and we excitedly look forward to Dr. Anthony Nicholls and the OpenEye team with their deep science expertise and rich domain knowledge joining Cadence.  
During the quarter, we also acquired Future Facilities, a pioneer in the data center digital twin space that expands our CFD portfolio and extends it to data centers. In addition to electronics cooling analysis, Future Facilities' innovative solutions enable customers such as HP Enterprise, Digital Realty and Equinix optimize the thermal and power efficiencies in the data center using physics-based 3D digital twins, thereby helping reduce their carbon footprint. We are excited to welcome Hassan Moezzi and his talented team to Cadence.  
Now moving on to Q2 product and customer highlights. A key element of our approach has been to partner closely with market-shaping customers and win their confidence by providing leadership platform solution based on best-in-class engine. In Q2, we deepened our long-standing partnership with Samsung to a wide-ranging expansion of our core EDA system software and hardware solutions. And we are excited to have extended our collaboration with AMD to a far-reaching commitment to our innovative core EDA, hardware, design IP and system software solutions.  
Demand for our core EDA software remains strong and broad-based. Our digital business had another strong quarter, with 14% year-over-year growth fueled by key competitive displacement as well as significant expansion at several market-shaping customers.  
Adoption of our digital full flow, delivering industry's leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, continue to accelerate with close to 25 new wins in the first half of the year. Our innovative, automated and scalable Cadence Cerebrus solution with its unique self-learning capabilities allow users to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimize the digital full flow to meet their aggressive PPA schedule and productivity goals.  
Cadence Cerebrus continues to see accelerating proliferation, especially with market-shaping customers as they realized transformative results across a broad range of complex production designs and getting as much as 30% reduction in leakage power and up to 30x productivity improvement for design tasks ranging from design technology cooptimization, automated floor plan implementation and final PPA push.  
At our recent CadenceLIVE Silicon Valley User Conference, Level 3 customers, including Intel, NVIDIA, Broadcom, Samsung and Renesas, presented their remarkable successes using Cadence Cerebrus.  
Functional verification is becoming a key differentiator as we enable our customers to improve system quality and speed up their time to market. In Q2, our business grew 13% year-over-year, led by strong growth in hardware and Jasper.  
Strong secular demand for our industry-leading Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms, especially from hyperscale, AI, ML and server customers, led to our best Q2 ever for hardware. With 10 new customers and nearly 50 repeat orders, more than 2/3 of the orders during the quarter included both the platforms.  
Our IP business had a very strong quarter, growing 30% year-over-year as the continuing IP outsourcing trend drove strong design and foundry activity for our star IP, especially at the most advanced nodes. Our leading DDR IP solution continues to proliferate strongly, especially at hyperscaler and memory customers, while our PCIe portfolio had significant wins with compute and automotive companies.  
Tensilica continued to expand its footprint in true wireless stereo and Bluetooth headsets and had notable wins in automotive, mobile and AR/VR end markets.  
Our System Design & Analysis business that is driving expansion beyond EDA continued its strong momentum in Q2, delivering 29% year-over-year growth as we increase our footprint in several verticals, including high-tech electronics, hyperscalers, aerospace and defense and 5G communications. 
In Q2, Ciena, a leader in intelligent networking, adopted our advanced node custom-design photonics, multiphysics analysis, and 2.5D/3D packaging solutions for their next-generation coherent optical solutions. 
Exploring design complexity, coupled with rising product development time and cost, is driving the need for innovative packaging solutions that can handle heterogeneous integration in a modular manner. We are seeing accelerating growth for our integrity 3D-IC solution, which is the industry's only comprehensive platform with all in-house technology that provides a truly tightly integrated optimized solution across system-level floor planning, implementation, packaging and system analysis. 
Our system analysis portfolio, delivering disruptive performance and capacity benefits without compromising accuracy, is proliferating nicely with both semiconductor and system companies. For example, in addition to multiple repeat orders, Clarity 3D Solver was adopted by leading companies, including a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, a market-leading U.S. company providing RF and mobile communication chips, and a global marquee hyperscaler. 
We also announced a new multiyear partnership with McLaren Racing, who will use our Fidelity CFD software to investigate airflow. We are also very excited to have introduced Optimality Explorer, which brings the revolutionary AI technology implemented in Cadence Cerebrus to the system space for the very first time. This solution enables the delivery of optimized designs, about 10x faster on average than traditional manual methods, with up to 100x speedup having been seen on some designs. Optimality is quickly ramping up with early adopter customers as they realize these compelling results, with Microsoft, MediaTek, Baidu and Ambarella having provided strong endorsement for the product. 
As we innovate on our systems technology, we are also enhancing our go-to-market strategy. In Q2, we launched our transformational on-cloud SaaS and e-commerce platform, scalable solution offering, instant access, flexible use models for companies adopting a cloud-first approach. This new e-commerce platform is the industry's first and offers a consumption-based use model that's built upon the well-established Cadence CloudBurst task platform. Several customers, including Bombardier, Cisco and Amazon Web Services, have endorsed the significance of this game-changing platform. 
To summarize, semiconductor and system companies are relentlessly investing to accelerate their innovation, and this continues to drive secular tailwinds for our business. Q2 was an outstanding quarter as we raised the financial outlook for the year while advancing our Intelligent System Design strategy and setting us up well for future growth by expanding into new end markets with our OpenEye and Future Facilities acquisitions. 
Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q2 results and our updated 2022 outlook.

Gary, this is Anirudh. That's a great question. So first of all, we are very pleased with our execution to the Intelligent System Design strategy. And as you see, we are doing well applying computational software expertise to our core and then new areas. So all our businesses are doing well. 
And as we expand into the system space, like we did with finite element and then CFD, I also think that it's very important to not just disrupt existing areas of simulation, but also get into new areas, emerging areas of simulation like we announced today with the molecular simulation. And that naturally adds to our customer base and expanding opportunities. 
Now in terms of OpenEye, it will operate as a -- when it closes later, it will operate as an independent business unit. But in general, like we have talked about in the past that we are focused on expanding our go-to-market. And if you look at that on-cloud, there's another way to reach the long tail and expanding customer base. And overall, we have structured our go-to-market to be slightly different in these new areas. That's only natural because it's not just the direct channel, but also the indirect channel and now the cloud and SaaS offerings.

Yes. Vivek, that's a great point. But as you know, our business is very resilient. And I would say that's probably the main reason. One is we are critical to our customers' R&D. We're essential products for their current and future road maps. And the second reason is we are a highly ratable business, as you know, as John explained, so which gives some higher visibility and also traditionally, historically strong renewal rates. And the third thing I would like to highlight is that we are very diversified, both in terms of geographies and end markets. 
So I mean we are carefully watching the macroeconomic environment. But overall, I feel we are in a good position to weather whatever uncertainty is in front of us. 
And the generational trends are intact, right? So like we always talk about the 3 big drivers for our business. One is the semiconductors and the growing need for semiconductors and digitization of all verticals. Second thing is the system companies doing more silicon and our growing relationship with the system companies. And then the third big megatrend being our own move beyond EDA into TAM expansion to System Design & Analysis to different kind of simulation and optimization. And that also brings more customers and more diversification. 
So overall, we feel good about where we are and -- but we are watching the environment very closely.

Yes. Jay, first of all, thank you for attending the keynotes. That's great. Now in terms of -- like I always say, our strength is in computational software. And I want to highlight computational software, as you know, is not just simulation. Of course, we have big expertise in simulation. But it's also optimization and design. So EDA has a rich history of writing one of the most complicated optimization of design software. I mean, for example, things like place and route and digital implementation are probably the most complex optimization software that's available. 
And what I'm really excited about use of AI is not just in simulation, but more importantly, in optimization. And you can see that in Cerebrus. Cerebrus, coupled with our digital flow with Innovus, can provide dramatic results. So I think this combination of inside out or simulation-based or science-based, physics-based simulation, whether it is in chip design or system level, combined with outside in AI for optimization, is a huge megatrend, okay? So the simulation plus AI, a combination of analysis plus optimization. And of course, we applied it to chip design with Cerebrus. 
And then recently, I'm also very excited about Optimality. We have dramatic results because similar technologies can be applied to system simulation. And to your point, Cerebrus and Optimality based on reinforcement learning requires this multi-run kind of optimization, which traditionally EDA hasn't done. So we are very pleased with the progress. 
I mean there's another area, as you can know, which is like verification, that also requires multi-run. So we will -- we are tying all these things together and applying this kind of multi-run data analytics and AI across our product portfolio. 
And the benefit of that to our customers is, of course, they can do more with our software. And what I expect is that over time, we should be able to get more and more spend of their R&D to automation with things like Cerebrus, Optimality and, overall, automation. 
John, you can comment on the second.

Charles, that's a good point. First of all, we are very happy, like you said, with the progress in 3D-IC. And I -- and we are glad to work with all the leading foundries, and we have a strong partnership given our position in the market. 
Now I think this is not any different than traditional EDA, though. I mean, typically, the customer always has a choice to put flows together by multiple tools. But even if you look at traditional EDA, because of advanced node and design complexity, the integrated solution gives better results. But even our traditional EDA tools can be run as a mixture of other tools if the customer so chooses. 
So we will allow that flexibility in all our domains, but we always believe that a fully integrated solution like verification products or digital products, and same thing with 3D-IC gives the best results, the best PPA. And that's what we are all about. We want to deliver the best PPA productivity to our customers and work with the leading foundries to provide that. So I don't see any different from other areas. But at the same time, the focus on benefit of the full flow is even more critical.

That's a good point. As you know, we are very diversified and -- across all segments and geographies and also have the great privilege of working with all the leading foundries in the world through the strength of our products. And we are more focused on the design side than the manufacturing side because all our products are used on the design side. But that having been said, as there is more onshoring or investment by several governments now by -- to improve manufacturing, it does require more tool enablement, EDA enablement and IT work at all these foundries. So I think that drives more demand for our products. And we are glad to work with all these partners as we move forward. 
So at the macro level, we are focused on the design side and our end customers, right, to build their solutions. But any kind of manufacturing-driven uptick in enablement is good for our business.

Yes. That's a good point. I think we -- our IP business is doing well, just like you saw in our results even, Q2 results. And we always focus on star IP. And we have design IP portfolio, like you mentioned with DDR, PCIe, high-speed SerDes with [indiscernible] platform. So right now, we're seeing strength across all those segments, and we are pleased with that. 
And like I said, design activity is strong, and IP is a key part of the design activity. And so we are happy with the progress. But I would say that the strength is broad based across not only our different product lines, but also different customer segments. 
And this overall trend in IP also -- I just wanted to say IP also benefits from the trend of outsourcing. As customers focus on their core expertise, as you know, they will outsource IP. So overall, I think it's a good business. And also, our focus on star IP has improved the profitability of our IP business in the last few years, and we are pleased with that trend.

That's a good question. I mean, first of all, like I said, we believe we are best-in-class competition software, right? That includes simulation and design stimulation optimization. And then when we go into simulation space, system simulation, we want to do existing areas, which are well-established markets like finite element and CFD, and we have talked a lot about it over the last few years, but also new areas, which are emerging and will be important for the next 10 years. And I can't think of a better emerging area than molecular simulation. 
And now it has multiple applications to materials and plastics and other things, but one of the exciting applications is, of course, life sciences and biosimulation. And so the thing I like about it is not only is it simulation and should have all the properties, the system simulation like FAE and CFD, it has application to a very important vertical, which will have to be more and more digitized over the next 10 years. So it has both those properties, the inherent R&D synergy and properties of simulation, but also in a very important vertical. 
And same thing -- by the way, it's true for Future Facilities. If you think about it, the reason that like that acquisition and company, it's in a CFD area, which is, again, system simulation, but in a data center vertical, which is a huge thing for sustainability and power consumption. And I don't need to tell you how important cloud and data center is. So both of these acquisitions have inherent strength, which ties to our competition software expertise, but also good and important growing verticals, and they have strong positions in those. 
Talking about OpenEye, they're used by 19 of the top 20 pharma companies and also a very broad portfolio and leadership in molecular design and simulation and also a very good go-to-market with SaaS. They are a first company in the space to go to SaaS and cloud-native applications. So it has multiple characteristics that we like, and at the same time, having a talented team. And the same thing is true for Future Facilities. So that gives you an idea of we want to go into strong horizontal capabilities in simulation, but also in exciting verticals there.

Yes. Good question. We are pretty -- it's a busy quarter, right? We have a lot of exciting innovations this time, and all of them is on cloud, and we've been working on it for a while. As you know, we've been doing SaaS and cloud for a while for several years now. But I think the word we see opportunity with on-cloud is combining SaaS with e-commerce. And this is especially true for -- and it was built for the long tail of the market so that the reach can be higher of our go-to-market strategy. 
Now we are surprised that even some of the big customers want to use it, like you saw some of the big customers like Cisco and Bombardier and Amazon Web Services were referenced in our announcement. But the goal is to reach the long tail. And for that reason, the initial set of products are the systems product, our system analysis tools and Fidelity, Clarity, Celsius, PCB with OrCAD and Allegro. So that's the initial focus, and we'll see how that goes because these -- those products traditionally have a much higher number of customers than traditional EDA products. And so therefore, cloud and SaaS e-commerce platform is good for these kind of customers. And then we rolled it out to certain geographies, and we'll expand that over time. 
So far, we have a lot of users over there, and we are closely monitoring how it goes. But so far, so good. And just to remind you, we also have the hardware cloud for Palladium and Protium, but the on-cloud focus is mostly for the system products into the long tail. So we are positively surprised by some big customers. Yes. Thanks.

Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We are excited about our business momentum and the tremendous market opportunities ahead of us. On behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. We look forward to speaking with you again on our Q3 2022 earnings call. Thank you, and have a great evening.