Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, who is in Europe right now; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, both here in Miami. 
Thank you all for joining us this morning, and thank you for joining us in what is known internationally as the Day of the Seafarer. Thanks to all those seafarers out there for the positive impact they have on our everyday quality of life the world over. 
Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
We delivered the strongest second quarter adjusted earnings in the history of our company, and that's on top of last year's record results. Adjusted earnings of $0.68 per share were more than $100 million higher. That's more than 30% higher than prior year as well as $0.10 above the midpoint of March guidance and $0.08 above the high end of our March guidance range. 
These record results reflect the efforts of our passionate 120,000-plus employees who go above and beyond every day as well as that of hundreds of thousands of travel professionals who support our brands. Collectively, those efforts helped to mitigate a $0.19 drag for the year from fuel and currency, both moving against us since the time of our March guidance. While our full year guidance is now below March guidance, in the range of $4.15 to $4.25, we continue to have strong operating performance.
Despite the impact of fuel and currency, the midpoint of our original December guidance of $4.15 has become the floor for our current full year guidance, reflecting continued strength in the business. Essentially, strength in underlying demand for our cruise offerings fosters greater ticket prices year-to-date and more than offset the unfavorable impact of fuel and currency for the full year compared to our December guidance. 
It was reinforcing to see constant currency revenue yield growth this quarter of roughly 4.8%. Now that's on top of the 5.1% improvement achieved in the second quarter last year. We continue to drive revenue yield growth by increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth through our ongoing guest experience, marketing and public relations efforts.
By all accounts, this was a significant quarter for our company, not only because of our record-breaking financial results, but because of a number of milestones, which will contribute meaningfully to our future success. We introduced 2 spectacular new ships, an important part of our measured capacity growth strategy. 
In March, we delivered Carnival Horizon, offering Carnival Cruise Line guests even more ways to choose fun, from a new Dr. Seuss-themed WaterWorks aqua park; to Guy's Pig & Anchor Smokehouse | Brewhouse, serving up real-deal barbecue favorites by Guy Fieri as well as 4 new craft beers brewed onboard, a nice complement to Guy's hugely popular burger bar serving arguably the best burgers at sea. The ship also features the SkyRide aerial experience, an IMAX theater and Family Harbor, featuring extra roomy accommodations.
Carnival garnered nearly 250 million media impressions around its creative naming ceremony in New York City, which included showcasing the talented young artists from St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, reaffirming Carnival's long-standing strong support of St. Jude's. Festivities included an entertaining lip sync battle between Horizon's godmother, Grammy-award winning artist and actress, Queen Latifah; and Philadelphia Eagles Super Bowl Champion kicker, Jake Elliott. 
Also during the quarter, our ultra-luxury brand, Seabourn, debuted the fifth all-suite ship in its fleet. Seabourn Ovation provides guests with a private veranda in every luxurious suite, sophisticated decor core fashioned by Adam Tihany and a new alfresco dining venue, Earth & Ocean at The Patio, as well as a number of innovative programs, including An Evening with Tim Rice, Spa and Wellness with Dr. Andrew Weil and The Grill by Thomas Keller. Select sailings will also include Ventures by Seabourn programs, which are expedition-style excursions featuring a team of world-class expedition experts with a focus on allowing guests to experience nature up close.
Seabourn Ovation launched on May 11 at a distinguished naming ceremony in Valletta, Malta, with highly acclaimed actress and singer Elaine Page serving as godmother during a ceremony that lit up the UNESCO World Heritage site.
Our measured capacity growth strategy also takes into consideration the replacement cycle of less-efficient ships. Over the last 12 years, we have sold 22 vessels into the secondary market, including the 2 ships that left the fleet this past quarter. We plan to continue removing ships from our fleet and remain on track to sell, on average, 1 to 2 ships annually with more announcements expected later this year.
Moreover, we achieved a number of milestones in our strategic core development efforts around the globe. In Alaska, Holland America Group recently announced a minority position in a joint venture to further strengthen our ties in Skagway, Alaska, the gateway to the legendary Gold Rush region and destination for 80% of our Alaskan cruises. 
In Spain, we recently opened a second new state-of-the-art terminal in Barcelona. We bring over 1 million cruise guests a year to Barcelona. In Australia, where 7 of our 9 brands operate, we entered into an important long-term agreement with the Port of Brisbane. We have priority berthing rights at a new terminal to be completed by 2020, enabling our brands to add even more calls and take even larger ships to Brisbane.
At the same time, we are expanding and diversifying the home ports we sail from in China while engaging in strategic port development throughout Asia, providing additional attractive ports of call for our Chinese guests. For example, we recently signed an agreement for preferential berthing for our brands in Sasebo, in Japan.
We also announced a long-term preferential berthing agreement in Dubai and brought a strategic alliance for development of cruising in the region. Dubai will not only serve as an attractive port of call but will facilitate the development of source markets in the Arabian Gulf. 
During the quarter, we also received meaningful recognition for our brands. Now while each year, we receive well over 500 awards, there are a few I would like to highlight, including Carnival Cruise Lines being named Most Trusted Cruise Line by Reader's Digest for the fourth year in a row; and Princess Cruises and the cast of The Love Boat being inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Our Ocean Originals TV program, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, The Voyager with Josh Garcia and Vacation Creation, have been honored in their second year with 14 Telly Awards. That's even more than last year. And in the U.K., reality based series The Cruise, filmed onboard Princess, has ranked among the most-watched factual programs on prime-time television in Britain with 4 million viewers per episode.
Our CSMART, Center for Simulator Maritime Training, was recognized as the world's first Center for Safety Excellence by DNV GL, one of the leading maritime classification societies, citing CSMART's commitment to safety and ongoing training to our 7,000 bridge and engineering officers across our 9 world-leading cruise lines with the industry's most advanced simulating equipment technology and curriculum. Also worth noting, our corporation earned a perfect score in Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index; was acknowledged by Forbes as one of the top 500 Best Large Employers; and by Corporate Responsibility Magazine as 1 of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens and ranking highest in the travel sector. 
Progress continues on our new revenue management system, which is expected to be rolled out to approximately 90% of the inventory for 6 of our brands by the fall. We also remain on track to deliver nearly $80 million of cost savings in 2018 as we continue efforts to contain costs by leveraging our industry-leading scale.
With strong and growing cash from operations, we remain committed to distributing cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we accelerated returns to shareholders by increasing our dividend to $0.50 per quarter, generating annual dividend distributions now exceeding $1.4 billion. At the same time, we reauthorized our $1 billion share-repurchase program. Since March, we invested more than $375 million in Carnival stock, bringing the cumulative total shares repurchased to over $3.7 billion since late 2015.
In addition to all our efforts to drive operating performance, there are several structural advantages to our industry. We have a significant long-term opportunity to increase penetration levels in all of our existing markets. All told, the cruise industry represents less than 2% of all hotel rooms in the world, and we will continue to be underpenetrated as we operate in an industry that is capacity constrained. We also enjoy significantly higher satisfaction levels than land-based alternatives, yet we offer a greater value for money, with a value gap that can range anywhere from 15% to 45% for comparable land-based resort vacations. 
Of course, demographics are supporting the growth in cruising, benefiting from the millennial generation and the aging of the baby boomers. In North America alone, the number of people reaching retirement age goes from 48 million in 2015 to 56 million in 2020 and 74 million by 2030. Now that's a target-rich environment for us, as this segment has the time and the resources, given our value proposition, to sail multiple times per year. Factographic trends also support the growth in cruise as consumers invest more in collecting experiences rather than buying things. And at the same time, increasing wealth in emerging markets is yet another powerful driver.
To capitalize on these many structural advantages, we continue to proactively generate demand by increasing consideration for cruise globally through our marketing and public relations efforts, while at the same time, stepping up our already high guest experience levels to increase retention, frequency and propensity to recommend to others. 
Our ongoing efforts to generate demand builds confidence in our continued ability to increase capacity and prices. All told, the strong execution in the quarter, the fundamental strength in demand, combined with many achievements realized already this year to sustain the momentum all bolster our conviction in delivering double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond.
With that, I'll turn the call to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the lines for questions.

Well, let me open on that. Dave, add some color to it. First of all, we're very confident about the business going into the second half of the year. We're coming off a really fantastic last year. The back-half comparisons obviously are tougher, but we have confidence. The adjustment in our guidance, as we said on the call, as David pointed out, was strictly related to fuel and currency. And because we always factor in -- we've got a hurricane season coming, things can go wrong. We think it's prudent to give the guidance we have for the back half, but we didn't modify our perception of the back half of the year. David, you want to make some comments?

First of all, yes, booking curves are strong. Again, we had a great year last year, and we're doing even better in terms of occupancy and with significant capacity increases, so on and so forth. So booking's strong. Having said that, there's no question that we got impacted originally by missing a booking period during the hurricane season. And now for portions of the Caribbean, and we keep referencing Puerto Rico and San Juan because it was so obvious there, there is a hurricane malaise. But having said all that, the Caribbean is strong. We're talking about performing well against a very strong year last year and with significant additional growth.

I think, look, the reality of our business, I kind of said on the call, is we have large addressable markets around the world. They're all underpenetrated. We have highly differentiated product offerings. I know people are concerned about capacity and so on. But overall, the industry is actually capacity constrained. So when we build a ship for AIDA, and one for P&O in the U.K., and one for Carnival and one for Seabourn, they don't even compete with each other, okay? What happens with the German source market versus the British source market, et cetera, versus the ultra-luxury market, those things don't even overlap. There are positive trends in population growth and in travel in general. And whether it's millennials or -- who over-index in cruise, or whether it's retirees, the retirees are going increase dramatically here in North America, but elsewhere as well. That's people with time on their hands and with some assets. And we're very affordable, from mass contemporary brands to those who have more assets, to ultra-luxury brands. And people have time, and we're a better vacation value than land-based vacation. So we have a lot of fundamental things going. We don't have a problem right now in terms of looking ahead with booking curves or yields or any of that. So we know there's concern about capacity. There's actually not even any empirical evidence to show a correlation between capacity and yield. That doesn't exist. And more importantly, we're here to grow earnings and further improve our return on invested capital. And that's exactly what we've been doing, and it's what we're going to do. There've always been pocketed markets in any given year, where appears there's a capacity problem. Usually, that's complicated by something else like hurricane malaise or other things. But that exist, has always existed every year in the business. But our assets are mobile, and so we can move. And for us, we intend to create the demand for our capacity. And if we don't, we'll moderate our supply. So that's all I have to say. I think the business is super strong. We just had a record quarter. We look ahead. Things look very good. There's little dynamics in one market or another. Last year, people were very concerned about China and so on. We had a bit of a mess in China and a bad hurricane season, and we still performed well. This year, our guidance is to grow earnings double digit and to achieve the longstanding promise we made about return on investing capital getting to double digit. That's going to happen. And we have multiple pathways to keep that going in the future. So that's what I have to say. Okay, next question. Oh, Beth?

We don't necessarily do hurricane-specific. There are things that happen every year around the world. And markets get taken away from us, high-yielding itineraries for geopolitical reasons. There's disease scares. I mean, all these different things happen. And so we put -- look at historical stuff that's happened and level of impact, and we come up with a general rule of thumb, and then we put judgment on it based on the climate at the time -- so the global climate. And that's how we do it. But it's just a matter of trying to be practical because realistically, every year, something happens and usually more than one thing.

Can I say one thing? When you say negatively, I just want to emphasize to everyone, we're growing in the Caribbean, okay? We're generating more earnings in the Caribbean, and we're growing generally more earnings everywhere else in the world, too. So on a relative growth basis, yes, the Caribbean might be weaker on yields than some other markets. But overall, we're growing earnings, and there's no weakness in the business. But go ahead, David.

We may be a victim of our own conservatism. But the reality is that it's not conservatism. It's -- for us, it's just trying to be practical. But just to reinforce, all that's happened with our guidance is we offset a lot of the fuel and currency. But we aren't -- we haven't put in the guidings completely offsetting all of what the current fuel and currency is. And that, of course, can change.

I would say always, certain brands in any given year, one brand may have significant increase relative to others. And so that's just the common practice when you have a portfolio of brands. Is there some systemic, long-term, underlying trend in terms of appetite by source market for the brands? No, we don't see any intrinsic patterns that would suggest certain brands are going to be much stronger for the next 5 to 7 years versus some others. But sure, in any given year, one brand has a big increase relative to other brands. And as a portfolio, that happens.

Two quick comments. One is, we obviously have a strong credit rating. We don't feel a need to have it be even stronger. We can go up to 2.5x pretty comfortably, we feel, from a leverage standpoint. As you say, we have 1.8, 1.9 now. So from that vantage point, and of course, in a situation like this, I'm not going to make any comments other than to say our strategy on stock buyback is optimistically return cash to shareholders through stock buyback.

No, I wouldn't say that. That's the range within we can operate and maintain a strong credit rating. But we don't have a plan or anything. I don't want to -- you to misinterpret we'll go to 2.5x.

I'll do the hedging. We never hedge. We've done the collars. We did them before to protect against spikes in fuel prices that could compromise us in the capital markets when we have commitments for capital. We didn't want to have to go into the capital markets not knowing what the capital markets would be at the time. And so we did collars to protect ourselves in that regard. Since then, things are a lot different obviously. Our ratio's much better. We have a lot more cash than we have been. So we're in a much better position to weather any type of fuel spike or whatever. And so fundamentally, we've never believed in hedges. The board hasn't. The management hasn't. And so we continually look at that situation, because, number one, we want to maintain our freedom to operate and make sure we're doing it in an advantageous way for the shareholders. But we never try to play the fuel game, because even oil companies don't know where fuel prices are going. So that's not the business we're in.

Got it. First of all, in terms of forward purchasing of Brent, we -- again, we try not to play the fuel game for obvious reasons. And the variability there is crazy. You just never know where you're going to be. So we tend not to do that. And then first part of your question, what's it again?

Oh, the fuel surcharge, yes. So, yes, in the past, we've implemented fuel surcharge when there was a rapid spike in fuel prices, et cetera. That's always something that we could take a look at. So far, we have not done that and considered doing that. And at this point right now, I don't think we would. But if prices were to continue to spike, obviously, that's something we'd have to look at.

Correct.

Tour business.

No, the recent transaction would not, because it really is a hotel base because we have properties there. And so it's just -- it's purely just a mix issue. So Alaska's doing great. Earnings are growing. The capacity's there. We're making really good money. It's a very popular destination. It's just that we don't have more hotel rooms. And so some of the bookings have that with them and then others don't. And the ones that don't are at a lower price. And as that volume increases, it makes it look like a yield impact. But it's not a yield on cruise or anything.

We homeport in San Juan, and so that's one thing that's different. I'm not sure that we're that different than the industry. I think you'd have to talk to the others, I guess. Norwegian changed their itineraries or something and went to a different part of Caribbean for the year. But frankly, we don't see it as anything particularly unique, but we do homeport.

Yes. My usual contextualization of China, a small part of our capacity, embryonic market, basically still a B2B market, et cetera. So, all those qualifiers. And the bottom line is things are stronger for sure than they were last year at this time. And so it looks positive for the year on a relative basis so far. But China's China, and we have to see how things play out for the full year. But right now, conditionally, things definitely look stronger. In terms of sanctions, we haven't heard of any sanctions on either side that would directly impact the cruise industry. Obviously, there's still -- the Chinese are still not going to Korea at this point in time. If that changes, that could open up the possibility on some itinerary planning and maybe help the situation there even more. But in terms of additional sanctions or new sanctions, given what's going on, we've heard nothing. I just happened to be in China last week and had the opportunity to participate in some high government-level stuff, and nothing was talked about in those.

It was very strong, and it remains very strong.

Excellent. Okay. Yes, so first of all, again, we believe eventually, China is going to be our largest cruise market in the world. So right now, we're teeny tiny, and it's embryonic. So absolutely it makes sense putting hardware there and new hardware. So Shèngshì Gongzhu Hào, which is Majestic Princess there, is ideally suited for Chinese. It's home port some of the year in China. The rest of the time, it's sailing elsewhere in Asia, but filled with lots of Chinese cruise goers. The Costa Venezia, as you mentioned, will be introduced in 2019 in China. The Costa brand currently has several ships homeported there. It will be a great addition to their fleet. It's purpose-built, again, for the Chinese cruise goer. The market there is very large in terms of overall travel, both from cities in China and, of course, as a huge potential source market for fly/cruise all over the world. And so we will continue to have a presence. And as I mentioned, I was just over there recently. We definitely are excited about our joint venture with CSSC and moving that forward and establishing a brand in China that's in partnership with [ Stanley Enterprises ] there to drive cruise, as they've mandated in their 5-year plan. So all of that stuff's very positive. In terms of the distribution system itself, yes, we've moved from full-ship charters primarily now to group sales and partial ship charters, et cetera. We've added a large number of additional distributors. All of that kind of derisks things a bit from being overly concentrated in what, in effect, today is still pretty much a B2B market. The direct sales component is slowly growing a bit there. There's opportunity to grow that over time. But a time line in China, we'll see. It's a small market. I don't see today, for us and for the industry, I don't see a dramatic increase in percent of total capacity in the short term there. And the reason is not so much because of China, but because of the demand everywhere else in the world. And then, as I mentioned, there's large addressable markets everywhere in the world that are underpenetrated, including the United States. And so the ships are needed to continue to grow and serve the market demand that we've been creating over the past several years. But China, long term, is going to have a cruise market. But it's China. There'll be starts and stops and fits and turns and so on. And it's the nature of the animal, but our assets are mobile. And as long as it's accretive, we'll participate. And when it's not, we'll move the ships elsewhere. Thank you for your question.
Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your participation on the call. We always do our best to give you the best guidance that we can. And I just want to leave you with the thought that our business is strong. The guidance we've given is reflecting some changes in fuel and currency. But beyond that, the business is strong. Thank you very much.