Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As Keith said, I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc, and today I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
Now given the vessel disruption that unfolded this week with Carnival Vista, we decided to move the call to today because we wanted to provide the information that the impact was limited to $0.08 to $0.10, and we wanted to provide the information as quickly as possible. Obviously, we're disappointed with this morning's announcement as well as in our change in guidance from our initial guidance for 2019. We acknowledge that we would not deliver for this year the growth rates in earnings and returns that our business is capable of and that we are committed to deliver over time, and we are disappointed in the reduction to that guidance.
However, we have the foundation, and we remain steadfast in our commitment to consistently deliver double-digit earnings growth and growth in return on invested capital over time. We delivered second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.66, that's higher than the midpoint of March guidance by $0.08 per share and only $0.02 per share lower than last year despite a $0.09 drag from fuel and currency.
For the full year, voyage disruptions related to Carnival Vista are expected, as I have mentioned, to have a financial impact of approximately $0.08 to $0.10 per share, and that's from a combination of modified itineraries, canceled sailings and the unusual nature of the repair, given the unavailable damaged dry dock in Grand Bahama Shipyard, where repairs otherwise would have occurred.
Now we're updating our adjusted earnings guidance range, previously $4.35 to $4.55, now $4.25 to $4.35 due to the voyage disruptions; the U.S. government's policy change on travel to Cuba, which impacted earnings by $0.04 to $0.06 per share; lower revenue yields in the second half of the year resulting primarily from ongoing headwinds for our Continental European-sourced brands estimated at $0.10 to $0.12 per share, and that represents 0.5 points off our prior full year yield guidance. That's partially offset by $0.02 per share reduction in cost due to lower fuel consumption and a favorable $0.08 per share from changes in fuel and currency since the time of our March guidance.
The U.S. government's policy change for travel to Cuba has the financial impact of approximately $0.04 to $0.06, as I just mentioned, per share, as we have to make deployment changes very close in. While the regulatory change was disappointing as these sailings had experienced strong demand and were well booked at significant yield premiums, we were able to adjust our itineraries to provide our guests with attractive alternative vacation experiences utilizing the 6 destination ports that we own and operate in the Caribbean, which are among our highest-rated destinations based on guest feedback.
However, the suddenness of the regulatory change is disruptive and has led to a concentration of industry-wide capacity and to a select number of lower-yield deployment options. As always, we remain focused on pricing discipline.
Now our Continental European brands have been facing heightened geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds, which has impacted operating performance this year. Our growth in these markets has continued to outpace general travel, but growing into a contracting travel market has put pressure on ticket prices this year.
In Germany, land-based tour operator booking trends have been running significantly behind this year, while our German cruise brand has grown double digits but not been able to hold price in that environment. Now despite these headwinds, our German brand, AIDA, has among the highest returns in our portfolio.
In Southern Europe, while the environment had been challenging for multiple years now, we have encountered a further deterioration in the economic environment in Italy with Italy experiencing a recession, a heightened geopolitical environment in France given the ongoing yellow vest disruptions, further compounded by increased land-based competition at significantly low rates, resulting from the reopening of resort destinations in Turkey and North Africa. Prior to this year, despite what had already been a challenging economic environment, particularly in Southern Europe, Costa was executing along the path toward double-digit return on invested capital. In fact, in the last 5 years, Costa more than doubled return on invested capital, albeit starting from a lower base.
Now newbuilds are a very important part of the path to double-digit return on invested capital and given the inherent cost efficiencies gained by the greater scale and fuel efficiencies of our new ships. Now we've not taken delivery of a new ship in Europe for Costa in over 5 years, and that ship is still among the highest-returning ships in our entire fleet.
We have also entered into an agreement to sell 2 ships from Costa to our China joint venture next year. We're evaluating further opportunities to optimize our future performance, including accelerating demand and rightsizing capacity. Clearly, in 2019, exacerbated by recent events, we are not performing, as I mentioned, at the double-digit earnings growth rate or growth in return on invested capital that we target. Now we have been aggressively working to enhance our action plan to drive results in 2020 and beyond as some of these action items are in the process of being rolled out and some are still being evaluated.
Now I'll highlight a few that we expect to benefit 2020 and beyond. While we remain focused on cost containment, and aside from the impact of voyage disruptions, we are maintaining the cost guidance we gave for the year. Included in our guidance is a planned increase in our investment in demand creation in the back half of the year to further position us for 2020. However, that increase in advertising is offset by cost savings in other areas.
Now we continue to roll out applications across multiple brands, designed to enhance the guest experience and to promote onboard sales, including Ocean Medallion for Princess, and we expect to have 11 Princess ships rolled out by the end of 2020. Of course, our ongoing newbuild program is integral to the growth in earnings and return on invested capital over time. And as we mentioned before, not only are our newbuilds on average roughly 15% to 25% more cost efficient and approximately 25% to 35% more fuel efficient, they also help to create further demand for cruising.
And of course, we continue to reinvest in the existing fleet to drive demand and have more major refurbishment projects planned next year. For our Carnival brand, we've garnered double-digit yield premiums and double-digit return on investment for the renamed Carnival Sunshine. And we're off to a strong start for the recently reintroduced Carnival Sunrise with both booking volumes and pricing up double digits.
On the cost side, we are now positioning, beginning in 2020, to take advantage of the natural cost containment that comes from leveraging the increased capacity from newbuilds. And we've also initiated a zero-based planning pilot for our 2020 planning process. Now this is in addition to our efforts to leverage our industry-leading scale, estimated at $75 million or more annually, and the greater economies of scale afforded by our higher capacity growth. That said, we will not be afraid to spend money to invest, especially if we have an opportunity to drive demand and earn a return on investment.
We remain very confident in our portfolio of cruise brands. Over the past 5 years, we have had even stronger cumulative yield growth from our EA segment than our NAA segment on similar capacity growth, and believe our brands continue to outperform the broader travel market in Continental Europe. We remain confident we can continue to grow demand for cruise at good prices because we operate in an underpenetrated industry with an overall growing global travel industry. We're well positioned to take advantage of the acceleration in retirees globally and the millennial generation, which overindexes to cruise. 
And at the same time, cruising generates higher satisfaction levels than land-based alternatives and prices at a value to comparable land-based alternatives. So we operate in an industry that is capacity constrained, the ships are full, so are the shipyards, and the mobility of the assets allows us to optimize the demand environment over time. There are headwinds every year. And over the past 5 years, we've demonstrated our ability to overcome multiple headwinds and deliver strong operational improvement. Now this year, our growth has been hampered by a confluence of events, which our people have worked hard to mitigate. We remain confident with actions we're taking that over time, we will continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth and significant growth in return on invested capital.
And now I'd like to turn the call over to David.

Okay. Keith, we're ready for the questions.

First of all, good morning, Robin. The U.K. has been a better market despite Brexit. There would be a number of reasons for that, but overall it has been better. I don't know if David would like to add any additional color.

Yes. I'll start and then I'll let David fill in with some details. I think going into 2020, it will still be a challenging environment in Europe, but there is a couple of changes for us. First of all, we had significant increase in the German market this year, not just us but the industry, and that will not be the case in 2020. So significant double-digit capacity increase this year, next year that will not be the case. And then in Costa, we have the new ship. This is the first new ship in over 5 years, Smeralda, and she is booking very well so far. It will introduce a number of efficiencies and stuff, so that also is a positive going into 2020 for Continental Europe. David, have you got any comments?

And while the environment seems similar, as I mentioned, the conditions we're operating in within our own brands is different going into 2020 and that gives us a basis to build on.

I would say, I'll -- again a general comment, so overall, our North America brands are doing well with regards to guidance and what we had included in guidance. And I'll let David give you the details on them.

And just to refresh your memory, we do have the tour complication in Alaska, where we have a tour business that has a certain amount of capacity, and even though you can increase the number of guests going to Alaska, we don't necessarily have additional rooms in the resorts and other things to -- for total yield once you get to onboard revenue, et cetera, excursions. So that's another level of complication, but Alaska is strong, it's profitable, it's growing.

I will answer the latter part of your question first, as David looks up the details on these percentage growth and stuff. But it was double digits in Continental Europe this year, uniformly. And I think overall for -- you said for the industry, so it would be much higher than ours individually, probably. But in any event, we are always looking at rightsizing every market, every source market, every destination market. And obviously, we'll be looking at that going into next year and beyond in Europe, especially in Southern Europe.

And if you look at the total capacity increase this year?

Continental Europe.

So that would be all of Europe. If you just want to focus -- sorry, we didn't have the answer succinctly for you, but the bottom line is this, if you look at AIDA, AIDA was up double-digit capacity growth this year.

Almost 20%. And there won't be -- they will be up 5% or 6% or something next year. Costa was up almost 14% this year, but that was with existing hardware with -- not with the new ship. It was not with the newbuild. Next year, we'll be up in Costa, but it will be the newbuild, with Smeralda, which is -- brings in efficiencies and so on and so forth. So the brands will be experiencing a different dynamic as well. There was capacity increase from others in Germany this year and they will not have capacity increase next year. So when you look at those markets that primarily we're focused on, or all those brands that primarily we've been focused on in this conversation with the yield adjustment, they will be going into a better situation even if the overall environment hasn't changed much in Europe. And in addition to that, of course, we're going to do a number of things ourselves from creating demand and other things to try to improve the performance there. Having said all that, AIDA is still growing earnings in Europe and so on and so forth. So we have an opportunity still to focus on what we want to focus on, which is earnings growth and return on invested capital, and we have a good base in AIDA to do that going forward and have the opportunity with Costa as well.

I would say, first of all, AIDA is one of the highest-return brands that we have. And so while it may not be a yield story, it's an earnings and it is an accretive story, and it is helping us overall deliver. Costa this year, as I mentioned, had existing hardware, did not have new hardware in the capacity increase there. With the new hardware they're getting, it's going to provide us with a new vessel, give us an opportunity, again, for financial performance and return generation. We will be looking at overall capacity, though. It's July now, but we will be looking overall at capacity to see if we feel with all of that, we still need to make some other adjustments.

I think the opportunity is definitely to have unit cost reductions. The question is, is it worthwhile to reinvest that to create demand? And so that's the trade-off we'll be evaluating and assessing. But absolutely, it gives us the opportunity for unit cost reduction with the capacity increase, and either that goes to the bottom line or should be invested to drive yield.

I think, again, when we give guidance, we factor in a whole lot of things. And even now with this guidance, we have half a year to go and things happen. And so even within this guidance, we are assuming some things are going to go wrong in the second half of the year. I think what happened in this -- and I know you're asking just about Europe, but we look at things holistically because there's so many moving parts. And what's happening right now is just a confluence of events. We've had them in the past, but we were able to overcome them. This year, the confluence kind of overwhelmed us. But we've had issues in other markets over the years, where you had a yield challenge where -- you guys worry about China one year, and another time it's the Caribbean and the stuff moves around. So yes, Europe definitely is weaker than it appeared at that time. But again, things -- some things get stronger, some things get weaker every year. And so in this case, it happens to be Europe, and we have to look at it and look ahead and see if we need to make other changes, look at the changes we're already making and whether that will accommodate us to help us drive towards what we're chasing, which is double-digit earnings growth and elevated return on invested capital.

Yes, thank you. Again, complex question. The reality is Cuba is gone for the foreseeable future, and so we didn't add in the plans for next year. And therefore, that higher-yielding itinerary is off the table. And companies like us and others will have to adapt and see what they can generate. Having said that, it was already the Caribbean. The ships are already stopping at another of the Caribbean islands. And so while the overall itinerary yields will potentially be less if we can't come up with creative ways to generate more onboard revenue or whatever, that -- the effect is the effect. It's a certain percent of capacity. And next year, who knows what percent it will be because some of those ships may move out of the Caribbean entirely. So yes, it could put some additional pressure, but the Caribbean has been a very strong market this year. Yields are up, occupancy is up. I mean, it has been a very strong market and even with the impact of Cuba.

But having said that, that's a [ deep build ] to manage the Caribbean right now. I mean looking into early -- it's early, but looking into 2020, bookings are very strong and it looks good.

We've looked at the model all the time because it's just part of managing the business. But the reality is, our model, over the last 5 years, you look at things like return on invested capital, common financial metrics, it has performed comparably: in some cases, better; in some cases, slightly not. But in any given year, a model could benefit more or less. For example, this year, we actually had less dependence on Cuba because of our portfolio than others, so the impact on our total business of Cuba, while it is an impact, is less than what was from other players. We have more activity in Europe than they do. So the impact in Europe for us is more dramatic than it is for them. And so those things move around, but overall, the model has delivered over the last 5 years. This year, we had modest growth plans in the first place as we're prepping for the capacity build coming over the next several years, and we feel strongly the model was going to deliver and the proof will be in the pudding. But in any given year, one can look slightly better than the other. But it's a portfolio, it's a portfolio approach and portfolio of brands and overall, it delivers.

It does make our yield story more complicated. But in the end, as you guys know, we're chasing earnings and the return on invested capital, but it absolutely makes the yield story more complicated.

I would like to point out to you guys on AIDA though -- I would like to point out on AIDA, just to make it clear. While that's a yield challenge this year and we revised some yield stuff, overall, AIDA is growing earnings. And as I said, it's one of the higher-performing brands that we have. And so we're very confident about it going forward, and I think the dynamics in the future, along with the actions that the brand team are taking and we're taking overall, is going to just enhance that performance. Go ahead, I am sorry, you had another comment.

No. I wouldn't -- Alaska is not getting worse or anything. Go ahead, David?

Yes. I don't know about the competitors in Alaska. I won't make any comment on that, but I can tell you about us. I mean, we [ feel very ] -- we have 18 ships in Alaska. We're doing our very, very well on Alaska. Alaska is a growth segment for us, a growth destination market for us. And so we don't feel there is a problem in Alaska. Now when you look at yields and you're just trying to track yield changes, yes, all those things come into play that -- we're growing and we're still making incremental money on the additional guests, but they come in at a lower total yield if they're not getting the hotel rooms and some of the other things that are associated with the land tours, so that can be a mix drag. But beyond that, overall, we're doing well on Alaska. Any other comments, David?

Right.

Overall, China is doing better and we've had yield increases and the business is better. So go ahead, David.

And it's actually just the Continental Europe part of the E.

Yes.

Okay. In terms of newbuilds, you're always going to build new ships because they are more cost efficient, you get economies of scale, they're more fuel efficient, they are just more efficient. So the question when it comes to capacity is how quickly are you going to divest lower-performing vessels? And that depends on how the market goes. So if we see persistence in market challenges and creating a demand to fill the ships, then we would accelerate capacity reduction on lower-yielding ships. But the new ships are the wrong place to go because those new ships are giving you your double-digit return on invested capital.

First of all, Vista is a very high-performing ship, which is why we have a significant impact from a few weeks of cancellation and some modified itineraries where we had to kind of take care of our guests in the right way, given the fact it was a little bit disruptive to their vacation plans. So this is a very high-performing ship. It's a mechanical issue that reduced the speed of the ship. It wasn't a safety issue, just reducing the speed of the ship. But reducing the speed forces a change in itineraries and you got to get it repaired. And so it's not unique to Vista. The particular equipment is on other ships, not just ours, but other companies. There have been other issues with other ships with the particular equipment involved. And obviously, we're addressing that with the manufacturer and being in front of it on other ships that have that same piece of equipment.

No. It's specific to Vista.

So leaving the unplanned, just the dry dock out of it, go ahead.

Right.

Again, it's early. We're not giving guidance yet for 2020. But clearly, we will be working towards that objective.

Depending what we do with the cost savings [ that, that would drive ]. So can you get there with as little as 1% yield improvement? The answer is yes, you could. Obviously, we'll be striving for yield above and beyond that. And so just the matrices we've shown you in the past, we've shown investors in the past, there is the capability to deliver double-digit earnings growth and increase return on invested capital. Obviously, we're going to be working to drive beyond all that and that can affect the combination of cost versus yield.

Capacity.

We'll have to see. We're not giving guidance yet. But the reality is with that kind of capacity growth, you definitely have a lot of cost improvement that you have available to you to either put to the bottom line or to reinvest. We already invest heavily in promotion, given the scale we have and whatnot. And we will continue to invest. But the practical reality, again, is, in the end, you're chasing a certain amount of reach and frequency and messaging, et cetera. You don't always have to ramp up proportionally to the increase in demand you need. How you message, sources of messaging the people, how you reach them, whether you're using PR versus paid media versus direct mail versus digital, on and on and on. And then leveraging our scale, affecting -- more effective media  buys because of our scale, et cetera. So there's a lot of dynamics there and we're focused on being cost effective. We're not afraid to invest. But at the same time, we expect to harvest some of the cost improvements from the capacity increase. And with that level of capacity increase, you have more opportunity.

I think the fact that there are other companies having more ships going to Alaska and getting more new to cruise to try to go to Alaska will absolutely play a role. I don't think there's been anything that's -- just from the tone of questions, it makes it sound like Alaska is weak or something, and that's just not the case. Again, you've got yield dynamics. But in the end, we're chasing earnings and return on invested capital. And so while Alaska, we would love to have higher yields in Alaska, even higher and we're going to work to do that, Alaska is a very strong market.

We're certainly going to work to try to beat what we have in guidance in Southern Europe. But we've given you our best projection at this point, is what's included in our guidance. It has been a challenging environment for some time and at periods of time, it gets even more challenging. And that's what we're facing now.

Me too. Thank you. We're going to work hard to work out better, thank you.

The question is capacity in Alaska next year, is it going to be up, down or flat? Is there any relief?

Welcome back, Robin.

No. I think, look, we welcome whenever Cuba is open for cruise travel again. That obvious, that's first thing. But the second thing is, our ships that we have are our ships that we have. We didn't change or concentrate a certain type of hardware to Cuba versus other. So it's the core of our Carnival fleet, core of our Holland America fleet, the core of our Seabourn fleet, and so it's our normal ships. Having said that, clearly, as I said, especially in the case of Carnival, the ships are ready in the Caribbean and they would stop at other ports in the Caribbean along with Cuba. Cuba was a draw. You were getting definitely guests who wanted to go to Cuba and that was a draw and it lifted yields and so on. But we don't see it as an overwhelming capacity shift or anything. But clearly, it introduces a factor that causes us to have to work harder to fill the ships at good pricing.
Only other comment I will make, Robin, is that the Caribbean has been very, very strong overall. So you don't want that to happen, but it happened in a strong destination market.
We'll take a couple of more questions. We're little over time. But I know we started 1 minute or 2 late, so couple of more questions, Keith.

Well, we see promotional activity all the time from other cruise lines, and I guess some of ours will occasionally do promotion as well. Have we seen a ramp-up in promotional activity related to the Cuba ships? And I guess the answer to that would be, yes, we have. But we've been holding price and doing well with that.

No. Absolutely. Whenever we can go back to Cuba, we absolutely will go back to Cuba. It's a great experience for guests. Obviously, there's lots of Cuban-Americans who want to connect with family, but more broadly for Americans. And then for the Cuban locals in terms of the impact for them, it is a big driver for the micro economy there, for the individual citizens of Cuba. So we would absolutely go back. We had great experiences for our guests and we welcome that opportunity.

It's a significant lost economic impact for Cuba, there's no question about it. All right, thank you very much everyone. I know we kept you a little long. Just know that, again, while we're disappointed having to revise guidance, very disappointed with the situation with Vista, our teams are working hard to mitigate all that. We are still working hard to beat last year's record earnings. We're still obviously generating great cash and so on. But more importantly, we feel we have a strong foundation, and with the actions we're taking and the actions that we are considering to take, and we'll eventually take some subset of those, we're confident we'll be well positioned for our objective of double-digit earnings growth and double-digit return -- growing  our double-digit return on invested capital over time. Thank you very much.