Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. First, I sincerely thank the 150,000 members of the Carnival family, who collectively work to offset numerous headwinds and still deliver memorable cruise experiences for our 13 million guests as well as another year of record adjusted earnings per share for our shareholders.
We achieved fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $0.62 per share; that's higher than the midpoint of our guidance by $0.14 per share. We ended the year with full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.40, which is a new record for adjusted EPS, 3% better than last year's historical high and broadly in line with our capacity growth, despite a plethora of negative events and circumstances. With that said, we were disappointed not to deliver the level of earnings growth we do plan to achieve over time. 
We believe our business is inherently capable of and we are working hard to ensure we are, in fact, doing even better. After 5 years of very strong adjusted earnings growth for our company, 2019 brought with it more than our fair share of challenges, including the abrupt regulatory change preventing travel to Cuba, geopolitical events in Arabian Gulf, Hurricane Dorian, a costly unscheduled dry dock and multiple shipyard delays, all of which necessitated the cancellation of cruises and in many instances, resulted in shorter booking windows, negatively impacting yields.
Even though these unusual events were outside our direct control, as always, we go above and beyond to accommodate our guests who are inconvenienced, providing them with generous credits towards their next cruise purchase. In total, we estimate these unusual events cost the company approximately $0.23 per share. Now these events do have a tail effect going into 2020. And of course, the impact from these events was compounded by an unanticipated decline in consumer attitude, affecting leisure travel broadly in our Continental European source market, especially Germany. While quantifying the impact from macro conditions is always difficult, the decline in revenue yield for our Continental European brands was worth approximately $0.30 per share for fiscal 2019. Clearly, without this downturn, we would have achieved double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, even in the face of the higher number and scale of unusual events. Unfortunately, we do see a continuation of that environment in Continental Europe into 2020.
As a global company, with nearly 50% of our guest source from outside the U.S., we are subject to uneven economies around the world. We have a large percentage of our portfolio weighted in regions that are currently challenged, and this will remain a headwind in 2020. In Germany, we carry more than half of all cruise guests. AIDA outperformed overall in that travel market with revenue up mid-teens last year compared to a decline for overall tour operator revenue over the same period.
Looking forward, AIDA is entering a period of slower cruise industry supply growth in Germany, beginning in the second quarter. We expect capacity growth for our AIDA brand of just 5% next year, and that's down from 20% in 2019. That said, we expect yield challenges similar to 2019, given the ongoing headwinds, which are impacting the entire leisure travel category in Germany.
Despite that difficult environment, AIDA remains among the highest return on invested capital brands in our portfolio, and our team there has done an outstanding job growing demand for cruise, given the environment.
In Southern Europe, we have 13% capacity growth in the face of what is also a difficult travel environment. We've already taken actions to adapt to what is proving to be a persistent challenge there. These actions include changes to itineraries to optimize our performance by reducing exotic programs, replacing them with more convenient and affordable cruises closer to home, eliminating the costly air component.
As previously announced, we also implemented an action plan to accelerate demand and rightsize capacity sourced from Southern Europe by removing 2 ships from the Costa Europe fleet for fiscal 2020 followed by a third in 2021. The capacity of these 3 smaller ships will be somewhat offset by the delivery of the much more efficient Costa Smeralda. Smeralda is the first new ship delivered for Costa in Europe in 5 years and has been well received by the market. By accelerating our long-term strategy to replace existing capacity with larger and more-efficient vessels, we can improve return on invested capital for Costa over time.
In the U.K., our brands have also outperformed the overall leisure travel market and have grown revenue yields and profits in 2019 despite the ongoing uncertainty around Brexit. In 2020, we are again experiencing strong demand, particularly for Iona, the first new ship for our U.K. brand in 5 years and the largest ever purpose-built ship for the U.K. Iona continues to book at a significant premium to our other U.K. ships on comparable cruises. Now this has been somewhat muted in our overall projected 2020 U.K. performance by an increasing overhang from Brexit, the previously announced close-in deployment changes due to the tensions in the Arabian Gulf and the planned but lengthy dry dock for the high-yielding Queen Mary 2.
Turning to North America. We're seeing a continuation of positive trends in 2020. The Caribbean remains strong in occupancy and in yield growth overall for our brands and will be even stronger without the continuing yield drag from future cruise credits and the regulatory change in Cuba. In Alaska, where yields remain high relative to other trades, the industry is in the process of absorbing the 10% capacity increase in 2020 on top of last year's 15% increase. While growing and profitable with our scale, Alaska remains a year-to-year yield growth challenge that we are working hard to address. We continue to focus on creating demand there, including some new approaches with our travel agent partners as well as new consumer communications efforts, specifically targeted for Alaska.
Concerning other trades. Our brands collectively are deploying a number of innovative guest offerings to further stimulate demand. We've conducted a deep-dive analysis of our marketing activities and spend to drive demand in all the countries and brands we operate. Now while we're pleased with our overall combined earned and purchased marketing share of voice, we found pockets of opportunity to increase marketing impressions to generate demand and support future yield growth. To that end, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, we've increased investments in media spend, leading into and including 2020 wave to support our brands and destinations around the world. We've also been successful in increasing our analytical rigor in marketing and in media spend to drive demand generation and to better balance brand support activities with price and promotion efforts.
On the guest experience side, we continue to deliver. Both our guest experience scores and our net promoter scores are towards the top end of prior ranges with many hitting new highs. We're stepping up investments in the guest experience even further through the new build schedule, which peaks this year in 2020, with 6 new ships entering service across 6 distinct markets: The aforementioned Costa Smeralda of Continental Europe and P&O Iona in the U.K. as well as Carnival Panorama, the first new ship homeported year-round for the Carnival brand on the West Coast in nearly 25 years, and Enchanted Princess, the second new ship delivered with Ocean Medallion. Towards the end of fiscal 2020, we will welcome Mardi Gras to Carnival Cruise Lines on the East Coast and Costa Firenze to Costa Asia.
We continue to roll out our most popular features on our existing fleet with significant reimaginations like the recently introduced Carnival Sunrise to be joined by Carnival Radiance in mid-2020. In the Princess fleet, the Ocean Medallion rollout continues with 5 ships already completed and 6 more to be completed in 2020. And to facilitate onboard revenue growth, the expansion of app-based technology across our other brands continues, including pre cruise purchases.
Concerning destination development, we have 2 major developments underway on Grand Bahama Island and a second destination on Half Moon Cay, complementing the 6 destinations we had already developed and are operating in the Caribbean. Importantly, we are elevating the guest experience without dramatically increasing operating costs. In fact, we achieved over $125 million of cost savings in 2019 through global sourcing, bringing the cumulative total to over $480 million. These efforts will continue in 2020. And of course, our highest responsibility and, therefore, top priorities are excellence in safety, environmental protection and compliance.
On the sustainability front, we achieved a 4% reduction in per unit fuel consumption in 2019, and we expect another 4% in 2020, which will bring the cumulative reduction in fuel consumption per ALBD to 35%. We continue to lead the industry in the development of environmentally friendly fuel solutions. We joined The Getting to Zero Coalition, an alliance of organizations across the maritime, energy, infrastructure and finance sectors, committed to accelerating the decarbonization of the international shipping industry.
Just this year, we delivered the first cruise ship to be solely powered by LNG, the most environmentally friendly fossil fuel. And just this month, delivered the second of the 11 LNG ships we ordered. We're also making significant investment in fuel cell technology and electrical energy storage capabilities. We announced the groundbreaking pilot on AIDAperla, the first lithium-ion battery storage system to power, albeit for a limited period of time, a cruise ship's propulsion and operation. And as early as 2021, AIDA cruises will be the world's first cruise company to test the use of fuel cells on a large passenger ship. The fuel cells will be powered by hydrogen derived from ethanol.
Now these will complement other industry-leading technology we have already deployed to reduce emissions, including cold ironing, that shore power which we have the capability for on over 40% of our fleet, and advance their quality systems already deployed on nearly 80% of our fleet. The investments we've made in advanced air quality systems also helps to mitigate increased costs, and we get benefit from any increase in spread and fuel types in the wake of IMO 2020.
Beyond carbon, we are focused on other areas concerning the environment, with the rollout of additional advanced wastewater treatment systems and food biodigesters. In addition, we're making considerable progress on our goal to significantly reduce single-use plastics. Moreover, as part of our environmental efforts, we have also partnered with Jean-Michel Cousteau, an ocean future society. Of course, we have much more work to do and our sustainability efforts remain at the forefront of our strategic goals.
So in summary, we fully appreciate that the supply growth in Continental Europe is not well timed, given the macro environment that has unfolded. We build 30-year assets, and we take decisions many years in advance fully aware that we can't time the economic cycle that we deliver them into. Accordingly, we assume every ship will see more than 1 recession in its 30-year life. I'd like to again acknowledge the successful efforts of our dedicated team members.
For a consumer company with a meaningful portion of its business exposed to significant macro headwinds, to deliver record adjusted earnings is a strong accomplishment, and I'm very proud of our team members and the phenomenal guest experiences they deliver every day. And importantly, over time, we are focused on measured capacity growth. After peaking at 6.6% in 2020, capacity growth flows to just under 5% in 2021. We've been accelerating ship sales with 2 more announced just this month, bringing the cumulative total to 30 ships in 14 years. In addition, we're working with the shipyard towards moderating the timing of new builds and at the same time, mitigate the risk of further delays in shipbuilding.
We're continuing to work to improve our performance in fiscal 2020 and beyond to make progress towards double-digit earnings growth. However, our adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.60 today reflect that it will likely take beyond 2020 to achieve that level of earnings growth, given the current environment in Europe and the relative weighting of European sourcing in our portfolio.
As we've shown in the past, we believe our cruise brands will continue to be recession-resilient, given the low penetration levels of crews, attractive value proposition and high satisfaction levels relative to land-based vacation alternatives.
Although there are multiple external impacts outside of our control, we are aggressively managing those levers we do control or at least can strongly influence: demand, supply and controlling costs. We're investing to stimulate demand through advertising, marketing and public relations efforts to maintain price discipline. For supply, we're working to moderate capacity additions and at the same time, accelerate less-efficient capacity leaving the fleet. And we are leveraging our scale to achieve efficiencies and the fund investments without a significant net increase in cost.
In the best interest of long-term shareholders, we are making disciplined decisions to optimize our performance in the short term, while leaving us best positioned to capture the full benefit of global travel and tourism growth over the long term.
With that, I'll turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.

Thanks, Felicia. Yes. Definitely, we have a bias towards discipline in pricing. And in Europe, again, I can't emphasize enough what a great job our team has done in Germany, given the environment that they have and how cost is responding as well to the persistent challenges they've had. So with all the moves we made with regards to itinerary planning and capacity movement, obviously, the teams are also doing quite a bit with the trade, and with marketing and using digital marketing and other things more effectively and refining our model with YODA, which is the revenue management tool. We have AIDAs adopting YODA and particularly to that Costa as we put additional revenue management talent on that. And so from a combination of things, again, they fill the ships, it's robust given the nature of the market there in terms of actual demand, we do have record bookings at peak capacity. And so in that regard, it is strong.

Yes. Yes, we said on the call, there is, what some people would probably call, a temporary overconcentration of supply in Alaska. But Alaska is premium price to Caribbean. So it is very profitable for us. And obviously, for others, which is why they're there. And we have also a little bit of a mix challenge because as we grow capacity, we can't grow the land portion as well, which naturally gives us a kind of a yield drag because, obviously, the excursion portion helps our overall yield performance in Alaska. But we've got very good initiatives in the key brands that are serving Alaska. We'll have to see how they play out. We're right before wave, but they have some tools and some great marketing techniques. We've revisit the digital aspect of our marketing and enhanced that already dramatically. We've seen some early results from that. So those are the things we're doing, but I don't want to make it sound like Alaska is a bad market, it's a great market. We make really good money there. The reason why capacity is going in is because it is a strong market with a lot of demand from guests. And we're doing everything to put us in position over time, grow yield there, along with growing the capacity.

Thank you, Felicia. Happy holidays to you.

Anything we would say now would be pure speculation and it just happened, and we'll just have to monitor consumer attitudes. What we do know historically is uncertainty definitely creates cautiousness. The greater the certainty, the less cautious they'll be. But having said that, it would be too early for us to make any additional comments.

You bet. And concerning [ yield ], it is pre wave. We have a number of initiatives in our guidance. We have not factored in dramatic shifts in consumer attitude, positive or negative. And that relates also to election time. We do know historically, elections can create uncertainty. And so in our guidance right now, we've just taken an approach that things will trend the way they are. But hopefully, with the investments we've made, perhaps, we've obviously made them intending to drive some change, but it's too early. Concerning, yes, bookings...

I would say, of all the ships that we have in the fleet are earning and those that are not are either about to be exited of their plans. And so the bulk of the fleet earns well. And -- go ahead, David.

Yes, age is a big driver.

Robin, nice try. But as you know, we don't give guidance going forward at this time. And we're pre wave, et cetera, and we just don't do it.

Right.

I'll have David give you the actual percentage.

While they look it up real quickly, what we've done is that we have the sourcing savings that we generate, and we choose to either pass something to bottom line and invest others. And we just, as I mentioned in my call notes, we've been very rigorous and getting more efficient, whether it's media spend, whether it's the digital buys, et cetera. So we've actually been able to increase our share of voice and without a direct correlated increase in costs. But yes, we are spending more.

I wouldn't call it cushion, but yes, we do include in our guidance for things that go wrong. And as you can see already this year, we're like barely a month into it, and a number of things have. So we always included in our guidance an expectation for unusual events. In '19, we had it included as well. And as you can see from all the results in '19 with the extraordinary number of unusual events and the heavy hit from Europe, which was unexpected, we missed original guidance net of currency by only $0.10, and so we do factor in because things happen.

Yes. First of all, just with open loop to put things in context, that's in port, you're talking 10% of what we use. And even with that, only a few ports have taken a hard position against open loop. So at this point, those positions are immaterial in terms of our earnings results. But more importantly than that, we feel strongly open loop is a real plus from an environmental standpoint as an advanced air quality system technology. And so we're doing the work to ensure that we educate ports around the world. So open loop is available for use. Even if it wasn't, which is not going to happen, but even if it wasn't, you're talking about 10% of the fuel use. And there are many ports that already have bought into the fact that open loop is excellent advance air quality approach.

So we're obviously in conversations with the yard, but when you have prototypes like we have with Smeralda, the situation is that historically, we've had occasional delays with prototypes. But we're with the yard, working with the yard and are in the process of negotiating what we need to do to ensure their future deliveries on time.

Not so much the slowing of ships being built. We do have capacity plans over time, that are going to be less capacity.

I think sourcing-wise, in terms of sourcing guests across all of our brands, I think it's about 50% source from...

Outside the U.S., right.

Yes. That's revenue. That's not -- yes. I was...

Right.

Generally speaking, there is settlements with the yard. Unfortunately, those go into our balance sheet, whatever they are, and so they don't show up in the income statement. So from a shareholder's standpoint, we're often able to balance the operating income hit through the overall value of the firm, but it doesn't show up in the income statement.

Yes. I'll give you an answer directly to your question, and then I think we want to just talk you through the capacity plans going forward for the next few years. I'll let David do that. But in general, we focus on earnings growth and return on invested capital. And so generally speaking, for us collectively as the corporation to get that, ultimately, we'll need a little yield growth given the capital we're employing to build these new ships. And so we don't necessarily need a lot of yield growth, but we do need yield growth to get to the level of earnings growth we'd like to have and to get the elevated return on invested capital that we know is inherently capable in our business model.
So with that in mind, if you look at Europe, again, what we've done in the guidance is simply projected the trends to continue. Now we're doing everything we can from a marketing standpoint, from a management standpoint, to try to deliver against that kind of an environment. If that environment changes, then clearly, it's a tailwind. If the environment worsens, obviously, would be a headwind to state the obvious. But I think over time, it's going to be a combination because there are cycles, as you know, that's going to be a combination of the macro environment and our continued ability, and for example, in the case of Costa, to replace the less-efficient capacity, which is what we're in the process of doing, and we have now accelerated that with much more efficient capacity, which in the case of Costa Smeralda, for example. And so that's the plan. We're accelerating that process for Costa, and we believe that's going to give us elevated over time return on invested capital and earnings growth.
In the case of AIDA, which is in a very strong market, it's already one of the highest return brands we have and have been able to absorb a substantial amount of capacity in what otherwise would be a down overall travel market, we feel very confident about AIDA's ability to perform in terms of growing earnings and ultimately growing return on invested capital, although they have a very high return on invested capital now. David, you might want to give the forward capacity comments?

Yes. And then with Alaska, also I just want to point out that over time, we've had periods in other markets where we've had a very overconcentration of supply. Banged against the wall, we'll settle out there. And as I said, we're growing profitably there. And we expect that to continue. And eventually, you'll probably see a little yield lift over time.

We continue to invest in our properties there. We're limited in total expansion just because of the nature of Alaska. But we are very happy. We have our joint venture with -- in Skagway, for example, with the railroad. So we look for ways to expand our offerings that would overall help drive yield and additional profits. But it won't be able to grow at the rate that we've grown overall capacity there.

Yes. It's itinerary plan. It's definitely not the 10% of ports or whatever, it's definitely not that. It's simply refining that itinerary plan.

I wouldn't speculate -- every situation is different. But what I would tell you is that over time, obviously, we're in the travel business. And we expect travel over time to continue to grow. At any point in time, there could be pockets of consumer confidence, crisis or decline in travel, et cetera, and that happens periodically. And as I said on the notes, we plan ahead. In this particular case, we planned ahead, and we walked right into a sudden turn in the market that have been robust for many, many years. And it's still a robust travel market. It's just that a decline versus continuing to grow as an overall travel market.
It will pass through at some point. Meanwhile, we have to adapt. And again, I just can't say enough about our people in terms of their ability to continue to produce results in that environment. And so we wouldn't speculate on when it will turn in, in our guidance. We just assume the trends will continue.

On the other hand, when it does turn, we're well positioned to take advantage of it.

Once again, for us, China is a very small percent of our capacity today. We're really focused on our joint venture. We're very pleased with our partners there and the progress with that and are looking forward to the first new build in China in 2023. But in terms of the market itself, we had a good year in China this year. The team's done a great job. The Costa Venezia is performing very well with all the other ships there. And so we're looking for a good year in China next year.
In terms of the charter model and all that, we continue to get more and more so-called kind of direct business and -- but we are very pleased also with our charter partners in China.
Thank you, everyone. Happy holidays. Very much appreciate your continued interest in the company. And be assured that we're looking forward to working hard to continuously elevate our performance. Thank you.