Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the year of unprecedented macro challenges, I'm pleased to report that Cadence achieved outstanding financial results for both the fourth quarter and 2020.  
For the year, we achieved 15% revenue growth and 35% on GAAP operating margin with strength across the board and all segments growing by double digit. In a moment, John will present more information for Q4 results and our 2021 outlook. The acceleration of digitization due to the pandemic, coupled with exciting generational trends like 5G, AI, ML, data analytics and hyperscale computing, continue to drive strong semiconductor demand.  
Leading hyperscaler, global AI companies continue to aggressively pursue more slow. While 5G, wireless, industrial and automotive verticals are leading the charge on the more than most front. Our intelligent system design strategy triples our aim, and our broad compelling portfolio of chip, package, board and system design solution uniquely positions us to realize these exciting opportunities.  
In 2020, we accelerated our momentum and marquee accounts, while expanding our system portfolio through compelling acquisitions, enabling us to win new customers in our targeted vertical segments. Of particular note was the strength of our aerospace and defense business as the digital transformation in this vertical continues. And we expanded and deepened our leadership ship with Northrop Grumman, which includes the use of our custom analog and digital full flow.  
Additionally, we are especially excited by the momentum we have with the hyperscalers as they are accelerating their chip and system design activity.  
Our engagements with the system companies have steadily risen over the past few years, and revenue from system companies is now closer to 45% of our total revenue. It was a great year for our Cadence Cloud, which now has more than 175 customers. And we further strengthened our partnership with cloud infrastructure and foundry partners.  
Now let us review Q4 highlights. Design excellence is a foundational layer of our strategy and includes our core EDA chip design platforms and IP portfolio. Our design -- our digital signoff solutions, offering superior quality of results and faster convergence continued proliferating at market-shaping  customers. We engage in well over 100 projects at 5-nanometer and below process technologies, and we are in earlier collaborations under 2-nanometer nodes. Deployment of our full flow accelerated as more than 45 customers adopted our Cadence digital full flow at the most advanced nodes during the year, including MediaTek, Samsung, Micron, Nuvia and a global marquee customer. Based on the superior quality of results, the market-shaping hyperscaler significantly increased the usage of our digital solution.  Earlier in the year, a market-shaping automotive semiconductor customer committed to Cadence as its primary EDA vendor for digital design.  
Customers are faced with bounding challenges in system verification and software bring-up and is benefiting from our verification full flow solutions that deliver industry-leading verification throughput. Momentum continued on Xcelium, our digital simulator, with several competitive replacements underway as well as expansion and new customer wins. Our hardware family of Palladium or Emulation and Protium for regressions and earlier software development had a strong quarter to finish our best ever year for hardware.  
For the year, Palladium Z1 had 24 new customers and 34 expansions, while Protium had 13 new customers and 14 expansion. Demand was particularly strong at AI and hyperscaler customers. Ericsson renewed their commitment to Cadence verification hardware, including both Palladium and Protium. A unique differentiator of the Protium X1 is the common front-end compiler with the Palladium Z1 that enables significant faster bring-up. And about 40% of our hardware business during the year included both Z1 and X1.  
Our IP business had a strong year as our focused strategy and a compelling portfolio leverage on the ongoing IP outsourcing trend. We continue expanding the footprint of our leadership DDR and PCIe IP and have several design wins at a 5-nanometer and lower process nodes.  
High-speed SerDes is a critical component of hyperscaler infrastructure and several customers had adopted our 112-gig SerDes IP, including [ Xsight Labs ] who has also demonstrated working silicon. Tensilica has strong loyalties and significant wins as a key true wireless studio and mobile application processor customers. Additionally, the automotive segment had a strong -- have a good momentum which wins in functional safety, radar and digital radio, including an ADAS win, a leading self-driving car company.  
In system innovation, we are very excited about our system design and analysis segment, which had a particular strong year with greater than 25% revenue growth. Rising system complexity for advanced 5G, automotive and HPC applications is driving the need for a seamless platform solution across design, simulation and analysis. AWR and Integrand delivered strong great results in 2020, and there is a strong customer interest in our integrated Virtuoso, Innovus, Allegro and AWR microwave office solutions with in-design analysis.  
In system analysis, we are executing to our strategy of building out our multi-physics portfolio, offering best-in-class solutions and delivering superior results compared to legacy industry solutions. Strong market adoption continue for our system analysis products. And we are particularly pleased with the growing number of repeat orders with customers, including STMicroelectronics, Realtek and a market-shaping hyperscaler. We triple our system analysis TAM by adding computational fluid dynamic, CFD technology, through the pending NUMECA acquisition, which will bring leading CFD technology and deep domain expertise of Dr. Charles Hirsch and his team for Cadence. NUMECA has over 450 customers, including NASA, Honda and Ford across multiple verticals such as aerospace, automotive, industrial and marine.  
For pervasive intelligence, we continue to incorporate machine learning technologies in various tools for improved PPA and faster convergence. Xcelium ML has a successful engagement with several market-shaping customers, delivering up to 5x improvement in regressions throughput. We also progressed on providing IP specifically tuned for AI machine learning applications, especially edge influencing applications.  
Cadence continues to invest in fostering innovation and advancing education through endowments at top universities. Building upon previous endowments at Stanford, the University of California at Berkeley and Carnegie Mellon University, we announced a $5 million endowment at MIT Schwarzman College of Computing to promote research in the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning and data analytics.  
Now I will turn it over to John to go over the Q4 results and present our 2021 outlook.

Yes, Mitch, maybe I can answer the first question first about the system company, and then we provide this end-to-end EDA portfolio. And also with our intelligent system design, we are moving up into the system analysis and area and also the packaging side, and then as you can tell, this generation wave in the 5G and also the hyperscale and then autonomous driving. And really, the system company is starting to engage quite actively with us because we're providing a suite of solutions that they're looking for. 
So I think it's kind of accumulation of the last 12 years, continue working on it. So we are delighted, we're now getting closer to the 45% of the revenue. And for them, clearly, the system, the packaging, not just the silicon development is critical for them that we can provide an integrated solution for them so that they can design a complex system that they're looking for. 
And so we are excited about this opportunity and our strategy investing and behind it. And so we are glad to see the performance.

What will...

Yes, more than that I think we also have all these hyperscale guys and then some of the system company service provider. They are quietly also building up semiconductor custom silicon design, and so our entire suite from the design excellence from the EDA, IP and then plus our system analysis, plus upon acquisition we make in AWR and Integrand, we're providing a lot of system for the 5G and also the industrial group.

Yes. Let me answer that. This is Lip-Bu. So clearly, APAC is a strong growth region for us. And then we've done well in China on Q3 and Q4. And then as you know, China is heavily investing in semiconductor industry. So in some way, we have a broad portfolio of EDA tool, IP and even the system analysis and some of the packaging and then the treated packaging, and it become critical for them. And second, overall, we support their customer globally. And then China especially strong, and we continue to comply with the other export control requirements. But meanwhile, so far, knock on wood, we see strong momentum over there.

Yes. So I think it's a good question. IP tend to be lumpy. But so far, we like this IP outsourcing trend. And we have a strong portfolio in terms of DDR, PCIe and also the SerDes is a must-have for the hyperscale and also some of the Tensilica in terms of audio and also the automotive sector. 
So overall, we are delighted last year is a strong year. But as you know, it's a very lumpy upfront. And so we will continue to focus on that.

Anirudh, do you want to take this one?

Yes. We don't have a breakdown on that. But clearly, we are very excited in our customer. It's -- clearly, our solution provides the flexibility and also different use model and either it's Cadence-managed. And so overall, we're providing EDA software and Palladium platform. 
The most important is providing the productivity and scalability. So I think overall, we are excited of 175 customers. We didn't break down in terms of semiconductor or system company. But overall, both are strong for us.

Yes. On the second question, let me describe. I think it's kind of exciting about this renaissance of semiconductor, with the 5 generation waves happening at the same time, AI, machine learning, all about data, data analytics, 5G and then the cloud infrastructure had to change because all this massive data coming in and then how do you address that network scaling and then storage is aggregation. 
So it's a lot of changes to infrastructure and there's a lot of fueling, a lot of design activity. So that's why we see a lot of design activity, not just from the semiconductor players. Now the system player and then the whole Industry 4.0, they all move into AI, machine learning, the digital transformation that drive a lot of semiconductor. So overall, the industry is moving in the right direction to us. 
And then meanwhile, I think, clearly, Cadence's Intelligent System Design strategy really tie in really well from the design excellence, providing the tool in IP. Now we move to the next level of system innovation that Anirudh talked about the system analysis and the CFD and the physics or multi-physics model. Then the next thing is move up into the Pervasive intelligence that's using AI machine learning, data analytics, drive all the vertical industry, that is major transformation going on. So I think we are well positioned to capture that opportunity.

Yes, very good question. This is still at a very early stage. We are very encouraged with the 175 customers. And clearly, we want to make sure that our initial product in terms of system analysis, we can be cloud-native because we start from scratch. And then some of the EDA tool, we have different stage of moving to cloud-native. And then, really, the holy grail is basically drive the productivity efficiency for our customers. 
And then our partnership with the hyperscale partners and infrastructure partners and also the foundry partners are critical in this effort. And so right now, we have across small, medium, large customer embracing on cloud. And truly, I think, if you can imagine we have the unlimited usage of machine server at your exposure and then so that you can really drive the performance, the productivity significantly. So I think that is a trend. 
We are just in the beginning early stage, but we are very encouraged with the customer support. In order to continue to grow, clearly, our partnership with the hyperscale partners and also the foundry partners are critical because of the PDK or the different solution they have. We want to make sure that we work with them together and support our customer and also addressing the need of customers.

Yes, it's a very good question. And so I think we are very well positioned to be able to do both. And then clearly, the hyperscale, mobile, they are driving a lot into the Moore's Law. And as I mentioned that we are very delighted. We have more than 100 projects on 5-nanometer and below process node development with our customers. And we have earlier collaborations on 2-nanometer process. 
So I think this is a very advanced and we're delighted, and we are very honored to work with the marquee customers. They are pushing the envelope, and we are really excited about that development. 
On the other hand, we are so well positioned in our custom mixed-signal, analog and packaging. Like the 5G, the wireless industrial group, they are really moving into this mixed-signal and, clearly, the most and more. And so that we are very well positioned, and we doubled down with some of this AWR and then the Integrand acquisition driving some of the RF microwave requirement, especially in the antenna side of some of these 5G integrations. And then we have really good solution for that, and customers see the benefit of working with us. 
So I think we are very well positioned on both side. That's why we highlight that from our portfolio point of view, and both engines are really taking off, and we are very excited, engaging with all the best company to work with us.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm very excited about the growing market opportunities and business momentum going into 2021. 
Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded auto addressable market. 
We excelled in the challenging year, thanks to the deep partnership with our customers and our partners and the strong commitment of the outstanding Cadence team. 
And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors,  we give heartfelt thanks to those on the front lines who continue to work tirelessly in their effort to put this pandemic behind us. 
Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.