Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that broad-based customer demand across our core EDA, hardware and IP product lines enabled Cadence to achieve excellent operating results and financial performance in the third quarter.
We live in data-driven world that is propelled by key technology waves such as cloud data center, 5G and machine learning. AI machine learning fueled by big data and sophisticated data analytics algorithm, along with the most domain-specific accelerators, is transforming many industries, including transportation, health care and manufacturing. All of this lead to increasing demand for high-performance compute, high-speed connectivity and dense storage, which in turn drives strong design activity and broad demand of our innovative System Design Enablement solutions.
Our SDE strategy continues to open up new growth opportunities as we expanded -- expand our forecast beyond semiconductors to systems and customer in newer verticals. As a result of these factors, we are increasing our outlook for the year. John will say more on this in a moment.
I will now review the Q3 highlights starting with IP business. Our IP business had a strong quarter with double-digit growth, driven by increasing royalties for Tensilica and robust demand for our memory products. Additionally, we launched 2 important new IP products. First, earlier today, we announced the industry-first silicon-proven, long-reach 112G SerDes IP in 7-nm technology. This innovative SerDes technology, based on nusemi acquisition, is essential to enable next-generation cloud connectivity to most to 200 GB and beyond in the hyperscale data center. We have been working closely with earlier adopting customers and are already taking orders as we begin to engage broadly with consumers. Along with our leading DDR and PCIe solutions, we now offer the most compelling portfolio of essential IPs for the hyperscale data center.
Second, we also significantly enhanced the Tensilica product line with the DNA 100 processor, which is a deep neural network accelerator. Its innovative architecture enables the DNA 100 to deliver leading performance and power efficiency, while scaling across a broad range of compute needs. The DNA 100 is ideal for embedded inferencing applications where latency and link or connectivity may be an issue such as surveillance, drones, AR/VR and automotive sensor fusion.
Next, I will discuss highlights of our System Design and Verification solutions. The Cadence Verification suite had another strong quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth of 9%. Palladium Z1 also had a strong quarter as demand for increasing hardware capacity continues. Two customers significantly expanded their installation of Palladium Z1, and overall, we added 5 new logos. Our new Palladium Cloud offering, which provides on-demand cloud-based emulation capacity, is ramping up nicely and contributed meaningfully to orders in Q3. Adoption of our Xcelium simulator continues to grow as we added several new customers, including a large commitment to our technology from a market-shaping customer.
Digital and signoff continues to perform well, with revenue up 9% year-over-year. Proliferation of our digital and signoff solutions continue with existing market-shaping customers as well as wins with the new customers. We added 19 new logos in Q3 for our digital and signoff products. Customers tape out more than a dozen 7-nm designs in Q3 using Innovus.
In total, more than 50 customers are using Innovus for implementations at the 7-nm node. We are actively engaged with very early adopter customers on their 5-nm designs and have started work with partners to get ready for 3-nm. We won 4 Partners of the Year awards at the TSMC Open Innovation Platform, including on 5-nm design infrastructure collaborations.
Last quarter, we introduced Cadence Cloud in collaboration with major cloud industry players, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. Our offerings have already been deployed in production with customers, and interest in using cloud for semiconductor design is growing. We are pleased with the customer receptions and have a healthy pipeline of opportunities.
In October, Cadence collaborated with TSMC to launch their virtual design environment. Cadence Cloud was certified as a storefront for mutual customers desiring to develop SoC using TSMC IP in the cloud. The endorsement is further evidence of the growing interest in using the cloud for semiconductor and electronic system design.
Now before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize comments. Cadence achieved excellent results through consistent execution of our System Design Enablement strategy across our core EDA, IP and hardware businesses. IP had an excellent quarter, and we announced 2 new exciting new IP products. Important market-shaping customers expanded their use of both the software- and hardware-based products in our Verification Suite. And our digital signoff solution continued to proliferate with market-shaping customers, and we are deeply engaged with customers and partners on 5-nm and 3-nm development.
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.

Yes. So I think you have 2 questions. Let me answer the first one. So first of all, last quarter, we introduced the Cadence Cloud with collaboration with Amazon, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. And we are very delighted that right now the -- our offering are already deployed in production by customers. Interest using the cloud for design is growing. We are very excited about the customer reception, and we have a healthy pipeline opportunity. And I just have to say that we are in the very beginning of the inning for the baseball. Right now in the World Series now. So we are -- it is still in the beginning of the inning. And then early October, we are delighted to collaborating with TSMC, launched their virtual design environment. And as you know, the -- moving to the cloud, foundry partners is important so they make sure that their IP are also in the cloud, the TSMC cloud offering so that now their customer can use that and using our tool in the cloud for developing the SoC. This is very exciting. So overall, we're excited about the opportunity but in the very beginning of the inning.

Yes. I don't think we've disclosed the memory IC percentage of our revenue. But I think, clearly in this data-driven world, it's all about big data and then also how to do the data analytics beside the compute because the workloads have changed. So I think this memory and in-circuit memory, some of this application became very critical. So we have a very strong footprint with the memory IC player, and we are delighted to work closely with them for their next-generation design. And then some of this, as you know, the NVMe, non-volatile memory side is taking off in the hyperscale side. And also, all -- it's all about data. I mean, from the IoT to the edge to the automotive driving, the ADAS and all the different IoT for the Industry 4.0, data become very essential. And then how to address the latency and the speed of time to get the data and then able to make some intelligent decision, both are critical. So I think there's a lot of disruptive innovation R&D he is working on. And we are very well-positioned with the memory key players and we're delighted on the tool and IP front to work closely and close collaborating with them.

Sure. Mitch, let me answer the questions on the environment. And so clearly, the design activity is quite healthy and basically driven by a couple of things that I mentioned earlier. The data-driven and with the big data and the machine learning, deep learning that you know using the big data and then do the data analytics and then also kind of moving towards this, I call it, domain-specific application. That's very broad application to the very multiple industry from transportation to health care, drug discovery, manufacturing and of course, the automotive-related area. So I think, these are driving more and stronger design activity from the big companies and also the small company from the service provider. They want to optimize and differentiate their service, so they are starting to quietly building up silicon development. So we are embracing and partnering, collaborating with them deeply and of course, our SDE strategy starting to really play big time in terms of addressing some of this new growth opportunity so that we can really focus in helping the customer to design that. So I think, overall answer your question, all these are driving the design activity. We see a very a nice increase on the -- our collaboration with our customers.

Yes. First of all, I think, Monika, as you know that we don't provide guidance for next year. Wait for January and we will provide that. John?

Can you repeat your question again? I missed the first part.

Yes. I think it's a very important topic in that the tariff landscape is very fluid and very difficult to predict. With our guidance, it's everything we know and also reasonably estimate. Clearly, we watch that very carefully. Overall, I know we have done well in China. And then China is a very growing opportunity for us, and we have a big team over there to support our customers. At the end of the day, I think we are just very laser-focused on supporting our customers globally in their design activity.

Yes. So let me answer the first question, and then John can answer the second question. So on the first question, as I mentioned earlier, this is kind of an early inning. And -- but we are very excited with the customer receptions, and also, we have healthy pipeline of opportunity. And then clearly, our partner with industry leader in the hyperscale cloud have been really very good, and we are very happy with the collaborations. And then clearly, if you look at from the design point of view, if they can partition and then over the multiple unlimited server the cloud infrastructure offer, clearly, the PPA runtime improvement is substantial. And we already see that and benefit on that, and the customer see that. And so in some way, we can make the faster and better performance for the customer. And so I think stay tuned. We're going to continue to drive that, especially with the TSMC virtual design platform and using our tool and also their IP in the cloud, that can be very exciting. And we're going to do that also for other foundry partners so they make it available to our customers. Whichever way they're pegged on the hyperscale, whichever they're pegged on the foundry, we will be there to support them and our tool will be optimized for their solution design.

Yes. I don't think we have breakdown on the percentage of customer from China domestic customer. But clearly, we are engaging quite heavily. Our philosophy is to support the leading customer in their most complicated design globally, and then China is included. And there are some world-class companies from China. We're collaborating closely with them. There lie our true partnership trusted arrangement and then with the best design on the tool and IP. And so we're going to continue doing that and then, so far have been okay.

Yes. Let me start it first, Sterling, and a couple of things. One, clearly, the customer increasing the demand on the hardware capacity continues. We mentioned 2 large customers significantly expand their installation of Z1. Purely, the multiple factor but one of the key reasons is a lot of complex design. They need more capacity for verifications and talking about that, clearly, also driving our verification suite. And then we're delighted on the Xcelium side. We have one large commitment to our technology from a market-shaping customer. So I think, all in all, I think is a good quarter across hardware emulation Z1 and also Xcelium, and then we continue to drive large-scale design. This is a must-have, and they're able to scale. And then clearly, it's a good balance between the existing customer and also new logos that we highlight that we find new logos. The customers that are new customers to us, they see the benefit of the usage of Z1.

And then, Sterling, just to add on, I think, we've mentioned it is a broad-based EDA hardware and IP. And then, by the way, the digital and signoff had a wonderful quarter, 9% growth. And then we have mentioned about 12 -- more than 12, the 7-nm design win on the Q3. And then, clearly, we go deep into the 5-nm with our partners and customer, and then we are getting ready on the 3-nm, so continue driving the improvement on the various different tools. So it's very broad-based.

Yes, good question, Tom. And so far, the feedback is from our partnerships with some of the key customers, we don't see any delay in the design. Actually, they increased because there's a lot of new requirement they need. And I'll highlight the NVMe-related area and then the disaggregation of the storage that a hyperscale guy need. And so there's a lot of innovation in the new material that is happening and then -- so that you can really squeeze more bits into the memory cell. And so I think there's a lot of new development. We're heavily engaging with all the key players. We -- I think we don't see that delay.

Possible but hard to tell and -- but so far, we are more related to their design activity, and we see increase in their design activity. And memory is so essential on the whole big data and the whole AI machine learning, and then latency is -- that scale out of storage is significantly required because such a big massive data from autonomous driving, IoT to the edge and the requirement has significantly increased. So in some ways, put a lot of more pressure for the memory innovation, and that should be good for us.

Just to add on to what John is saying, I think, clearly, Jay, I think the customers are paying for the value that we provide, and then that's why we do a lot of innovations. The -- every year as you can see, 6 to 8 new product organically developed. And then clearly, it is driving the true performance and so that we can really focus on the value to the customer and then the -- running the PPA, the runtime. And then in the early days, now the last few years, we've been very focused on rewriting some of our tools on parallelism. And then the next step, we're using AI machine learning across, applying it to all our different tools and products so that we can drive better performance and throughput for the customer. And then lately, as you -- we highlighted to you, we're moving quite a bit into the cloud so that we can use the unlimited server to even partitioning appropriately to scale the performance and runtime. So I think, clearly, the customers are willing to pay for the value that we provide.

Just to add on John's descriptions, I think clearly, we're hiring more into the R&D and FAE side. And then the FAE, clearly, we want to make sure that we support our customers and then have a deep collaboration with them. On the R&D front, we see a great opportunity for further innovations, basically more into the data science and into the machine learning, deep learning and also some of the new tools that we have some new idea how to drive more success in terms of PPA and runtime to serve our customer better.

Yes. So I think, clearly, the design complexity has increased substantially, based on the various applications I just mentioned earlier, big data and data analytics. And so the capacity requirement, how to address the interconnect high-speed and also some of this memory scale out and all this are going to be critical and design for our tool, how to scale it and also some of the compact design, how to use the cloud to address some of this requirement. And then the other part is also in our emulation, hardware emulation. Clearly, we're developing the next generation. Too early to give you the guidance. I mean, so far, we're making good progress on the next products and then going to be continuing to increase the capacity to meet the customer. Same thing with our -- the FPGA prototyping. The -- stay tuned. We're going to have more announcement in terms of increasing the capacity and the scale out to provide the customer needs like the company like you mentioned earlier, NVIDIA. And any large scale design like massive parallelism and AI and machine learning application in some of the big infrastructure switch -- network switch related require great capacity increase. And also, developing the design is getting a lot more complex and also meanwhile, pushing into the 5- and 3-nm. So I think this is all exciting for us, and we work closely and listen very closely with the customer and collaborating with them and supporting them.

And so let me start. First of all, in closing, through continuous innovation and execution, our System Design Enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology waves and further proliferate our solution with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovation and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence.
And I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hard-working employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.