Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our business update conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
Of course, the thing on everyone's mind is when are we going to resume sailing here in the U.S. And while we're very disappointed with the April 2 additional guidance issued under the conditional sail order, all 30 of our ships in U.S. waters and that fall under the conditional sail order have achieved green status. And we are continuing to work with the CDC and the administration to find practical approaches to resuming cruising in a way that serves the best interest of public health.
Now it's been over a year since we paused our guest cruise operations, but we are on our way back, and we are coming back an even stronger company operationally. Throughout this pause, we have been positioning Carnival to return operations an even stronger company. We're emerging with an exciting roster of new ships across our brands to capitalize on pent-up demand. We are achieving significant cost efficiencies from the exit of less efficient ships, along with ongoing streamlining of shoreside operations relative to pre-COVID levels. And we've continued progress on our sustainability efforts with an emphasis on minimizing our carbon footprint.
We are excited that the majority of our 9 brands will resume sailing this summer, albeit on a limited basis. In fact, AIDA is already sailing from the Canary Islands, so overwhelmingly positive feedback from our German guests. For Southern Europe, following a voluntary pause, Costa will resume sailing with 2 ships beginning next month in May. For the U.K., P&O Cruises will have 2 ships, offering U.K. coastal cruising in June and August, including an inaugural sailing for the brand's new flagship, Iona. Cunard will have the first of its 3 ships sailing in July; and Princess is offering Summer Seacations out of the U.K. with 2 ships starting in July and August, respectively. And last but certainly not least, Seabourn, will offer ultra-luxury cruises and signature Seabourn Moments sailing from Greece this summer.
Again, as we have demonstrated, our portfolio of brands has clearly been an asset as we have announced resuming operations so far with 9 ships, representing 12% of our fleet. In addition, we are also opening our hotels and 2 operations in Alaska this summer. Our ownership of the vast majority of land-based infrastructure has been key to our leading presence in Alaskan cruising. Opening our hotels will also help support our long-time partners in Alaska who have been very strong advocates for our return to sailing.
We are focused on resuming operations as quickly as practical, while at the same time, demonstrating prudent stewardship of capital and doing so in a way that serves the best interest of public health. Our highest responsibility, and therefore, our top priority is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of our guests, of the people and the communities we touch and serve, and of course, of our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside.
We continue to be very encouraged about recent vaccine distribution and the positive progress that signals. Vaccines are a game-changer. They are another important tool, along with advancements in treatment therapies, contact tracing technology and affordable rapid testing. And while we will have a limited number of sailings carrying to those who have already received vaccines, our decisions about vaccines and all of our health protocols continue to be informed by our global medical and science experts and the requirements of the places we operate and visit.
We continue to work on securing the ability to resume cruising from U.S. ports in a manner consistent with the expected return of other forms of travel, leisure and entertainment activities. At the same time, we are, of course, working toward resuming operations in other parts of the world, including Australia and Asia. In fact, 59 of our 90 ships are outside the U.S. conditional sail order.
Meanwhile, despite minimal advertising, we've seen an acceleration in booking trends globally, with a near doubling in booking volumes during first quarter '21 compared to the previous quarter. We've also experienced significant latent demand upon opening new sailings this summer. In fact, P&O opened to a single biggest booking day in 7 years on the announcement of coastal sailings for its 2 ships this summer and generated significant buzz with nearly 1 billion media mentions so far.
Likewise, Cunard's Summer at Sea luxury U.K. voyages drove their biggest booking day in the U.K. in over a decade, while Princess had its second biggest booking day in the U.K. ever. The strong industrial demand has affirmed our confidence and indicates the potential for further pricing strength.
Over the last 14 months, agility has been a key strength. 2021 will clearly be a transition year. We expect the environment to remain dynamic over the next 12 months as we roll out our fleet while continuing to adapt to an ever-changing situation.
As expected, we are staggering the introduction of ships for each of our brands and we'll ramp up the number of vessels and the occupancy levels over time as destinations reopen and we gain further experience with our enhanced protocols. And each brand is coming back operationally stronger than before. While it will be some time before we return to prior capacity levels after accelerating the exit of less efficient ships, we have an exciting roster of new ships, which will be rolling out across each brand.
In fact, in conjunction with our return to service, nearly every brand will welcome a new ship by year-end. Now these exciting new ships are considerably more efficient, and they will drive even more enthusiasm, excitement and demand around our restart plans with both our brand loyalists and with new to cruise.
Beginning with our namesake brand, Carnival, introducing the new Mardi Gras, just in time to commemorate the upcoming 50-year anniversary of the original Mardi Gras. Now the new Mardi Gras promises not to disappoint the brand's reputation built on 50 years of fun. And even after 50 years, Carnival Cruise Line continues to innovate, this time with the first ever roller coaster at sea: BOLT. Mardi Gras also boasts restaurants from Emeril Lagasse, Guy Fieri and Shaquille O'Neal. The highly anticipated Mardi Gras was recently named best new cruise ship by USA TODAY for these exciting innovations, including its liquefied natural gas propulsion system, the first LNG cruise ship in North America, reflecting our ongoing commitment to improve our carbon footprint.
Also in North America, premium brand, Holland America, will introduce a new router dam, featuring its iconic music walk experience, including B.B. King's Blues Club, Rolling Stones' Rock Room and Lincoln Center Stage. Princess will introduce 2 new ships, both of which will feature MedallionClass as well for the very first time the entire Princess fleet. And Seabourn Venture will set a new standard in expedition cruising for ultra-luxury Seabourn with spectacular features, including 2 360-degree view, battery-powered submarines capable of taking guests to depths of 1,000 feet. Seabourn Venture will have a world-class expedition team of 26 staff who specialize in destination-specific geology, oceanography, marine biology, penguins and polar bears, among others. As exploring the underwater world of Antarctica at depths beyond 100 feet has only been done by a handful of people, Seabourn's guests will get to share in a true once-in-a-lifetime experience.
In the U.K., we welcome Iona, also powered by LNG with her inaugural sailing August 7. Our maiden voyage will indeed be special as she sails from England with coastal cruising to Scotland, including her namesake, the beautiful island of Iona. For Germany, we will introduce yet another environmentally-friendly LNG ship, AIDAcosma. For Southern Europe, Costa Toscana and Costa Firenze will replace the exit of several less efficient ships. Costa Toscana curated by Adam Tihany is Costa's second LNG ship and is a tribute to Tuscany. Costa Firenze's interior design is a celebration of the city of Florence. Costa Firenze has been recognized by RINA with Green Star 3 for excellence and environmental performance.
Of course, we will also achieve a structural benefit to unit costs as we deliver these new, larger, more efficient ships. In addition, we will further benefit from the 19 ships leaving the fleet, which are among our least efficient ships. In fact, 17 of the 19 ships have already left the fleet. The combination of all of that will generate a 4% reduction in ship level unit costs and a 3% reduction in unit fuel consumption going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line. We also continue our efforts to rightsize our shoreside operations and find efficiencies across our existing fleet to reduce our costs further.
Importantly, during this pause, we have made continuous improvements in the environmental, social and governance areas. Now while we've made significant progress on many fronts, we continue to focus on the important issue of carbon intensity. For more than a decade, we've demonstrated our commitment to reducing our carbon footprint through the development of more efficient new ships through the disposal of older less efficient ships and through our ongoing investments and efficiency enhancements for the existing fleet, which have averaged $70 million annually, and through our results. Despite fleet-wide capacity growth of 25% from 2011 to 2019, our absolute carbon emissions peaked in 2011, and we delivered a more than 30% reduction in our carbon intensity since 2005.
We also lead the industry in the development of shore power. Over 40% of our fleet is capable of plugging in well in port, enabling power for more sustainable sources. To date, only 16 of the more than 700 ports we visit worldwide offer this shore power capability. But we are working with our port partners to increase availability as demonstrated by our recently announced plans with Mayor Cava and the Port of Miami.
And we lead the industry in development of and continue improvements in advanced air quality systems. Currently, 78 of our 90 ships have been fitted with these systems. As a result, these ships achieved lower sulfur emissions and the same or lower nitrous in particular matter as ships operating on marine gas oil, or MGO, while avoiding the carbon impact from the additional refining needed for MGO.
Through our research and development efforts, we have aggressively implemented new technologies, such as the aforementioned development of ships power by LNG, the most environmentally friendly fossil fuel. A clear demonstration of our level of commitment was shown when we made the decision to build these ships, even though at the time the decisions were made, the infrastructure for LNG was not yet in place. We then partnered with Shell to develop the supply chain to support LNG operations. We now have 11 LNG ships either currently in the fleet or under construction, representing nearly 20% of our overall fleet capacity.
The utilization of LNG is a positive step for the environment, but it is not the ultimate solution. Our goal is to eventually achieve net zero emissions. To get there over time, we are aggressively looking at other options like advanced lithium-ion battery technologies and fuel cell technologies.
Moreover, we have also advanced our efforts on social responsibility and governance. For example, half of our operating companies are now led by women executives, reflecting our commitment to diversity and inclusion. Also upon resuming operations, an even greater portion of executive pay will be tied to health, environment, safety, security and sustainability performance.
Turning to our financial objectives. First and foremost is to maximize cash generation. While we have secured the liquidity to sustain us well into 2022 even with 0 revenue, our cash flow, once we return to full operations, will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. Now we've lowered our capacity growth to roughly 2.5% compound annually through 2025. We structurally reduced costs. We're working to lower interest costs, and we are working aggressively to return our fleet to guest operations as quickly as practical and still serving the best interest of public health.
With the aggressive actions we've already taken managing the balance sheet and reducing capacity, we are well positioned to capitalize on pent-up demand and to emerge a leaner, more efficient company, reinforcing our industry-leading position.
Throughout these challenging times, we have received overwhelming support. So again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our dedicated members of the Carnival family, shipboard and shoreside. Thank you to our travel agent partners, and thank you to our other many stakeholders for their ongoing support. And of course, especially, thank you to our investors for their continued confidence in us and in our future. We can't wait to welcome everyone back on board.
With that, I will turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call to questions.

Yes, Steve. I think, first of all, just a couple of things. Princess has announced some sailings from the U.K., some limited sailings from the U.K. But you're correct, we haven't announced sailings just for Princess or Carnival. We have announced for Seabourn sailings out of Greece as an example.
So look, the bottom line is this: we are in dialogue with CDC and with the administration. We stand with everybody and trying to make certain that we all contain this virus. And public health is paramount here. So we -- we're in all that. But as released on April 2, that is not necessarily a workable or practical solution. And so we're in dialogue to try to come up with that. So we want to share the optimism that we can be sailing in July. And I think by working together, we can all make that happen.
In terms of whether we would consider sailing or home porting out of the Caribbean, Carnival is really America's original cruise liners, America's line. We sail more people than anybody else from America and more kids and all that. And part of it is the drive to market capabilities, access for people. So they have 14 home ports here in the U.S. Nobody else has anything like that for Carnival. We prefer to get the people who are working in the ports, all the people who depend on the cruise industry for their livelihood, obviously, we prefer -- and I'm sure the other companies were too, we prefer to have those jobs and all that stuff be here. But if we're unable to sail, then obviously we will consider home porting elsewhere. I hope I answered your question, Steve.

Robin, there's a lot in your question. I think the conversation around negotiating with ports and local authorities, depending on the specificity and the criteria involved in all that, we do that [ specifically ]. For example, we've sailed overseas -- the industry has sailed, I think, almost 400,000 guests so far overseas. And to do that, we have to have arrangements with all those places and destinations we go. And so that unto itself, depending again on the criteria established and the paperwork involved that may not be so burdensome because we need to have an understanding.
Keep in mind when all this started, people were concerned about ICU units being overwhelmed and so on. And fortunately, that hasn't happened with the advent of vaccines, with the advancement in treatments, with more rapid testing, more readily available testing. With all of that, it appears well on a trend and a trajectory where that is no longer at a big risk. Having said that, of course, we want to be having a prearranged agreement with what are we going to do if there's a case on board. Because if it's in the community, there's a chance of it being onboard.
The specific solutions you're referring to in terms of everybody's vaccinated and so on and so forth, we'll have to see how that evolves. We continue to be informed by global medical and science experts. Of course, we're going to be in compliance with whatever the protocols are regulated wherever we go. Of course, we're going to do that.
But as you know, today, everybody doesn't have access to vaccines. Children are not yet really eligible for vaccines. Hopefully, that'll change over time. hopefully, the availability of the vaccine so everyone will have access will also change over time. And we would encourage everyone to be vaccinated. We would. Today, we can't buy vaccines to do anything. So we just have to let this play out. And keep in mind, we are currently sailing without any major incident, without anybody being vaccinated and a number with protocols in place. And so you're hoping that the combination will result in -- the combination of vaccinations and other protocols will result in a situation where the public health interest is being served, and we don't have to go through a very burdensome and almost unworkable situation.
The key thing is mitigating risk. We can't be -- prefer not to be -- hopefully won't be asked to stand up to a 0 risk standard because, frankly, no where else in society is that being considered. We just like to be treated similar to the rest of travel and entertainment and tourism sector. And so if we do that, we'll be fine.
An interesting point is today, you can fly out of the U.S. Today, you can fly out of U.S., take a cruise and fly back into the U.S., whether you're vaccinated or not. And today, if you're vaccinated, you can't take a cruise ship from the U.S. And so we've got a little work to do here, but we stand with the CDC. We stand with the administration and working together to come up with practical solutions that protect the public health but allow 0.5 million-plus people in the U.S. that are dependent on the cruise industry for jobs to be able to get back to work and give people the vacation experience of their choice. Thank you.

Thank you. Our biggest constraint right now, of course, is being able to ramp up with crew. And so it will take us minimum 60 up to 90 days to be able to get a crew on board, trained up with new protocols, et cetera, to be able to execute a sailing. So you can backtrack from that in terms of when we'd be able to go with an announcement. And so that's the biggest challenge we have is ramping. But we do have the opportunity from a demand standpoint, assuming we have the crew available and ready to go and trained up that we can do closer in announcements on itineraries and sailings because the demand is there.

Well, I would say, first of all, we would encourage everyone to get a vaccine if available is -- today, that combined with other basic simple measures you can take is your best defense, I guess, of getting COVID and certainly your best defense against having any serious effects if you do get COVID. And so we would encourage everyone to get a vaccine.
Having said that, of course, people have the individual personal liberties, et cetera, to my knowledge, and we're involved in the World Travel and Tourism Council, we're involved in U.S. travel group, et cetera. To my knowledge, there is no country -- major country today that is mandating vaccines for travel. And so the option is vaccines or testing or whatever. And so that's my understanding today.
There, as you can see, as we go about the society of today, whether it's restaurants or entertainment venues, some of the sports teams are opening up where they're taking guests in, there's not a mandate for vaccinations. Then some places in the world is not even legal to mandate vaccinations or anything. So there's a lot of complication in all of that.
Having said that, as I said before, we'll be informed by the global experts, the medical experts to scientists. And of course, we will follow whatever the protocols are that -- are regulated and in place wherever we go. We will have to follow those. And you're right, there are a lot of people who don't feel -- even they are willing to take the vaccine, they don't want to be mandated to take it, and people do have that personal freedom, perception and orientation.
So we want to encourage people to take the vaccine. And then what our ultimate policies will be, we'll have that evolve and see. In the U.K., we have some -- we've announced some of the sailings in the U.K. We just announced one in Seabourn where it's available to people who have vaccinations, but we do not have a company or brand policies right now around vaccinations. And we're going to allow that to play out in line of with what makes the most sense. Does that answer your question?

Okay. And one other comment in fairness to people on the vaccines, too, I just have to make is that, as I said, and I'll repeat it. But everybody doesn't have access to vaccines today. Hopefully, that will change and hopefully, it will change very quickly. But today, everyone doesn't have access. And so that's a whole another factor to put in, and children today are not approved to take vaccinations. And so there's testing going on and sciences at work. And in coming months, that could change as well. But today, children obviously are not approved for vaccines. And so those are additional vaccine commentary.
Now back to your current question. Initially, take our U.K. sailings and some of the other sailings, initially, so we can have opportunity to practice the protocols and make sure everything is going as planned. We're starting with less than 50% occupancy, but that will ramp up pretty quickly as we make certain that the execution is in place and going well. And so that's where we are in terms of the initial sailings. Again, for other companies, whatever theirs are, it's probably just a similar thought process. So people want to make sure that the protocols are in place and are working right, and we all get good practice with our crew in managing all of that. And then it would ramp up as we get better at it. So that's the first comment.
In terms of how quickly it gets to breakout there, David make some comments on the financial perspective. But what we've been saying is 30 -- depending on the brand and the ship size and a whole bunch of other things, 30% to 50% is -- of occupancy is better than breakeven financing for us for a given ship. In terms of the overall fleet, we are going to come back staggered no matter what. We will be bringing in a few ships in a brand at a time. Hopefully, if we were approved to go and the destinations were all up and running, and we can have all the various itineraries and all that, ideally, we'd like to be able to have the fleet fully going by the end of this year, early next year. And that's our aspiration and what we're working hard with all [indiscernible] around the world to accomplish.
And then the last comment I just want to emphasize for us, the U.S. is very important to us, at the same time as the rest of the world. And that's one of the benefit they have, all the brands we have. And so as I said in my opening remarks, we have [ 9 ] ships that are involved in other jurisdictions and other regulatory environments that we have to work with. So today, those a little bit ahead of where we are in the U.S. But hopefully, we'll all get to a level playing field and be able to bring the fleet back over time. I hope I answered your question, but I'll let David make a comment if you want to add anything on the breakeven conversation.

Thank you for the question, Patrick. I think I'd rather the CDC respond to what they were thinking when they said that. Again, we want to work with them and the administration to ensure that ultimately, it would be really revenue cruises at this point in time. And we look forward to working with them to come up with a practical approach that would make that happen and still serve the interest of public health.

No, I wouldn't say there's a date per se. Obviously, practically speaking, as a company, we'll have to make prudent decisions for you, for our investors. And so we'll do what we think we need to do to get people an opportunity to sail and to give an opportunity for people to work and earn a living and so on and so forth.
But we don't have an arbitrary date. I would say it's sooner rather than later that we might have to announce some additional home porting outside the U.S. We're trying to hold back on that, but it could be sooner rather than later on that. But I continue to be very much focused on working with the CDC and the administration to come up with a solution that works for American workers and American public, and I think we can. I think if we all just continue to work together, we'll figure that out -- where we have figured it out, and I think we can figure it out here, too. I'm sorry. Go ahead.

I think, again, that's one of probably 1,000 different scenarios. In my comments, I mentioned agility and constantly changing dynamics and ability to adapt. And so certainly, that's one of a 1,000 different possibilities. Hopefully, we can come up with something that wouldn't require those kinds of dynamics. And more than cost would be optimistic, we all can working together. But I guess there could be scenarios like that. I'm hopeful that we'll have something much more straightforward that will accommodate [ the world as it is ], and we'll let the appropriate authorities [indiscernible] information we have.

I'll just make a comment first, David, to speak to the specifics. Generally, as you understand, I'm sure, what you have is a basic kind of supply-demand right now. I mean we have very limited sailings available and a lot of pent-up demand. And so therefore, there's an opportunity to give people a great value. The vacation experience they want still at a much better value than equivalent land-based experience. So still a great value. And so we're seeing that reflected, though, in the general pricing strength. But David, you can go ahead and answer the specific question.

Yes. Well, first, I'll make a few comments and then, David, add whatever you would like. When you think about revenue management, you think about the booking information we're sharing a lot of booking as well out into '22 and some is even in the '23, where we fully expect to have full occupancy and full fleet sailing and so on and so forth by that point in time, and where there's confidence obviously amongst those who want to cruise that is likely they'll be able to at that point in time. So that's a lot of what's driving what you're hearing much more so than the near end shorter-term stuff, which is more limited occupancy. But David, go ahead.

David?

I'm sorry. Finish your question, then we'll take one more, and that will be it. Go ahead.

Yes. Real quick, we're not going to give any kind of guidance in the cost at that level. But in terms of our historical behavior of becoming more efficient, and certainly with this pause, we've had the opportunity, which you normally don't have, to really take a really hard look at everything because we are so reduced in terms of staff at this point in time. And then look at all of our processes, et cetera, and have time to introduce additional technologies that make us more efficient and what have you. So we do see substantial contributions in terms of cost improvement across the board on the shoreside.
With regards to the marketing, that's evolving on its own anyway in terms of what the most powerful delivery mechanism is for positioning and attracting and getting bookings and so on is just naturally evolving as society becomes increasingly digital and social media-based, et cetera. And our most powerful marketing tool has always been word of mouth because the product itself, the experience itself is so great. That's always been the most powerful marketing, too.
Right now, we have pent-up demand. On top of that, all the repeat cruisers have gone almost a full year now without being able to cruise and have a huge pent-up demand there. We have a base of almost -- a database of almost 40 million previous cruise scores that we can access directly and so on. So we'll see how all those dynamics change, whether the absolute spend will be different or it will be reallocated, that's all being worked at. But the short answer is we're going to come out leaner, and we're going to come out having more impact per dollar spent. There's no question about it.
David, I don't know if you want to add any additional color from...

Okay. Well, look, I want to thank everyone for being on. Obviously, we feel, as I said, will come out operationally stronger, and we're excited that we're starting to sail again. And we're looking forward to working things through here in the U.S. It's a very important market, obviously, for us, extremely important. And we're looking forward to giving people the opportunity to have a great experience as they do in the rest of the travel and tourism sector. So thank you so much, everyone. Appreciate it.