Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered exceptional results for the first quarter of 2022, with broad-based demand for our innovative solutions driving solid double-digit growth across all business groups. 
In view of the strong start to the year and the continuing momentum of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details on that in a moment. 
Generational trends such as hyperscale computing, 5G, autonomous driving and AI/ML are creating an explosion of data. That, in turn, is driving the need for next-generation compute, connectivity, storage and data analytics solutions. Along with accelerating digital transformation of multiple end markets, these trends continue to fuel robust design activity, creating rich market opportunities for our differentiated end-to-end EDA, IP and system solutions. 
Now let's talk about our key highlights for Q1. A key element of our approach has been to closely collaborate with our ecosystem partners and focus on market-shaping customers. We are very excited to have built upon our successful engagement with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, and in Q1, signed one of the largest contracts in company history, to enable the broad proliferation of our EDA, hardware and system solutions. 
Additionally, in Q1, we expanded our longstanding partnership with ARM, who is using a comprehensive set of Cadence EDA solutions, and Cadence who is using ARM's latest IP to jointly provide implementation reference flows and optimized processor IP to accelerate customer innovation. Rapidly increasing challenges in system verification and software bring up continued to be a strong pull for our verification business, which delivered 30% year-over-year revenue growth. 
On the heels of a record year, our hardware business had its biggest quarter by far, with unabating demand for our best-in-class Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms. With 10 new customers and over 50 repeat customers, more than half the orders during the quarter included both the platforms. 
Demand for hardware was broad-based with particular strength seen in hyperscale, 5G communication and AI/ML segments. Our digital and signoff business had another strong quarter with 23% year-over-year revenue growth. Deployment of our digital full flow delivering industry-leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes continue to accelerate with more than 15 new wins in Q1. 
Our innovative Cadence Cerebrus solution uses unique reinforcement learning ML technologies to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimize the digital full flow in a fully automated manner. Several market-shaping customers have successfully deployed Cadence Cerebrus and realized remarkable productivity and power performance and area benefits, including a marquee Asia Pacific system companies used Cadence Cerebrus to achieve 5x engineering productivity and nearly 10% power gains on a critical advanced node subsystem and a leading Asia Pacific hyperscaler used Cadence Cerebrus with our digital full flow to tape out a chip with nearly 2 billion instances, reducing power by 5% compared to the alternative flow. 
Our System Design & Analysis business, which is driving our expansion beyond EDA, continued its strong momentum in Q1, delivering 22% year-over-year revenue growth. There is growing interest in our Integrity 3D-IC solution, the industry's most advanced multi-die platform, with tightly integrated system planning, implementation and analysis technology. A large U.S. data infrastructure company successfully deployed Integrity to tape out their 2.5D IC, and Lightelligence used 3D -- Integrity 3D-IC, Virtuoso and Innovus, in development of their fully integrated optical computer system. 
In System Analysis, we continued executing to our strategy of building out our multiphysics platform, offering best-in-class engines, delivering superior results compared to legacy solutions. We are pleased with the new wins and growing repeat orders for our organically developed Clarity and Celsius products as well as our recently acquired CFD technologies. Over the past year, our CFD solutions have continued to proliferate, especially in the aerospace and defense arena with market-shaping customers such as Lockheed Martin. 
In Q1, Juniper Networks renewed their commitment to Cadence technology, including comprehensive access to our systems portfolio across PCB, packaging and system analysis solutions. And last week, we introduced Fidelity CFD, a comprehensive CFD platform that includes enhanced meshing technologies as well as a next-generation massively parallel high-order solver that dramatically improves the performance and accuracy of complex CFD application across multiple vertical end markets. Fidelity CFD's software machine capabilities have been used by Toyota Motor Europe to be their standard workflow for CFD preprocessing, and the winning America's Cup, Team New Zealand, relies on Fidelity Marine solver for their hull hydrodynamic modeling. 
Lastly, in addition to our outstanding business results, I'm also proud of our high-performance inclusive culture and thrilled that we have been selected by Fortune and Great Place to Work as one of the 2022 100 Best Companies to Work For, for the eighth consecutive year. 
Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q1 results and our updated 2022 outlook.

Charles, thank you for the question. This is Anirudh. So like you mentioned, a key approach -- a key element of our strategy is to focus on market-shaping customers. And I'm very happy with this new arrangement with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company. And you may know, we have been working with this particular customer for a while, and now we are excited to build upon these successes with this new contract. And it's a broad-ranging contract, like we mentioned. So it includes our EDA solutions, but it also includes our hardware platforms and our new system solution. So it's a fairly comprehensive arrangement, and we look forward to continuing deployment with this very important customer. 
And to give you an example, I think last time, we also mentioned, for example, in EDA, we have a lot of successful engagement on our digital full flow. And for example, Cerebrus gave very good results at several key blocks on a recent tape-out and about 5x productivity improvement. At the same time, we also have engagements in analog with Virtuoso and Spectre and, of course, verification with the key element with hardware and then system solutions. So overall, we are happy with the progress, and we look forward to wider deployment as we go forward.

Yes. Thank you, Charles. So we are pretty pleased with our business in China. I think you may know, we had some tough compare in '21 versus '22 -- fiscal '21 versus fiscal '20, but we are -- that's behind us now. So I think we expect China business to be strong and to continue to grow. And we're seeing that strength across our product portfolio. So John, do you want to comment?

Yes. Joe, that's a good point. So what I would say is that we are pretty happy with our product portfolio and competitive positioning. And we are happy that -- we always start -- we focus on the important customers, focus on benchmarking, focus on adoption, proliferation that leads to booking and revenue. So overall, I think we feel confident of our product portfolio, that includes EDA and IP, and then expansion of that product portfolio into system design and analysis, as you see, that also grew pretty well in Q1, and then the use of AI to further differentiate our solutions, whether they are in EDA or in systems. So at this point, I think we feel good where we are. And also, we are, as you know, in the golden era of semiconductors and electronic systems. So the market is also growing, and we feel we are in a strong position. So together, it's a good tailwind for our solutions in our company.

Yes. Let me talk about verification first, and I think John can comment more about the outlook for the year. I think verification, as you know, is a key differentiator for our customers. I think to really be a state of the art kind of design company or a system semiconductor company, your ability to do good verification is critical. That is what can lead to rapid Cadence of your products and also how fast from silicon tape-out to product release, right? So I think importance of verification becomes critical, and the importance of hardware platforms, especially driven by Palladium and Protium to do not just RTL verification, but also software bring up is critical. So therefore, we are seeing a strong demand across both the semiconductor companies, but also the system companies, which inherently have software to our verification products. And we had a record quarter following a record year last year. 
Now in terms of going forward, I would like John to comment on the rest of the year.

Yes. That's a great question. So first of all, as you saw, we are growing pretty well in System Design & Analysis. And also, just to remind you that we take all our revenue ratably even in this segment compared to some other companies. So whenever you have a ratable revenue, then the bookings are growing faster than revenues. So overall, we are pretty happy with System Design & Analysis, and especially the system analysis portion that is becoming a bigger portion of Cadence's business. 
And our 3 strength is our computational software expertise. So in EDA over the last 20, 30 years, we have a lot of experience doing very, very large systems efficiently and accurately. So we applied that computational software expertise to system analysis. So our solutions can be order of magnitude better than what has been the legacy solutions in this space, okay? 
And we first always focus on key customers, the top customers. And the top customers in that space are similar to our traditional top customers. So these are the big system and semi companies, also our top customers and system analysis because we want to make sure your product is differentiated. And I think that's ongoing, and you see the strength in Clarity and Celsius and now with the introduction of Fidelity. 
Now beyond that, to your point, I think we also work on channel expansion. And I think we have mentioned in the past that we are expanding our partner network and also expanding more and more of these solutions to be available on the cloud, which also naturally reaches more and more customers. So we always want to first focus on the product, focus on the top customers and the big customers, and then build -- systematically build out a framework to expand the deployment and go to market. So overall, we are pleased with our progress, and it is also very synergistic with our overall EDA position and overall Intelligent System Design strategy.

Jay, let me start with your first question. Like you said, system companies are becoming -- doing more semiconductor design, and semiconductor becoming -- companies are becoming more system company. And this is great for Cadence in the industry. And there are similarities there, but you asked about the differences. So some of the differences, of course, first thing is that's one of the reasons we expanded into System Design & Analysis. So naturally, to system companies, we are not just engaging with our EDA and IP products, which are silicon-centric. We're also engaging with system design and analysis products, whether it's 3D-IC or PCB design or simulation. And that's a natural synergy of our strategy and the natural synergy of what is happening in the customer base. So that's one big difference. 
I think the second big difference is that the system companies naturally, as you know, have software content. That's why they're a system company. So the need for hardware platforms, especially both Palladium and Protium and software bring up, is always critical, but it's even more critical for these system companies that are doing semiconductor. So I think I would say these are probably the 2 big thing. 
And then the third thing that always helps is a lot of times, the system companies are new -- or sometimes are engaging in new activities in semiconductors. So there is no legacy there. So that always helps us. Because without legacy, with the strength of our portfolio, we typically do well in the market. 
Now with respect to your second question, like we said, we are pretty happy with our engagement with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company. And there is a lot of opportunities to grow there over the years in multiple aspects, EDA, hardware and the system solutions.

Yes. Another thing, Jay, as you probably know already, to highlight is as we do more of these AI-based solution Cerebrus and you'll see more from us going forward, it's an opportunity to provide much more productivity to our customers, whether they're a semiconductor company or a system company. So what I -- what we are hoping is that because, as you know, the labor market is tight and the need for talent is always growing, there is more and more need for automation and higher level automation. So I think there is opportunity for us to do well in a variety of customers, especially moving to more towards automation and less towards hiring -- they will still hire more people, but there's opportunity for EDA and IP to be a bigger percentage of wallet as we provide more automation in our solutions.

Yes. That's a good question. What I would say is there are 3 big trends that are helping us. So first trend is, as you know, we are in golden age semiconductors, and it's expected to grow -- continue to grow for the next 5 to 10 years. So our core business can do well with the semiconductor companies. 
I think the second thing is, like was mentioned earlier, the system companies are doing more silicon. So that adds like new kind of opportunities to engage with system companies. And that, I think, is going to continue for the next 5 or 10 years because there are systemic reasons for system companies want to do silicon, for customization, for differentiation. 
And then the third big trend is we are also expanding our portfolio into System Design & Analysis, which is a growing tab for us and also expand -- it's a growing market. It's a profitable area. And so these 3 trends, which is, one, is the core semiconductor business is going to do well that helps our EDA and IP; second, system companies are going to do more silicon; and third, our portfolio itself is expanding to system design and analysis. And all these 3 things can be held with AI and more automation. And I don't see that changing in the next 5, 10 years. So I think these are fundamental trends for a while that can help us.

Yes. So I think on the question on the -- I think your question is on the analog -- the custom analog signal business. And if you look back several years, that business has performed very well and continues to grow because as we go to newer nodes, it's not just the digital, but the analog has to go to these advanced nodes. Now we have a pretty good position in the market there. And so I mean that has grown, I think, slightly slower than maybe digital verification, but still has done pretty well over the last few years. And I expect that to continue, and there are a few things that are helping it also apart from the traditional analog design. I mean there is more and more RF design. So our recent move into RF with the acquisition of AWR, that is well integrated with Virtuoso. And with 3D-IC and more and more, there's a lot of activity still at mainstream nodes. So I think, overall, we are pretty pleased with that business, and it still has a very healthy growth rate and continues to be also a fairly profitable business for us.

Absolutely. I mean cloud is a key initiative, and I think we have done this for several years. I think we're probably the first company to really invest heavily in the cloud and both from a customer-managed cloud or a Cadence managed cloud and also a variety of business models, right? So because primarily cloud allows more flexibility to our customers in terms of usage and business model. So we have done this for several years, and we are open to all kinds of possibilities. 
It's important to give choices to our customers. And in some cases, they use their own cloud platform. In some cases, they use our kind of cloud platform that we work with our partners in a more of a SaaS offering. In some cases, like you said, they use hybrid. Especially really big customers, if they have already a good data center internally, then they use a hybrid cloud for like peak utilization. And whereas some of the smaller customers or the newer starters may completely go to the cloud, okay? So I think we'll see how the market evolves, but we are ready with all kinds of solutions and business models and do how the customers use those solutions. 
But I do see that the smaller or the newer companies go more towards full cloud, and more of the traditional companies go towards hybrid cloud. But in any case, we are set up to service all these models for our customers. And we also have a partnership with multiple kind of cloud providers to provide a best solution to our customer base. Yes.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and a thriving semiconductor and systems industry, offering tremendous market opportunity. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. Thank you.