Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the first quarter of 2019, delivering 11% year-over-year revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin with broad-based strength across our product lines.
As a result, we are increasing our outlook for the year, and John will provide more detail shortly. While there's some uncertainty in the overall raw macro environment, we are confident about the multiple trends that have continued to drive strong design activity. In addition to technology trends, like AI and 5G, design activity is being fueled by workload-specific computing, system companies building custom silicon, new silicon startups and digital transformation of industries such as automotive, aerospace, medical and other industry -- industrial applications.
Our business is mission-critical to silicon development which is cornerstone of all design activity. As we have stated, our System Design Enablement, or SDE strategy, drives growth in our core EDA and IP business; broadens our reach in system companies and targeted verticals; and guides our expansion into newer, adjacent areas.
We executed well on this strategy. And today, I want to highlight its next phase which we're calling intelligent system design. The foundation of this strategy continues to be delivering design excellence via our core EDA and IP business. In addition, we are building upon our core competency in computational software to expand into 2 new areas: system innovation, where we are expanding into new system domains; and pervasive intelligence, where we will apply AI and our algorithm know-how to our core business and specific verticals.
Our intelligent system design strategy will enable us to provide more capabilities and value to our customers while also expanding our current total addressable market from about $10 billion to estimated $30 billion over the next 5 years. To highlight some of this -- some of our recent activities in the system innovation space, in Q1, we announced a strategic partnership with Green Hills Software which opens new opportunities in the estimated more than $3 billion embedded system, safety and security space. And earlier this month, we entered the system analysis market, an estimated $4.5 billion total addressable market opportunity, by introducing our first product, Clarity 3D Solver, a next-generation solution for electromagnetic field simulation. Clarity is a true 3D solver which delivers up to 10x faster simulation performance while virtually unlimited capacity without compromising accuracy.
Clarity used state of art, distributed, multiprocessing technology, making it uniquely optimized for the cloud and on-premise distributed computing and has been endorsed by Teradyne and HiSilicon.
Turning to our core business. Our digital and signoff business achieved 12% year-over-year revenue growth, driven by strong adoption by new customers and proliferation of -- by existing customers at advanced nodes. Today, more than 100 7-nanometer designs have taped out using our digital solution, and multiple 5-nanometer designs are underway using our solution as well.
Our hardware-assisted verification products, an important part of our Verification Suite, had another good quarter. Palladium Z1, our flagship emulation platform, added 2 new customers that are doing machine learning designs including SambaNova Systems.
We also have 13 repeat orders including 3 significant expansions, one of which was at Annapurna Labs, an Amazon company. Our Protium S1 prototyping platform, which enables early software development also added 2 new customers and received 7 repeat orders. Palladium cloud continued its steady momentum and now has more than 10 customers, several of which have made repeat orders.
Our IP business also showed double-digit growth year-over-year. Tensilica continue to win sockets for machine learning, vision and audio applications in the automotive, consumer and surveillance segments, adding 8 new customers in the quarter.
In the Design IP space, our new 112-gig long-reach SerDes IP was adopted by a marquee semiconductor company, and we launched the industry first complete silicon-proven LPDDR5 silicon. As I had said earlier, our strategy broaden our reach in system companies and targeted verticals. One of our most successful targeted verticals is aerospace and defense where we recently announced that we are working with Northrop Grumman, where our EDA IP solutions has supported a shortened product development cycle and advanced nodes tapeouts.
Lastly, I want to highlight the new Cadence CloudBurst platform, the latest addition to our cloud portfolio which extends our cloud leadership in EDA and provides customer with very compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. CloudBurst enables hybrid cloud environment and is ideal for serving peak demand. It provides fast and easy access to preinstall Cadence Design tools in either AWS or Azure cloud environment. It was used by Barefoot Networks to achieve a 10x productivity improvement running Cadence Tempus Timing Signoff Solution on their 7-nanometer networking chips.
With that, I want to turn over the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.

Rich, Lip-Bu here. And we did not hear the first portion of your question, but I guess it's about the 3D solver that we announced. And we are delighted, and this first product, Clarify, is truly a 3D solver, and it's a next-generation solution that is for the electromagnetic field simulations, and this is our first entry to the system analysis. And clearly we have other products we're now working on, on development. We're excited because of a couple of things. One, clearly we look at our core competence, the core competency that we have in the computational software, and that's what our EDA background is from and then also our 3D, some of our packaging technology that we have. That combination, that gave us a very unique opportunity to really drive next-generation disruptive, that's why we can claim up to 10x the performance, and then this is very cloud enabled and then -- so that we can really provide a truly next-generation, uniquely optimized for cloud and on-premise distributed computing and so that we have something unique to offer. And stay tuned. We're going to have more product coming up. This is our first entry into the system analysis market.

Yes. I think we are excited about this marquee U.S. semiconductor company. As I mentioned in the last earnings call, it's a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. And we are very excited. It's the early days of partnering with this customer to expand the breadth of our engagement. It's across all our different tools, and we are excited about it. And clearly, everything we know is already built into our guidance for the year. But overall, clearly, to support a very important customer, we are to build out our AE and R&D support and to really proliferate across that in our requirements.

Yes, John, it's a very good question. So let me just talk about this uncertainty. I think we all know from the marketplace, geopolitical and also some of the slowdown in some segment of the industry, like automotive and others, but we're excited on a couple of drivers, and especially, AI and then the 5G and autonomous driving and then also the industrial edge. They're something that I'm very passionate about. And -- because we are moving into, I call it, big data environment. It's all about data and data analytics. So in a way, driving a lot of new requirements for the semiconductor. So one, I mentioned, about the workload-specific or you call it domain-specific process computing. General-purpose CPU, GPU, there's a good place for them. But right now the workload have changed so we call it the workload-specific, more application-related. And that's also driving not just the computing and also the, clearly, a lot of more exciting about the memory. There's some new innovation on memory. There's some new innovation on storage. And some of you have heard about the NVMe controller, disaggregation of the storage because of the massive, massive data that you need to be -- disaggregate the storage and network. And also the other parties, their high-speed connectivity, they're able to scale the connectivity speed that's required in the hyperscale. So all this are going to be driving a very strong design activity, and we are in the middle of it. We are well positioned to capture that. And that's why I think the -- from our point of view, the design activity is increased substantially. We are excited about supporting some of our customers to really embark on some of these opportunities.

Yes. Just to add to what John's talking about on the China side. If you look at historical 2016, about 8%, and then 2017, about 9%. And then last year, it's about under 10%, and this year, it's 10%. So overall, we have done well in China. And clearly, China is very committed to build a domestic semiconductor industry, and they are making great progress. And we are very well positioned to support not just China, I mean globally in Asia, in other places, and we want to be the trusted partner for them.

Yes. Good question, Jay. Let me try to answer your question. So I think that intelligent system design, it breaks down into 3 pieces. One is design excellence, and that is our core EDA and IP. So we are very laser focused, make sure that our foundations are solid. We are the best of 2 in every category, and that's how -- what we inspire (sic) [ aspire ] to do. And so that -- we are delighted on the digital and signoff sector, we grew in the last quarter 12%. Clearly we have continued to succeed in the new customers, and then right now, in the some of the big -- the proliferation on some of our current customers in the most advanced nodes, in the 7 to 5. We are moving on 3-nanometer. And so I think we're excited about continuing to drive that. And then we move on to the system innovation. That is moving to the system domains. And as I mentioned earlier, really using our -- and we've been to a soul searching, we found that our core competency, in the computational software and then the -- and the digital implementation that we have, and it can be scaled into the system level. And that's why we are excited I think to embark on that into this, I call it, the first mover is -- basically is the embedded system. Safety and security space, we've been here. We are very delighted in that strategic partnership with that so that we're starting to move into that space. And that's about $3 billion market that we are excited about. The next thing that we're looking at is the whole, we call it, the system analysis space, and that's about $4.5 billion. And then it's about time to have some innovation solution, able to provide an account, enabled and scalable, and then using our strength to apply because as you'll recall, we also have the PCB business and also the 3D technology so that we can really apply that into this 3D solver, and that is just the beginning on the EM, electromagnetics field simulation area. And then stay tuned. We have continued the development and investing in this space. And it's a big market, $4.5 billion. And customers love it. And so far, the initial feedback from our potential customers, and we highlight, too, that I endorse our approach, and then they see the benefit of the performance, and we're excited about it. And then finally, we're going to use that through the pervasive intelligence, using the AI and machine learning, and basically we're going to apply into, we call it, the inside and outside. Inside basically using AI/machine learning to drive performance improvement, productivity and performance improvement across all our product lines in term of EDA tools. And we already see significant improvement on that. And then finally, we're also working with our leading customer using AI to optimize their flow and methodology so that the customer can really drive the performance like machine learning, deep learning and other applications. And that is kind of our approach.

Yes. Good question. I think Japan is important market for us. There are a couple of areas Japan is very strong, and I'll just name a few. Automotive, they're very, very strong. And also I mentioned earlier the edge, industrial IoT, the microcontroller, and there's a lot of controller collecting data. And then a couple of key players in Japan that we are really excited to team up with them. And then also the whole video, surveillance consumer-related area, and AI/machine learning can really play a role in it. And so I think it's a very important market, and then they are recovering very nicely. And then right now, we're engaging heavily with a couple of key customers that we want to be their trusted partner going forward.

Yes. I think, Jason (sic) [ Jackson ], let me start first, and then John will fill in. First of all, I kind of highlight that it's very broad based, the strength across our product lines. And even though we highlight the hardware, we highlight the IP, we also highlight the digital growth, 12%. And then the other part which is also very exciting for us is the custom analog system connect area and also, it's nice growth, about 8%, and then we are excited about -- that's why we are investing in this whole system analysis, it's part of this analog custom interconnect system level. And that area had been doing well. And so I think overall, I'd have to say that it's across the board and then also some of the new -- newly developed products that we already built into our guidance for the year.

Yes. Good question. And we're excited about this TAM expansion. That's one of the very important focus for Cadence. And so that's why we have this strategy on the -- we call it the intelligent system design. And first of all, I think clearly, our foundation continues to grow in terms of design excellence. All our EDA tools are continuing to drive the growth with the semiconductor company and also system company to drive differentiation. And then second part we're starting to address -- begin to address is that system innovation. And so clearly, the opportunity in front of us is this whole embedded system, safety and security. Our partnership with Green Hills is a very important part of our strategy. And then now we're starting to move into the system analysis space. So embedded space, about $3 billion. And then the market analysis is about -- clearly, system analysis is about $4.5 billion. And then so I think overall, we'll continue to -- marching forward, stay tuned, and then we're going to be -- over time, we're going to be -- highlight to you some of the success we have. And then clearly, on the competition side, on the system analysis, there are a couple of them I think you quite know -- well known. They have some more legacy solutions. And then -- but the customers, over time, require increase on the system complexity and also shift less approach, doing more simulation and then larger design, and that will require solutions that need more capacity and also higher performance. And that really plays into our strength in terms of algorithm expertise and massive distributing, multiprocessing capability. And so I think those are the things that really we find a unique opportunity, a unique qualification we have to play in this market.

Yes.

Yes. A couple of things we're kind of positive about is the Tensilica, the proliferation adoption for the machine learning, vision, audio and also automotive, consumer, surveillance. We add new -- 8 new customers. On the Design IP side, clearly, we have the 112-gig long-reach SerDes IP, and this is a must-have for the hyperscale infrastructure. And we are just at the beginning of it, and we are delighted. Marquee semiconductor companies adopt it. And more to come, and then stay tuned, and we'll have more updates for you.

And in some way, we try to drive the performance and productivity for our customers by moving to the cloud so that you can address the peak load and also you can parallel the distributor to the unlimited server that the cloud infrastructure provides, and that is of tremendous value to our customers.

It really depends on the customers. And then the -- they can use a hybrid using their on-premise. And then when they address a peak load with the cloud or they went through from scratch in some of the startups, they want to be all cloud, we're also open to that. So I think there's a lot of different models. And then we basically want to make it available to our customers whatever they choose and make sure that it's secure and then make sure that it can drive performance and productivity for them. That is our main driver for using the cloud. And then basically we are supporting them. And they have the option, either customer-managed or using the Cadence-managed or the Palladium Cloud.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. In summary, our business is mission-critical to silicon development, which is the cornerstone of all design activity. Through our strategy, we are capitalizing on multiple technology ways and further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. Next phase of our strategy, intelligent system design, brings new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded total addressable market.
In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.