Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered strong financial results for the third quarter driven by accelerating customer demand for our innovative solutions and continued strong execution by the team. 
Driven by the broad-based strength of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the third time this year and are expecting about 11% revenue growth and 37% non-GAAP operating margin for 2021. John will provide the details in a moment for both our Q3 results and the updated outlook for the year. 
The data-driven era is being fueled by generation trends, by 5G, hyperscale computing, autonomous driving and industrial IoT, that are accelerating the digital transformation of several industries. This requires continued innovation in key areas such as compute, connectivity, storage and data analysis which is, in turn, driving secular semiconductor growth and design activity across a wide range of end markets. 
Before I ask Anirudh to go through the business and product highlights for the quarter, I would like to remind you that I will be transitioning to the role of Executive Chairman on December 15, with Anirudh becoming our President and CEO at that time. It has truly been an honor leading Cadence for the past 13 years. I'm very proud of the team's accomplishments and grateful for the confidence and trust that our customers and shareholders have placed in us. Cadence is extremely well positioned. And as I hand the baton over to Anirudh, I can't think of no other better to lead the company through next phase of growth. And I eagerly looking forward to him taking Cadence to new heights. While I will remain engaged with shareholders, this will be my last earnings call. Thank you very much for your continued support. 
And I will now turn the call over to Anirudh.

Yes, Jason, first of all, thank you so much for the kind words. In terms of the global supply chains, we're monitoring the semiconductor global supply chains very carefully. So far, we don't see any slowdown in our design activity across our customer base. And then as you know, our product is very much focused on the R&D engineering, designing the chip system. And this is a multiyear approach. And I mentioned earlier, the generations drivers have been really driving a lot of increase in the design activity. 
And then to answer your question in terms of automotive design cycle, yes, you're absolutely correct. It's a multiple-year increment. And then lately because of more and more electronics in the automotive, so we see a lot of design activity like autonomous driving. And I think Anirudh mentioned about Tesla in terms of driving their AI chips and using our broad-based Cadence tool. That's one good example and many more coming. And so I think clearly, we're excited about the automotive platform that will create opportunity in the multiyears to come.

Yes. I think it's a very interesting, challenging opportunity time in this whole supply chain. Clearly, for the automotive industry, it's starting to become very -- realize the whole visibility to the supply chain and become very important for them. And so in different automotive companies, they experience different challenges in the supply chain. And we are here to help them in terms of the design, automation and the whole system level complexity of design and then time to market. And then so we try to be available and be helpful to them as a design partner and also support them throughout this period. So I think you're going to see more and more opportunity in the automotive. It's a big platform for us.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence with the growing market opportunities and strong business momentum. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we built at Cadence. We are grateful for the recognitions that we received over the years, including most recently being named as one of the World's Best Workplace for the sixth time by Fortune and Great Place to Work, as well as being named to Newsweek's List of Most Loved Workplaces for 2021. 
And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during these unprecedented times.