Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered excellent results for Q3, driven by our technology leadership, strong execution, diversified customer base and resilient business model.  
We beat our Q3 guidance on all key metrics and are raising our financial outlook for the year yet again to 19% year-over-year revenue growth and 40% operating margin. John will provide more details on our Q3 results and updated outlook for the year.  
Notwithstanding the prevailing macroeconomic uncertainties, our thesis about generational drivers, such as 5G, hyperscale computing and AI/ML driving robust design activity over the long term remains intact. These secular trends are accelerating the digital transformation across several end markets, while the growing hyperconvergence across multiple domains, mechanical and electrical, hardware and software and systems and semis is driving the strong need for continued innovation in compute, connectivity and storage. 
Customers are investing heavily to differentiate their next-generation platforms with system companies increasingly developing purpose-built silicon and semiconductor companies benefiting from expanding silicon content. Our comprehensive offerings comprised of leading end-to-end EDA solutions, IP, hardware and expanding systems portfolio uniquely position us to support our customers while providing us with ample growth opportunities.  
In an environment of increasing design complexity, tighter time-to-market requirements and growing shortage of talent, sophisticated AI/ML solutions can greatly help to democratize chip and system development while dramatically increasing productivity and quality of results. Customers deploying our game-changing, AI-driven Cadence Cerebrus and Optimality solutions are realizing amazing results. And in Q3, we augmented our portfolio with the transformative Verisium AI verification platform and the JedAI data platform.  
Verification continues to be the critical part and system time to market, consuming the vast majority of resources with debug being the largest component. Verisium provides a generational shift in verification, moving from a legacy single-run, single-engine approach to algorithms that leverage big data and AI to optimize multiple runs across multiple engines, leading to a 10x boost in debug productivity. Several customers, including Samsung and STMicroelectronics, have observed impressive results with Verisium for automatically triaging and root causing bugs.  
JedAI is our revolutionary AI-driven, big data analytics platform that is foundational to unifying our AI innovations across Cadence Cerebrus,  Optimality and Verisium. JedAI operates on vast amount of data, including all types of design, verification, analysis and methodology information to facilitate smaller design optimization -- facilitate smarter design optimization and enhanced productivity. 
In Q3, we significantly expanded our footprint with market-shaping customers as they increasingly embrace our optimized platform offerings. We deepened our partnership with BAE Systems across our core EDA and systems portfolio, including proliferation of our digital full flow and analog products and a broad expansion of our PCB and multiphysics system analysis solutions. 
Additionally, in Q3, we strengthened our collaboration with Teradyne, which included a broad proliferation of our core EDA software across digital, analog and verification as well as a significant expansion of our PCB and system analysis business. 
Demand for our core EDA software remains strong and broad-based. Our digital business had another strong quarter with 22% year-over-year growth, driven by key competitive wins and continued proliferation at market-shaping customers. 13 new customers adopted our digital full flow in Q3. It's been just over a year since we launched Cadence Cerebrus and it's fast becoming a linchpin technology for customers as they derive incredible productivity and PPA results on a wide variety of their most advanced SoC designs. 
Several leading customers have major multi-design, multi-project production deployments underway and are reporting up to 30% improvement in quality of results and 30x productivity improvements. Additionally, we see accelerated growth in our front-end and sign-off offerings in part due to the Cadence Cerebrus pull-through effect. 
We launched the Certus Closure Solution, which dramatically accelerates complete design closure by using an innovative hierarchical architecture and a fully automated environment for concurrent full chip optimization and sign-off. Using Certus, Renesas observed 6x faster chip level sign-off closure versus current methodologies. And MaxLinear experienced overnight full chip sign-off closure while realizing up to 5% of untapped power savings. 
Our custom IC business continues to define the analog market with this bold vision, market-leading technology and comprehensive portfolio. In Q3, it grew 12% year-over-year, driven by best-in-class Virtuoso platform and by strong growth in our Spectra Simulation solutions. 
Now moving on to functional verification. In Q3, our business grew 31% year-over-year, led by hardware and Xcelium. Our Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms, providing industry-leading system verification and software bring-up capabilities, added 3 new customers and had 20 repeat orders, including from high-end mobile, AI and hyperscale customers. 
Our IP business, led by a STAR IP offerings at the most advanced nodes, continue to benefit from ongoing IP outsourcing trend and from customers increasing embracing IP reuse for risk reduction and faster time to market. During Q3, we signed our largest IP contract ever with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company and had a major expansion at a leading U.S. 5G company. Tensilica extended its leadership in the true wireless stereo market while proliferating its functional safety and infotainment solutions with automotive companies. We also had multiple design IP wins across our leading PCIe, DDR and die-to-die portfolio. 
Our System Design & Analysis business is a key tenet of our growth strategy to leverage our computational software expertise and expand our TAM by growing in near adjacencies. This business continued its strong momentum, delivering 29% year-over-year growth as we increased our footprint in several verticals, including aerospace and defense and high-tech electronics. A broad systems portfolio providing tightly integrated platform solutions across the design, simulation and analysis is resonating strongly with customers as they increasingly choose a broader set of our solutions across these domains. 
In Q3, we broadened our collaboration with Emerson, a global industrial technology and software leader, as they significantly expanded their use of our system solutions, notably our PCB, AWR and system analysis technologies. Fidelity CFD software, that was announced earlier this year, is ramping nicely and facilitating customers in verticals such as aerospace, marine and turbo machinery to do design optimization, leading to efficiency improvement and meaningful reduction in emissions and energy consumption. And the addition of Future Facilities, digital twin-based thermal and power optimization technology, will further help data center customers to reduce their carbon footprint. 
Lastly, we completed the acquisition of OpenEye Scientific, a leader in the computational molecular design space. We are very excited to bring our system-level simulation and AI/ML expertise to the life sciences market to help improve the speed and accuracy of bio simulations, thereby enhancing the efficiency and success rate of drug discovery process. Integration of both our Future Facilities and OpenEye acquisitions is progressing well. 
In closing, Q3 was an outstanding quarter as we advanced our intelligent system design strategy and continued to closely collaborate with our customers on their next-generation designs. We are managing our business with an intense focus on innovation and operational excellence to drive both revenue growth and margin expansion and are very well positioned to capitalize on the massive opportunities ahead of us. 
Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q3 results and our updated 2022 outlook.

Charles, this is Anirudh. So overall, China is a diversified customer base, and we have a lot of design activity in China. To think about Cadence is we participate in all kinds of designs, right, whether analog or digital or memory in different market segments. So overall, I feel that, that will be intact. 
I think there is some effect on local, like China foundries in the latest regulations, as you probably know. But overall, our business is very diversified, not just in China but other geos. So -- and therefore, we feel the impact is limited and manageable. And like what John said, not just for remaining of the year, but also going forward.

Gary, good point, especially the indirect effect and also overall macroeconomic uncertainties. And we are carefully monitoring the situation on both of these fronts. As you know, we are more on the design side than on the volume of shipments. So on the macroeconomic trends, of course, there's a lot of news in the press, and we are carefully monitoring it. 
But right now, we see robust design activity. 
And as you know, we participate in all the market verticals. So even if some verticals may be weaker, on their shipment side, they will still do design. But then some verticals are still good on the shipment side as well. So with this combination of us being on the design side and then us being very diversified across multiple verticals, right now, we still see very robust design activity. And that's reflected in the results that we are reporting today, right, and our outlook for rest of the year. 
Now on the indirect effect on China, that's to be observed also. But again, we are pretty diversified. And then yes, there's always some effect on some of our customers. But again, we are pretty diversified. And then -- so we, right now, feel that, that's manageable, but we will carefully monitor that going forward.

Yes, Gary, that's a great point. And we are super excited about this new AI-based solution because like I mentioned earlier, this is a great opportunity for EDA to add more value to our customers. Because if you look at historically, EDA has always been like -- has done -- we have done a lot of great productivity improvements for our customers, but it has always been like a single-run environment, right? You run our tool 1 time, and then the multiple runs have been managed by the customers. Typically, when you do the design, you're not running our tools 1 time, you're running it multiple times. So with these data analytics and AI, we can really offer solutions in this multi-run environment. 
And so AI is a key part of that. But in a multi-run environment, you also have to manage the data because AI tools run on top of all the data that is generated. And we are very proud of this new JedAI platform. It's a new data analytics platform to capture all kinds of data in the design process. And that unifies our solutions across this space. And then we have 3, like, big apps on top of JedAI, on top of this data analytics. So one you already know, like Cadence Cerebrus, which was launched last year; Optimality, which is on the system space using some of the similar technologies as Cerebrus but applied to system simulation; and now Verisium in verification, which, by the way, verification, as you know, is one of the most time-consuming parts of the design flow and also the one that generates the most data. Logic simulation, hardware verification generates the most amount of data in EDA. So that's why it was critical to have JedAI to unify all these things, but also get ready for more data like in verification. 
And the adoption has been actually surprisingly good. And all the big customers are engaged. You see in Verisium, we have endorsement from several big customers. We talked about Cerebrus last time. So at this point, all the major customers really do want to deploy these solutions. And like I mentioned in the script, not just for 1 or 2 designs, we are seeing broader and broader adoption, and we are very happy with the progress so far.

Yes. Jay, that's a good question. And actually, I'm very pleased with our strength of portfolio in core EDA. And as you know, we have been doing increasingly well over the last couple of years. And I can say that Cadence -- core EDA portfolio is strong as it has ever been. And we want to apply our expertise in computational software to new areas like system analysis and system design and analysis, but it's super critical to maintain the leadership in the core because core always comes first. And then we take those expertise and apply to new areas like systems. So we are always focused on the core first. 
And core parts are, let's say, 3 big areas, right, in core EDA, digital, analog and verification at a high level. And I feel that we have a very strong portfolio now. In terms of contributions of growth, in analog, we were always strong, and I think there were some areas to improve in Spectre simulation, which have been fixed over the last 2 years. So I think analog is more steady. And you can see even this quarter, it grew a healthy 12%. But a lot of the growth has come from digital and not just Innovus, which is placed in route, but also now with synthesis and sign-off and Cerebrus. So I would say digital is growing very well also in terms of strengthening the position in the market. 
And then I'm especially pleased with verification. Now verification, there is systemic growth drivers that is helping hardware, but I think that some of it is strength of our portfolio, and some of it is hardware becomes more critical to the design portfolio. But in verification, I'm actually also pleased with Verisium, our logic simulator. I think that's doing really well in this year and over the last couple of years. And that completes our overall verification platform because we are now strong in hardware with Palladium and Protium. And then Jasper, we have always been the leading solution in formal verification. And with the strength of Xcelium, it completes our verification platform. 
So I would say the growth in core EDA is driven by digital, number one; verification, close second; and then maintaining and strengthening our position in analog.

This is Anirudh. First of all, I think you know already, I just want to remind you that we believe our business is more resilient. But of course, we are not immune to macroeconomic situation, right? So it will depend on -- at a high level, it will depend on if there is a recession, how severe the recession is, right? Is it a mild recession or it's like a very, very severe recession? So if it's a very, very severe recession, then, of course, nobody is immune to it. 
But in general, from our kind of business, I think there are 3 factors that makes it more resilient. So one, as you know, we are essential part of the design process. So we are not tied directly to volume or shipment modes to design activity and then design activities there, both in the semi companies and, of course, the system companies. And we are also expanding our portfolio into systems. 
So I think first part is we are more essential and tied to R&D. Second part, as you know, we are very ratable. Most of our revenue is ratable. And third part is we are very diversified in multiple geographies and verticals. So that gives us more resiliency than other companies in this environment. But of course, like I said, we are not immune to it, especially if there's a very severe kind of correction. And so we are carefully monitoring that. And I think when we talk to you next time in January, we'll have more information on the macro situation and can provide more color for next year.

But in general, your thesis is correct. I mean hardware almost become indispensable to the design of chips and electronic systems. So without these emulation and prototyping platforms, it's almost impossible to design that. And as the chips get bigger, as you go to near nodes, the chips, in terms of -- they get bigger in terms of number of gates, right, so the next node always has more gate than the previous node, even if the chip size is the same as you know. So as the chip number of gates gets larger. It requires more and more verification and emulation. 
So overall, I think there is a systemic kind of support of how much emulation and verification needs to be done. So it just depends on how that overall baseline growth required gets affected by any large macroeconomic shifts. But in general, these hardware platforms are almost indispensable now as you do design and almost all our big customers are relying on them. Yes.

Yes, that's a great point. I mean photonics is big, and then you also touched on package-level integration. So I mean these things again play to the -- we are in a good position there based to the strength of Cadence. A lot of these things are done in Virtuoso platform, which is the flagship platform, and then also Allegro, which is, again, a flagship platform for advanced packaging. 
And then over the last 4 years, we have built all these analysis tools, like Clarity and Celsius for electromagnetics and thermal, which are critical for photonics and 3D-IC. So we have a pretty broad solution. And that's the other exciting part is there are multiple vectors of growth that are possible with Cadence. And this is definitely a very exciting area, as you know. So we are working with all the -- because of our position in Virtuoso and Allegro and the new analysis tools, we are working in this very important market.

This is Anirudh. So I mean it's a good question. The real -- like I mentioned, we are pleased with the adoption of these AI-based solutions because I think it can provide more automation than what EDA tools have done in the past. And to some extent, they are also deflationary. We have opportunity, I think, for the entire industry to move more of the work from people to automation, from people to tools. 
And this is possible because we have JedAI and then Cerebrus, Optimality and Verisium. A lot of the lower-level tasks which were very mundane can be automated, and the designer can focus on more value-add, higher tasks. That's the theme of our kind of AI-based solution is we move the mundane work, make the designer focus on higher value work, help in terms of you need the same resources, can you do more work? 
And that theme is very popular, and I've met all these CEOs over the last 3 to 6 months. And that's even popular in a tough environment because there's need for more automation. And it's even more -- so this is actually very timely, the launch of AI-based solutions, launch of Cerebrus, because the productivity of the organization goes up and also productivity of its talent because a lot of companies, 1 big issue is they have large teams, which are deployed across multiple countries or locations. And the question always is, are you getting enough value from all the locations? And something like Cerebrus or AI-based solution naturally uplifts the talent of your whole organization because these algorithms are the same, whether they run in one part of the world or the other. 
So I think the AI-based solutions, this is very timely and appropriate in this kind of tough environment. And I think we have a very good platform with JedAI and then we have 3 major solutions on top of it. And we will do more. I mean you'll see more from us next year in this area. So we are very pleased with the progress, and I think it's very timely to the situation we are in, the macro situation.

Blair, this is Anirudh. Thanks for asking this question. That's a very important point. So in general, we really like these cloud offerings, especially for hardware. Because even if you think about in the regular cloud, right, with the CPU cloud by the big cloud vendors, what they're doing is they're amortizing hardware across multiple customers and moving from a -- more from a CapEx to OpEx model. So the cloud model has been successful in hardware first, right? And then you build all kinds of software solutions on top. 
So this is the same hope for our Palladium business. We would want more and more customers to go to our cloud offering because that also makes the hardware business more and more ratable and also gives a lot of flexibility to our customers because one of the issues with Palladium and Protium being even more popular than they are now is that sometimes the smaller companies are not able to deploy as much as some of the big companies because there is the upfront cost to get like a full Palladium rack. Whereas if you have them on the cloud, it gives access to a lot of small companies also to use hardware emulation as they're doing more and more complicated designs. And then the second reason, of course, it makes it more and more ratable. 
So we prefer -- we encourage all our customers to move to the cloud. And we have built infrastructure in data centers together with some big data center partners to have this capacity in the cloud. So now it depends on customer choice, right? Now if the customer wants to buy more for in-house use, then of course, we support that. But I think I feel customers are becoming more and more flexible in terms of whether they want to deploy on-prem or on the cloud, I mean, the hardware that they buy from us. And like what John was saying earlier, in this kind of tough environment, if they want to reduce CapEx and use more OpEx, then Palladium Cloud gives that opportunity, okay? So I mean this is something we have been building for several years, and we'll see how it goes. But in general, we want to encourage all our customers to move to the hardware cloud. 
On the -- on cloud, which is on the software piece, I think like we talked about in the last earnings call, that's also great for start-ups and also for system companies that don't have big IP department -- I mean IT departments and data centers. So we really feel that on cloud, that's why we started first with system products from Cadence, is suitable for -- because system companies, there could be like 50,000, 70,000 customers in that space. And then some of them are big, of course, and have their own data centers, but a lot of them are not as big and they prefer this kind of cloud. And it also helps us go to the long tail in a much more smarter way. 
We want to innovate not just on the product side but go-to-market side. So especially innovating on the system side, the long tail on cloud is great. And Palladium and Protium Cloud are even good for the EDA big customers because it gives more ratability and flexibility and choices on how they buy hardware. So overall, I think these are 2 very strategic areas for us. And we want to encourage our customers to use more and more of these cloud offerings.

Ruben, great points. So in general, in terms of the digital business, I think it's both, new customers and existing customers and taking share. In general, I think what's great about Cerebrus, one is, like I mentioned earlier, it does more automation of mundane task. It's almost like having automatic driving versus manual driving, right? You don't have to control all the knobs and all the tedious works. The tool does it for you. But it also unifies the platform. 
We've been talking about unified synthesis placement and sign-off from, I don't know, 2014 or 2015. But I think Cerebrus naturally unifies the whole platform, too, because it can work across the whole synthesis, place and route and sign-off. So like I mentioned in my comments, there is a pull-through of synthesis and sign-off, along with place and route through Cerebrus, and we are seeing that. So we are pleased with the progress we are making in synthesis and sign-off, along with place and route implementation. 
And then it does help in terms of full flow. So this drives like full flow wins, right, not just place and route. So I think in 2022, we have more than 40 new full flow wins. So that's helping our digital business. And you see this quarter, we had good growth in digital just like we had last quarter. 
Now on the hardware side, I mean that attach rate is there in the large kind of semi companies. But also there's a lot of hardware being used as system companies design semiconductors. Because by nature, as you know, system companies have more software, right? That's why they are a system company. So when you have software, you naturally need these hardware platform for software bring-up. So I think we are very pleased to see the growth of hardware, not just in the traditional large semi, but also in the large system companies. And then we try to do these new offerings, like I talked about, cloud, to help to lower barrier to entry for smaller companies, whether they're system or semi for hardware. 
So overall, I think we are pleased with the progress of both digital and hardware, and we just carefully monitor it going forward.

Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We are excited about our business momentum and the tremendous market opportunities ahead of us. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence, and we are grateful for the recognitions we have received over the years, including most recently being named as one of the world's best workplaces for seventh time by Fortune and Great Place to Work. We are also honored to be included in the Investor Business Daily's 100 Best ESG Companies for 2022, the fourth year in a row that we have achieved this recognition. 
On behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for your continued trust and confidence in Cadence. We look forward to speaking with you again on our Q4 2022 earnings call. Thank you, and have a great evening.