Good morning, and welcome to our business update conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. We like to thank you all for joining us this morning. 
Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. 
Prior to getting into the details of the update, I just first want to say my heart goes out to all those affected by the invasion of Ukraine. I know thousands of members of our Carnival family are directly impacted and have loved ones in the area. We, along with the rest of the world, are praying for a peaceful resolution. 
Now concerning our business. We're well on our way back to full cruise operations with 3/4 of our capacity having resumed guest operations and a plan to return the balance of the fleet for the summer season. And while the conversation around COVID-19 is greatly reduced, we still have to and are successfully actively managing. 
Our enhanced protocols have helped us become among the safest forms of socializing and travel with far lower incident rates than on land. In fact, we have carried more than 2 million since resuming guest operations. Our guests are enjoying great vacations, and we are enjoying historically high guest satisfaction scores. 
Of course, we have not lost sight of our highest responsibility and therefore our top priority, which is always compliance; environmental protection; and the health, safety and well-being of everyone, our guests, the people and the communities we touch and serve, and of course, our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside. 
I'd like to start today by sincerely thanking our Carnival team members for their significant contributions which collectively have gotten us to where we are today despite a multitude of challenges. Through their collective efforts, so far, we successfully returned 64 ships to guest operations; enabled over 70,000 crew members to return to work, happy, healthy and vaccinated through our team's considerable efforts to secure and distribute vaccines; reopened our 8 owned and operated private destinations and port facilities, which about half of our guests have experienced since resuming operations: Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, Grand Turk, Mahogany Bay, Amber Cove, Cozumel, Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona; and most importantly, delivered 2.2 million joyful vacations and counting. 
At the same time, we also managed down operating costs, reducing our monthly adjusted EBITDA losses by 40% since mid-2020; completed a continuous stream of capital raising, exceeding $29 billion; refinanced more than $9 billion of debt, improving interest rates; amended over 100 different lender agreements; and successfully addressed our maturity out through 2024, all of which culminated in a consistent liquidity position exceeding $7 billion, an integral part of reinforcing stakeholder confidence. 
At our scale, the sheer volume of these accomplishments is no small feat, yet these challenging operational deliverables were achieved while encountering strong headwinds like Delta; Omicron; complex, constraining and constantly changing regulations and protocols; and more recently, the very troubling invasion of Ukraine, all of which undermine consumer confidence and generated greater friction on cross-border travel, labor, supply chain, itinerary planning and more. 
Now concerning the invasion of Ukraine. For the 4.6% of our capacity that was expected to call on Russian ports in the remainder of the year, we have decided to totally withdraw from Russia and have found attractive alternatives. That said, St. Petersburg was a marquee port for us. And while there have been times where we were unable to offer certain high-yielding itineraries, in this instance, the close-in nature of the deployment change does lead to some regional disruption in recent booking patterns. Now while the invasion has added some volatility to our business and does impact consumer confidence, with 50 years under our belt, we have successfully managed through a plethora of headwinds like spikes in fuel prices, the Gulf War, Arab Spring, September 11, Ebola, Zika, SARS, MERS and more. And once again, the mobility of ships continues to be an asset. Time and time again, we have seen guests travel through challenges. In fact, Carnival Cruise Line turned 50 this month and recently enjoyed its 3 best weeks of bookings since resuming operations. 
As we previously disclosed, we had experienced an impact on booking patterns more broadly at the start of our fiscal year due to the Omicron variant. Despite Omicron, guests carried grew by nearly 20% in the first quarter, of course, albeit less than we would have otherwise achieved without the elevated cancellations which occurred, in part, due to a higher incidence of pretravel positive COVID test results as well as the difficulties that many prospective guests experienced obtaining timely tests. Moreover, that was just an overall impact Omicron had on our society over the course of our first quarter. 
However, we did maintain price as we said we would, and we fully expect an extended wave season. In fact, we're already achieving occupancies in the month of March that are nearing 70% with more than 40 sailings exceeding 100% occupancy, a testament to the underlying demand for cruise and closer-in nature of booking patterns. 
Concerning recent fuel prices, it's certainly not the first time we've seen a dramatic spike in fuel prices. Helping to address that, we aggressively manage our consumption, and we are stepping up our efforts to further reduce consumption. Now historically, we have not used fuel derivatives. And while there is an optics benefit of smoothing earnings, over time, prices have gone up, and they've also come down. But there is an economic cost to derivatives. Over the past few years, we're very glad not to have speculated with few derivatives because it would have been a further drain on cash. 
With our proactive efforts to reduce our carbon footprint since 2007, we have reduced our unit fuel consumption nearly 30% and carbon intensity nearly 25% through 2019. And thanks to accelerated efforts across the board, upon reaching full fleet operations, we anticipate that we will achieve a further 10% reduction in unit fuel consumption and 9% reduction in carbon intensity as compared to 2019. In fact, we've been working hard to resume operations, not only a strong operating company, but a more sustainable, better, all-around company. 
We made further strides towards those efforts again this quarter. During the quarter, we enhanced our fleet optimization efforts, delivering 3 new ships: Costa Toscana, AIDAcosma and Discovery Princess, bringing the total to 9 larger, more efficient ships delivered since 2019. 
Moreover, we've announced the removal of an additional 3 smaller, less efficient ships, bringing the total to 22 ships to be removed from the fleet also since 2019. The accelerated removal of these less efficient ships has lowered capacity growth to 2.2% compound annually from the previous 4.5% through 2025, which should enable us to capitalize on pent-up demand on intentionally constrained capacity. 
The fleet optimization effort will also foster higher revenues through a 7 percentage point increase in premium-priced balcony cabins and an even better platform for onboard revenue opportunities as well as generating a 5% reduction in ship-level unit costs, excluding fuel, going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line. 
Upon returning to full operations, nearly 1/4 of our capacity will consist of newly delivered ships, expediting our return to profitability and improving our return on invested capital. Again, we have long since recognize the importance of reducing our carbon footprint, having peaked our absolute carbon emissions more than a decade ago. And we are continuing to innovate to effect change. 
AIDAprima will become our first ship to pilot battery power, enabling her to optimize the efficiency of the engines while at sea, reducing emissions. We also signed groundbreaking agreements through our subsidiary, Ecospray, to partner in the production of green bio-LNG generated from waste sources. In addition, we continue to invest to drive energy efficiency, rolling out our fourth in a series of 23 ships with innovative air lubrication system, which reduces drag on the haul and generates nearly 5% reduction in carbon emissions. 
We've also taken strides to reduce our impact on climate change and mitigate climate risk in our business. We are working toward full adoption of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, that's TCFD, and have begun by reinforcing our strong governance framework with my assuming the role of Chief Climate Officer and with the formation of our Strategic Risk Evaluation Committee to further support climate-related strategic decision-making and risk management processes. 
Having broadened our commitments to ESG with the introduction of our 2030 sustainability goals and our 2050 aspirations, we are tracking ahead on both our important food waste and single-use plastic reduction efforts. And we are nearing completion on the rollout of more than 600 food waste biodigesters across our fleet, the most advanced technology of its kind. 
We believe we have clearly maximized our return to service, and we have positioned our company well to withstand volatility on our path to profitability. Throughout the pause, we have been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger and more efficient operating company to maximize cash generation and to deliver double-digit return on invested capital over time. Again, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. 
There have been multiple demonstrations of the resilience of the human spirit and the resilience of our business. It is heartening that our company can be a part of bringing our guests much-needed social enjoyment with family and with friends, along with the excitement of experiencing new destinations and cultures, all dearly missed throughout the pandemic. 
I referenced Carnival Cruise Line celebrating 50 years. 50 years, frankly, seems such a short time ago that Ted Arison started Carnival Cruise Line, and along with Micky, built the modern-day cruise industry, bringing joy for millions upon on millions of guests and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs with all that means and creating better quality of life around the world. 
Of course, it cannot have been done without the overwhelming support from everyone. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thank you to our home port and destination communities. Thank you to our suppliers and other many stakeholders. And of course, thank you to our shareholders, bondholders, banks and the export credit agencies for your continued confidence in us and for your ongoing support. And again, I would like to thank our team members for their dedication, their commitment and their outstanding execution. We are excited to welcome everyone back onboard. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.

Robin, I'll have David comment a little bit on both. But directionally, on the cost question, as he articulated, we had a lot of capacity out in dry dock, et cetera. So we're doing stuff over a smaller number of birds in terms of looking at the cost increases, and we had lots of onetime costs and so on. So we're not giving guidance for next year. But as he indicated, as you look through the second half of the year and see how the cost increases will be softer, we're pointing in the right direction. And we've done a lot of things going forward, including with the change in the fleet with a significant part of our capacity 25% being new ships which are inherently more efficient but also all the active management, things we've done with the existing fleet, the pre-existing fleet, exiting less efficient ships and so on and then shoreside as well. We're doing a number of things to offset inflation and to just make ourselves a better company from a cost infrastructure standpoint. 
So David, I'll let you comment on the cost, and we can get back to the revenue. David, go ahead.

Thanks, David. Do you want to start on the revenue, David? And I can wrap up. Go ahead.

Haven't seen any particular slowdown or anything like that in terms of onboard spend. It's been very strong, has continued to be healthy around the world. It has been up everywhere, so I don't see major distinctions from one geography to the next. 
As we get to full occupancy and we carry more kids in the summer, that kind of thing, you can see the kind of per diems maybe will change a little bit. But overall, the spending is significantly up and has continued to be so far.

We've had good liquidity through this period. We will obviously continue to monitor. But as we move ahead and get more of our ships sailing and are able to generate obviously more revenue and more customer deposits, et cetera, at this stage, we feel we're in good shape on liquidity and see that going forward. If something changes, of course, obviously, we'll report at that time. But right now, we feel good about our liquidity position. David? Go ahead, David.

We're certainly -- thanks for your question, first of all. We're certainly going to continue to work hard to make certain that prices hold and accelerate, and we'll have to see in the end we're managing yield. And so we want to optimize occupancy and price. Right now, there's lots of demand. We obviously will be ramping up our advertising and promotional efforts as time goes on. We have increased already, but it's still well below where we were in 2019. We've gotten smarter and more efficient in how we do that. And so we want to create more demand and keep it going. But as you've heard from what we reported so far, pricing is strong, and we've been able to maintain price. David, I don't know if you want to add any more color.

First of all, your understandings are right. It is apples and oranges. There are a number of differences, not the least of which is we're on different fiscal quarters and so even the month by month. You have timing. Then you also, obviously, in addition to that, is cabin mix. It's itinerary mix, as you mentioned, composition of the European itineraries. And right now, you have big itinerary changes because a lot of our lucrative itineraries which would be similar for some of the others perhaps, too, but we may have more of it in terms of world cruises and more exotic cruises and so on and so forth. 
But anyway, all those things are different. When we try our best to kind of normalize all that, which is extremely difficult to do, and try to match up month-by-month, when we've done that, we see that we're doing as well of, and in some cases, better than the others. In the recent times, one has done better on price. But at the same time, they've not done as well in occupancy. And so in the end, we don't see a big performance difference on that when we try to match up. But it is apples and oranges. David, I don't know if you want to add anything else.

Well, first of all, we're delighted to see that the Australian government is not extending the ban on cruises beyond the April 17 date. And we've already announced, as you are aware, P&O Australia is going to start selling late May in Australia. And so we're happy to be bringing joyful cruise vacations to Australians again and giving people who want to cruise in Australia an opportunity to do so. So we're excited about that. 
China, we'll have to see how things pan out there. Right now, it's still not practical. And as we've always said with China, when we're able to do it profitably, we'll do it. And when we can't, we won't. And so we continue to work with the authorities there and other places that are still not yet quite open to eventually get it open for cruise in a way that makes sense for everyone. So that's that. 
The fed hasn't called me today either, by the way. But I would say, overall, things are really looking good. I mean, we're -- 75% of the ships are now sailing. Whether we'll put another ship into Australia for the Carnival brand, that's a decision to be made over time. But almost certainly, given the demand in Australia historically for the various brands, it would not be illogical to think at some point, once things are up and going again, Carnival would have an even greater presence. So but at this point, we don't have any specific plans. Right now, we'll see how things pan out.

And by the way...

Yes. And Carnival is doing so well. I mean, it's led the way period in terms of occupancy, has been strong yields. We've had unbelievable bookings the past few weeks, wave-level bookings in the Carnival brand in the last few weeks here and is super positive for the brand and a good, hopefully, leading indicator for the overall industry.

Absolutely. Yes, there's no question, consumer confidence, uncertainty driven by all the various dynamics, COVID, the invasion in Ukraine and all that. But clearly, there's momentum.

Yes. I'll take the second part and let David tell you about the dry-dock days. In terms of Omicron, as we said in the opening comments, it clearly had an effect on consumer confidence, and it caused disruption. People either were testing positive, so they couldn't cruise or they weren't able to get timely tests. And then there was just the overall guest impact on society and uncertainty and uneasiness that Omicron created. It's tough to quantify it and isolate it to say this was all Omicron, and this was something else. But the bottom line is it had an impact. It had an impact on wave and which is why we feel -- partly why we feel now we have an extended wave season and are seeing that rebound now. But we did get through it. We got through it and just as we got through Delta. And now, there's lots of momentum and things are clearly pointed in the right direction. 
So go ahead, David, on the dry-dock days.

I think we'll have to see what happens with the variants. But clearly, society is better prepared. There's better understanding of transmission, of epidemiology, of everything. More people are vaccinated. That's the biggie, of course. And people -- and fewer and fewer people are getting really sick from, whether it's Omicron or the B variant of Omicron or whatever. And so the focus is shifting more to where it should be, which is hospitalizations, or worse -- long-term effects are worse. And as long as I think society doesn't see a huge ramp-up in that from some variants, then you're absolutely right. People are learning how to live with it and live with it safely and comfortably. 
And of course, our protocols have been -- have served us very well. On the ships, we are far better than the equivalent incidents on land, partly because of the testing, the vaccinations, all the other protocols we have in place. And so we're amongst the safest forms of socialization there is, and we've learned a lot about how to manage. And so through Delta, through Omicron, through all those, we have had much lower incidents than what you would find on land and have gotten pretty adept at serving the best interest of public health and dealing with it. 
But overall, society is getting used to it. And as long as hospitalizations don't ramp up or worse, then you would think the trend you're seeing today would continue.

Definitely more North American oriented, not only the Carnival brand. I think the better characterization would be kind of traditional itineraries that people have been used to. And so in a number of cases, of course, we've had alter itineraries because destinations weren't available or they had protocols, et cetera, that made it difficult to take guests there and what have you. 
But overall, I think the most important aspect of that is you're talking a lot of sailings at 100%, which is showing that things are definitely coming back and that we have the ability to sell at 100% with protocols and still serve -- still in the best interest of public health with really good outcomes from a health and safety standpoint. So that's how I would characterize it. There's still a lot of destinations elsewhere that have restrictions. There's additional protocols, the regulatory of 9 brands all over the world. There's all kinds of regulations and protocols, not just in home markets, but in destination markets that we have to deal with. And all of that creates challenge. But it's becoming less. And we are moving towards full occupancies over time and having all of the ship sail.

Thank you all. Operator, thank you very much. But everyone, thank you. We appreciate your interest in us. We're very excited about welcoming people back onboard. Again, our heart goes out to all of those impacted by the Ukraine invasion, and -- but we're looking forward to peace there and brighter days ahead. Thank you.