Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the Q -- the first quarter. Based on the strength of our Q1 business and continuing momentum, we are raising our guidance for the year. John will provide details in a moment.
The data-driven economy is being propelled by key technology waves of mobile, cloud/data center, edge computing, automotive, and most significantly, machine learning. These technologies create massive amounts of data which need to be processed, analyzed, transmitted and stored. These require power-efficient processing, high-bandwidth transmission and high-density storage which, in turn, are driving an increase in design activity and broad-based demand for our innovative system design enablement solution.
Now I will review some of the highlights from Q1. Our system design enablement strategy enables us to increase our footprint with system companies and tailor our solution for vertical market segments. One of these vertical segments is aerospace and defense where in Q1, we expanded our business with large orders from these companies.
Turning to products. Our digital and signoff business continued its strong market momentum in Q1. We collaborated with Imec, an international research and innovation hub, on the industry-first 3-nanometer cache chip tapeout using Cadence Innovus Implementation Systems and Genus Synthesis Solution. We continue to proliferate our digital solutions within market-shaping customers. And we broadened adoptions among other customers, including a major defense contractor that would use our digital flow for in-house chip design. Both a leading networking company and a top communication processor company adopted our digital flow for 7-nanometer designs, continuing our momentum at the most advanced process node.
We achieved strong performance with our system design and verification solutions in Q1. The Cadence verification suite marked a strong quarter as the business grew over 20% year-over-year. Palladium added 5 new customers, and we booked 17 repeat orders. And Protium S1, targeting the prototyping market, continued to ramp as customers realized faster design bring-up due to common front end with our Palladium Z1 platform. During the quarter, we added 4 new Protium customers and booked 5 repeat orders.
Our hardware products nicely complement the software solutions in our verification suite: Xcelium for parallel simulation and JasperGold for formal verification. 30 additional customers adopted Xcelium in Q1.
Our custom and analog design business continued to do extremely well, and we lead the market with our flagship Virtuoso product line. We introduced major enhancements to our Virtuoso custom IC design platform that improves electronic system and IC design productivity. A new set of innovative methodologies and technologies, including support for 5-nanometer nodes lead to more than a 3x reduction in FinFET layout effort. One of our automotive customers, Bosch, endorsed the new system, saying that their long-term collaboration with Cadence has led to crucial innovation in both electrical-aware and a new electrical-driven layout design. Customers, including defense contractors, analog semiconductor companies and mobile chip makers, are adopting our Virtuoso system design platform, especially for products using heterogeneous multi-die integration.
Our IP business, with its refined strategy and augmented road map, is well positioned to take advantage of continuing outsourcing trends. Momentum for our flagship DDR and PCIe products continued with significant wins, especially for 7-nanometer designs. We announced a new Tensilica Vision Q6, our latest processor for embedded vision and on-device AI applications built on a new faster processor architecture. The Vision Q6 builds upon our highly successful Vision P6 that is used in many leading application processors, including Kirin 970 SoC from HiSilicon.
Finally, I want to talk about the culture we are building at Cadence that underlines all our success. We are committed to driving an innovative and incisive culture that embrace the diversity of our global workforce. The strength of our culture is highlighted by the recognition we received from Fortune. We earned the #38 spot on the list of Fortune's Top 100 Best Companies to Work For and are proud to make the list for the fourth year in a row. Our commitment to innovation can be seen in more than 20 significant new products the Cadence team has developed in the past 3 years. We are also focused on supporting our global communities and have been recognized by the Fortune as a Best Workplace for Giving Back.
When I joined the company, one of my top priorities had been building a culture that differentiate Cadence. We can be proud of what we have accomplished. I am encouraged by the progress we are making, and we will continue to make our culture central to our business strategy.
Before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. We drove excellent results through consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of our solutions to meet the needs of the data-driven economy. We are raising our guidance for the year on the strength of our business. Our growing aerospace and defense business had a strong quarter. We continued to grow adoption of our digital flow for 7-nanometer designs, and we introduced a major upgrade of our flagship Virtuoso platform product line for custom/analog designs and a new higher-performance Tensilica processor for vision and AI applications.
With that, I would now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.

Yes, on the M&A front, Gary, I think the board and the management are laser-focused on creating shareholder value, strategic-driven and disciplined approach. And our M&A philosophy has always been very disciplined and -- to tie into our EDA SDE strategy and also focused on customers with differentiating technology products and then attracting the best talent in terms of managerial or technical talents and also able to provide a compelling return on investment and acquisition. We review it with our board, with our management, hold ourselves accountable for all the key acquisitions. And so that had been our discipline for doing that. So I think we're going to continue, laser-focused on our internal development and using M&A to supplement our organic growth.

Gary, if I can add, is our system and IC business are doing well. And we, first of all, focus on our tool in IP supporting our IC customers and then, meanwhile, approach the system design enablement to tailor some of our solution in IP to meet the customer in the systems side in terms of driving some of the success, especially in the PCB and the system integrity analysis side. And then now, we're starting to really pursuing the automotive, and then we have great success this quarter and last quarter. Same thing with aerospace and defense that we highlight this quarter, that we received multiple large orders from several of these defense and contractor and aerospace companies. We are delighted some of these vertical markets we are pursuing. And same thing with automotive. And the last quarter, we highlight a very strategic relationship with a market-shaping automotive maker in terms of software and hardware IP service solutions. And then the other part, we also signed last year in the beginning, a large design IP with a major semiconductor customer, automotive customer. And then the other part, we're also very pursuing the cloud/data center, the optimization and -- in terms of driving some of the success and solution for them. Clearly, nusemi is a great acquisition for us so that we can really provide that ultrahigh-speed connectivity for them.

And then, Monika, I think just to add on, clearly, this -- we're excited about the IP business and the outsourcing trend is continue. And clearly, we have some of the most differentiating IP under this new, refined, augmented strategy and then focus on the most advanced nodes. And then the other part is some of the -- Tensilica, we highlight this new -- the Q6, and then also the nusemi acquisition for the high-speed SerDes, and then also the DDR and PCIe. So we have a very good portfolio to drive some of the success for our system and semiconductor customers.

Yes, we just announced recently. And so far, the response from customer is very positive because clearly, this is based upon the success of the Vision P6. They are very widely, broadly adopted for the application processor. And meanwhile, this is a higher performance, and also, we are quietly building up our software capability, the algorithm capability and that we can provide the overall solution for not just for vision, not just for audio, and then now we can really -- driving some of the embedded vision and on then on device, artificial intelligence application that will be broadly -- hopefully will be broadly adopted.

Sure. So I think as I highlighted, that clearly, we are very pleased with our system verification suite. And that grew 20% year-over-year. And with that, clearly, our hardware business, as John highlighted, we have a strong backlog from last year. And then Q1, also a very strong quarter both for Palladium and Protium. We highlight the 5 new customers and then 17 repeat orders for Palladium. And then for Protium, that is a prototyping, we are also very delighted with 4 new Protium S1 customers and 5 repeat orders. And then Xcelium, if you recall, is the integration of Rocketick and Incisive and then we completely integrate together. We are delighted this quarter, we have 30, 3-0, new customers adopting it. So we overall -- I think verification is critical for all the complex design. I think we have an entire suite from hardware and software able to provide to customers the most compelling. And also clearly, customers see the benefit of the quicker design using the same front end as the Palladium Z1. That is very attractive for them.

Yes. So I think, Jay, a couple of points. And one, I think I highlighted with Imec collaborations, we announced the 3-nanometer quadruple patterning test chip and successfully taped out. We are very pleased with that. And then clearly, our volume business is in the 14-, 16-nanometer in terms of from a customer point of view, but we're moving very rapidly into the 7- and 5-nanometer. A lot of our design activities, a lot of our IP engagement is in the 7- and 5-nanometer. And so far, like every new process node, there's opportunity for us to help our customer to win in the marketplace so that it can proliferate. And so clearly, we are excited about the opportunity in front. The tool with the distributed -- the processing and then the [ massively ] parallel, that have been our advantage, and right now, we're using machine learning, deep learning, to even drive further advantage in terms of PPA run time and also some of the verification, we are applying our machine learning, deep learning capability into our tool. At the end of the day, it's supporting our customer to faster to design and verify so that they can go for production and win in the marketplace.

Yes, so Farhan, this is Lip-Bu. And clearly, the hardware business, we are very pleased with our performance and in terms of Z1 and also our Protium S1, this is a prototyping side. And clearly, in the verification, this is very important for the verifying of their design. And we are excited, our hardware and software really complement the full suite to really providing our customer. So I think overall, we are very excited about what we have, and we've made great progress, 20% year-to-year growth. And we respect our competitors and -- in what they are doing, and so we continue to compete in the marketplace.

Yes, this is Lip-Bu, Rich, and thanks for the questions. And as I mentioned multiple times, hardware is a very lumpy business. And we have -- last year, I think the first half had a little bit soft start, but we have finished very strong in Q4, and that momentum carried us in the Q1. As I mentioned, we have in hardware, Palladium Z1, we have 5 new customers and 17 repeat customers and orders. And then the Protium, we have 4 new Protium customers and 5 repeat customers. And so overall, I think it's not just the hardware. And also, our software, Xcelium, we have 30 new customers in this quarter. Finally, we put it together with the Rocketick integrations and for the parallel simulation. And then the other part is the formal verification for JasperGold. So overall, I think it's -- like John mentioned, across the board, the whole verification is strong, and we are very delighted to provide that entire verification suite for our customers.

Yes, if I can add, it's just we are excited about our digital flow. And as I mentioned, a couple of very successful ones we have, the leading networking company adopting us and then the top provider of the communication processor adopting us on the 7-nanometer. Last quarter, we highlight a premier hyperscale and moving into the 7-nanometer, they're using our entire suite. And overall, I think it's just continue the proliferation with the market-shaping customers and that we continue to expand that footprint, just stay tuned.

Yes, I think clearly -- as we mentioned, that is refined strategy and augmented road map, just want to highlight to you, we are pursuing more scalable and more profitable focus. And we are focusing on the most advanced nodes, and we are focused on customer success and we are focused on the star IP, like the Tensilica, like the nusemi ultrahigh-speed SerDes, so we're going to continue to build on that. The high differentiating IP, they are the most leading edge, and then we really focus on scalability. We don't do that kind of one-off type of things and really focus on the quality.

Yes, I think as I mentioned, the outsourcing trend continues. I think clearly, from the -- our customer point of view, unless they really need to have that IP to differentiate their product offering, some of the industry standards and as long as reliable -- that's why we want to position ourselves as a reliable, trusted, high-quality IP provider. I think over time, there's a lot of room for growth. And we are excited. That's why John mentioned this will be our highest percentage of growth in terms of our product line, and we are excited about this IP, and especially applying to some of the key verticals, either that hyperscale data center, the distributed data center, vertical data center, the automotive, and then in terms of the mil/aero related area, there's a lot of very unique IP that, over time, we can build and acquire to do that.

Yes, I can't put out where we are. All I can say is, like the baseball terminology, still in the early round.

Yes, so I think, Sterling, first of all, we are focusing on some of this, we call it, high-speed connectivity side and either the USB or PCIe or high-speed SerDes, addressing some of the data storage-related requirement, and then using the Tensilica to drive some of the AI, autonomous driving and how to work with the vision sensor-related. So I think we have 2 parts. One is providing our tools and IP to help our customers to design some of these ADAS and then some of this requirement for autonomous driving. And like last quarter, we highlight the premier automotive maker adopting some of our key IP for doing that. And then the other part is really addressing some of the AI on the vision, audio and then on this on-device AI application and beyond. And so there's a lot. AI, machine learning is so broad. You can move into -- beside the data center, beside the mobile, automotive -- autonomous driving, and even some of the medical genomic sequencing, that's a lot. It's fascinating, and we are just touching the surface. And so there's a lot of room to grow there.

No, not much. I think pretty much the same and there are requirement for their design. And so clearly, there's a lot of opportunity, as I mentioned earlier. I just want to add on to it, the whole silicon photonics, the whole quantum computing and with AI, and so there's a lot of new compute architectures that come out on the hardware and software, and we are fascinatingly exciting they're going to drive the semiconductor development growth. We see the design activity increase a lot for us.

Not a lot. Clearly, we doubled, tripled down on our leadership. And then that's why we highlight this Virtuoso custom IC new platform. It's a significant major enhancement that's able to drive all the way down to 5-nanometer process nodes and then with our leading partners in the foundry. And also, I think we drive some of the new innovative methodology and technology that drive more than 3x reduction in FinFET layout effort. That is huge. In terms of customers, love it. And then we just highlight one of the customers, Bosch, and they see tremendous value for that. And we also see defense contractors, analog semiconductor company, mobile chip makers rapidly adopting our Virtuoso new tool that we just announced, and the response has been overwhelming.

In general, pretty much the same. They all want to design the silicon or their system. And then we have a very unique position. Beside our tool, we have IP and we also have the PCB side and the system simulation, especially the power, are critical for them. And then the only difference on the system guy and time to market is more critical for them. Because they want to win in the marketplace, first-mover advantage is critical for their success, and they are more focused on the time to market and also they are focused more on the quality of the products. And clearly, they appreciate the value that we provide. And so I think we are delighted to work with them. Our job is basically make sure that our tool and IP may help them to design the most complex chip, the most complex system they have. And in some way, we partner with some of our partners, like MathWorks. And we are delighted to work with them. Clearly, with our PC -- PSpice and with the tool, we make a more integrated solution from the system-level design all the way to the chipboard implementation. That is really a [ welcome ] from an automotive and some of the new aerospace, and we are delighted. And so -- and we also, last quarter, we did an acquisition, on SFM, and really driving the ECAD-MCAD library creation. And this whole mechatronics is really taking off. So we are excited about all this opportunity in front of us.

Yes, so far, I think overall, our revenue growing and so our semi growing and our system also growing very fast. And so we are delighted. I think both engines are growing nicely. And then John, you may want to highlight.

In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well positioned with our system design enablement strategy to further proliferate our solution with a broad base of customers, and we are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we are building at Cadence. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners, Board of Directors and hard-working global employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.