Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
Excitedly, we are on a path to return the full fleet operations, and we are very happy to continue to welcome our loyal guests back on board as well as to welcome new guests. And we're working diligently to have offerings that serve all of our guests in a way that is compliant in the home ports and destinations we touch while serving the best interest of public health.
So far, we've announced the resumption of operations for 42 ships across 8 of our 9 brands by fiscal year-end, and that represents over half of our fleet capacity returning to guest cruise operations. And this includes what we expect to be a very successful relaunching of cruising in the U.K. later this week with P&O Cruises Britannia; and sailing, once again, from the United States on Carnival Horizon over the fourth of July. In fact, Carnival Horizon will be joined by 9 other ships restarting in the United States by the end of August.
We're evaluating additional deployment options throughout the fall and winter period with a focus on maximizing future cash flow while delivering a great guest experience in a way that, of course, serves the best interest of public health. Again, our highest responsibility and therefore, our top priority is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of our guests, of the people and the communities we touch and serve and, of course, our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside.
We continue to work toward resuming operations also in Australia and Asia. And while we can't predict the pace of the ramp-up to full fleet operations, we continue to expect full operations well before our important summer season next year.
In the near term, we will be impacted by physical distancing requirements on a portion of our cruises, which limits our historically high occupancy levels. And also near term, we'll be impacted by restricted deployment options as not all of the 700 ports we visit are receiving guests just yet. As more people receive vaccine treatment, continue to advance and as mitigation of the spread of the virus continues, current restrictions, of course, will also evolve, and we're confident we will eventually be able to sail without these restrictions.
Throughout this call, we have been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger operating company. Our strategic decision to accelerate the exit of 19 ships has lowered our capacity growth to roughly 2.5% compounded annually from 2019 through 2025. That's down from 4.5% pre-COVID. Moreover, we have opportunistically rebalanced our portfolio through the ship access as well as the ship transfer any modifications to our new build schedule. The combination of which will transfer 8,000 berths from our Continental European brands to America's favorite cruise line, Carnival Cruise Line, to optimize the current environment, maximize cash generation and improve our return on invested capital.
While overall fleet capacity growth is constrained, we will benefit from an exciting roster of new ships spread across our brands to capitalize on the pent-up demand and drive even more enthusiasm, excitement and demand around our restart plans. Nearly every brand will still have a new ship welcoming guests for the first time, beginning with our namesake brand, Carnival, introducing the new Mardi Gras. Now it's no small task to successfully address the challenge of honoring the original Mardi Gras. The ship that began the advent of our corporation and has been said, the advent of the a modern-day cruising, but the new Mardi Gras does just that.
Recently, featured on Good Morning America, Mardi Gras has many features, including the first ever rollercoaster at sea, BOLT. And trust me, I know from personal experience, it is indeed a thrill to ride.
Premium brands, Holland America. We introduced the new Rotterdam, sister ship to the very successful Koningsdam and Nieuw Statendam. Princess will welcome guests aboard another new MedallionClass ship, Enchanted Princess. And ultra luxury brand Seabourn will welcome Seabourn Venture with its world-class expedition team and spectacular 360-degree view submarine.
For the U.K., we enjoyed a phenomenal virtual naming ceremony for Iona. Iona's inaugural sailing will be August 7. For Germany, we will introduce LNG-powered AIDAcosma, sister to the also highly successful AIDAnova. And for Southern Europe, Costa Firenze, and LNG-powered Costa Toscana will replace the exit of several less efficient ships.
We enjoy our structural benefit to revenue from these exciting new shifts due to the richer mix of premium-priced balcony cabins, which will increase 6 percentage points to 55% of our fleet in 2023. And we will achieve a further structural benefit to unit costs as we introduce these new larger, more efficient ships, coupled with the 19 ships leaving the fleet, which were among our lease position. Again, the combination of which will generate a 4% reduction in ship level unit costs and a 3% reduction in unit fuel consumption going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line.
Moreover, we've continued to find efficiencies across our existing fleet to reduce our costs further as well as planning for streamlined shoreside operations as we ramp back up to full fleet operations. Our advertising efforts continue to evolve with heavy utilization of direct mail and other lower-cost channels such as digital and public relations-driven earned media as compared to higher cost traditional channels. In fact, we have outstanding public relations opportunities coming up such as the 50-year anniversary for both our namesake brand, Carnival Cruise Line and the origin of our corporation.
Also, we celebrated the 25th anniversary for our AIDA brand. AIDA initiated an exclusive cooperation with Germany's #1 newspaper in conjunction with the jubilee and their return to service. The [ 3 states ] went viral creating continuous moves and onboard content that captured front page news, both print and online. Of course, we always leveraged the excitement of our new builds to draw media attention. So just a couple of weeks ago, the arrival of Mardi Gras into the U.S. and Port Canaveral attracted extensive media attention. And just last month, our virtual naming ceremony that I mentioned earlier with P&O U.K. at Iona captured record-breaking media, receiving billions of media pressures, far exceeding the reach of any prior U.K. naming event.
Meanwhile, despite our minimal advertising spend, we continue to experience an acceleration in booking trends globally, including capturing significant latent demand for our new sailings opening this summer. The strong initial demand has affirmed confidence in our future and indicates a potential for pricing strength over time. Also, we see the potential for improved EBITDA in 2023 compared to 2019, driven primarily by the revenue growth from the introduction of new ships, along with the potential for a higher revenue yield given pent-up demand and the benefit of a richer mix of premium cabins, coupled with structurally lower costs from the replacement of smaller, less efficient vessels with larger, more efficient vessels.
And at the same time, we are working aggressively to lower interest costs. I want to acknowledge here David Bernstein and our entire finance team for their very successful efforts in helping us to manage the balance sheet. As we said in our press release this morning, the company successfully refinanced a $2.8 billion term loan and an annual future interest savings of over $120 million. And this is the first of many opportunistically finances that we expect to undertake.
Also importantly, we've continued to make advancements in our sustainability efforts. In fact, earlier this week, we published our 2030 sustainability goals and our 2050 sustainability aspirations, which you can find in the press release issued earlier this week and online at our sustainability website, www.carnivalsustainability.com. A key focus of those sustainability efforts is our continued emphasis on the important issue of carbon emission reduction. And as we previously shared, our absolute level of carbon emissions peaked in 2011. That's despite over 20% capacity growth since that time. And it will remain below those levels as we capitalize on our industry-leading efforts to develop and roll out new technologies. 
This includes examples such as shore power. Over 40% of our fleet is capable of plugging in while in port, and liquefied natural gas. We have 11 LNG ships either currently in the fleet or under construction, which will power nearly 20% of our total fleet capacity by 2025. In addition, 77 of our ships are fitted with advanced air quality systems, which benefit our overall emissions profile, and we will continue to aggressively explore new technologies as we work towards net zero emissions over time.
During this [ cause ], we have made continuous improvements in other environmental, social and governance areas. We consider food waste another important place to focus our efforts. Food production, much of which is wasted, is among the largest contributors to global warming. Now we've taken measures to dramatically reduce our per person food waste and have made good progress toward our initial goal of reducing our food waste by 30% by 2022. Among many efforts to honor our commitment to reduce our impact on the environment, we are installing food waste digesters onboard our fleet where needed, and these units will help to mitigate the risk of any nonfood waste discharge.
And we are honoring our commitment to diversity and inclusion. Now we already have a diverse workforce with our crew hailing from nearly 150 countries. In addition, half of our operating companies are led by women executives. And we've been recognized by Forbes as America's Best Large Employers as well as America's Best Employers for Diversity and America's Best Employers for Women. We were named the Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award winner in 2021, recognizing the company as one of the best places to work, but we are still striving for diversity at all levels and in all areas of our greater enterprise.
Therefore, we are working proactively to engineer diversity through our recruiting and development efforts, and we're also striving for greater inclusion, where every employee feels they have the opportunity to make the contribution they want to, to be recognized or rewarded for those contributions and to realize their individual career aspirations.
Agility has been a key strength over the last 15 months. We expect the environment to remain dynamic as we roll out our fleet while continuing to adapt to an ever-changing situation. So we're working aggressively to return our fleet again to operations as quickly as practical while still serving the best interest of public health. With the aggressive actions we've already taken, optimizing our portfolio and reducing capacity, we are well positioned to capitalize on pent-up demand and to emerge a leaner, more efficient company, reinforcing our global industry-leading position. We have secured sufficient liquidity to see us move to full operations. And once we return to full operations, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value.
Throughout these challenging times, we have received overwhelming support. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thank you to the port communities who are continuing to work with us to prepare for a successful restart around the world. Thank you to the governments and health agencies in numerous countries and states who have partnered with us to vaccinate so many of our thousands and thousands of crew members. Thank you to our other many stakeholders for their ongoing support. Thank you to the dedicated members of our Carnival family, shipboard and shoreside, who have worked tirelessly to get us to this turning point in our global restart plan. And of course, thank you to our lenders and investors for their continued confidence in us and in our future. We can't wait to welcome everyone back on board.
With that, I will turn the call over to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.

Yes. Thank you, Robin. I'll let David add some detail. But generally, the pricing environment, as you point out, is strong. In terms of the fleet returning, yes, we're planning to have the fleet sailing before next summer, the full fleet. Of course, we have to see what evolves around the world. There are still pockets of -- large pockets of still serious challenges with COVID-19. So we'll have to see how all that unfolds, but we expect to have the fleet sailing in full prior to next summer. And the pricing environment is strong. David?

Steve, thanks for the question. First of all, definitely, we hope to have all of our ships and are planning for that. But we also are optimistic that we can be at capacity at that point in time. But we've got many months to go here to see. But we're hopeful that we'll be sailing at capacity over the full fleet.

Sure. First of all, we're really looking forward to welcoming our guests on board. We, as you know, have had a few sailings over in Europe during this pandemic, but it's really exciting for us and our people to be looking across, not only here in Florida, but we have the Vista, starting on July 3; and Galveston, the Breeze on July 15 in Galveston, Carnival Miracle, and July 27 in Seattle. Mardi Gras will start sailing along with Horizon, Horizon starting on the 4th, Mardi Gras on July 31 in Florida and then all of our other brands around the world. So it's just a really busy time and an intense time and exciting time. And of course, there's a lot of noise. There's lots of different jurisdictions, different perspectives on how things should go.
So where we are is that we're looking to forward to welcome our guests on board. We're continuing to be in dialogue with the governor's office. We continue to be in dialogue with the CDC. As you know, there's the court ruling that affected the conditional sail order and that's through -- still in place, the conditional sail order from CDC through July 18. And at this point, we were prepared to sail under that order, with primarily vaccinated cruises. There will be unvaccinated -- people on those cruises not 100% vaccinated. And so we're optimistic and working very hard to ensure that we can try to make everyone happy, but we are welcoming our guests on board Horizon, July 4 in Florida.

I think -- I just want to add -- I just would like to reinforce what David is saying is that things are moving in a positive direction. It will be -- it's probably going to be a little choppy around the world. And we're a global business, and it's probably going to be a little choppy. So we've said for quite some time, the rest of '21, early '22 will be a transition period.
But we're on a path to getting to a great place the world is with the vaccines, the various vaccines, the advancements and treatments, et cetera. But it could be choppy. But by '22 and beyond, hopefully, with the advancements in science, we'll be in a position to be able to sail, as one of the people asked, for full occupancy and full fleet. Do you have a second question for me?

Yes. So just in general, in terms of the environment, obviously, the U.S. is ahead of many places, although there are pockets in Europe that have done well as well with vaccines. And again, we encourage everyone to get a vaccination is the best way to keep yourself safe and your loved ones safe.
And so in that regard, there is more movement here in the U.S. from an environment standpoint, collectively, although there are good pockets in Europe and elsewhere. I'll talk about Asia and Australia, and then I'll let David comment on the general booking situation abroad. But Asia and Australia, in particular, China and Australia are still pretty much on lockdown when it comes to travel. And so we continue to be in constant dialogue with appropriate players there. And eventually, it will open up, and we'll be ready to go when it does.
Dave, you want to give some comments on the booking environment?

Sure. So broadly, right now, as David mentioned earlier, for those sailings that are under one part of the conditional sail order for primarily vaccinated people, the way things are today, there aren't any restrictions. There's no physical distancing, et cetera. And so we are slowly ramping up our occupancy of sailings of that type to, first of all, give our crew a chance to get oriented because we are still having enhanced protocols on board from a crew management standpoint and other things.
And so those proves us at that point in time can get pretty close to full occupancy by that point in time. To the extent we have cruises, and we do have some outside the U.S. and other places that are under a separate set of protocols because they have a lot of unvaccinated people on board, then there, some of the occupancies are going to be limited by the physical distancing requirements as long as they persist. And again, that can all change and evolve as community spread lessens and herd immunity increases. And so there's a hodgepodge.
And at this point, as David already kind of referenced, it's hard to predict exactly where we're going to be on those because we have to look at the specific itineraries, the destination requirements, the whole port requirements and what the environment is at the time. Now we're all pretty optimistic right now, and hopefully, that trend will continue. So directionally, we think we'll be moving more to higher and higher occupancy and therefore, occupancy. But we're not forecasting at this point. David?

Yes. And we proactively manage that on the occupancies early on because, again, we had -- at that case, we had extensive protocols: universal testing, enhanced medical screening, physical distancing, mask-wearing, enhanced sanitation, enhanced air handling. So there's a whole lot of different protocols. And so initially on those, we really were pretty stringent and really tapped down the occupancy in our sails.

Thank you.

Sure. We've been on a concerted march on reduction of carbon emissions for some time. And we've already effected a 30% reduction since our baseline of 2006, and we achieved that in a number of different ways from more basic things like just really being rigorous and tuning our engines and carefully planning itineraries and so on to much more investment required, oriented ways of new lighting schemes and technologies and handling waste and density on the ships.
And then, of course, we made a hard commitment early before there was even infrastructure in place on liquefied natural gas. So we were the first, with an LNG ship, with our AIDA brand. We did that -- frankly, we made the commitment to do that. We weren't even sure how we're going to fuel the ship. But we had time during the construction phase and whatnot to work out a deal with Shell, and now we've got infrastructure in place. And as I said, we have 11 ships in total now, either sailing or under construction.
As you know, LNG is the cleanest burning fossil fuel. It also gives us a 20% smaller footprint from a carbon emission standpoint. And so those are the ways we have gotten there and plan to get there. But ultimately, our goal is a net zero emission platform over time. And to do that, we're going to have to have science and technology work with us in the form of better and combinations of lithium-ion battery technology, fuel cell technology, biofuels, et cetera. But we are on a hard margin and we have a line of sight for the 40% reduction. We're going to need some technology advancements to get to the net zero. I hope I answered your question.

Well, as I said, we're already at 30%. So as we move forward, we'll continue with -- new ships inherently are more efficient because everything is engineered from day 1 to be that way. But the LNG ship will represent, once we get to the 11th one, about 20% of our fleet. So it will be a significant contributor to us being able to achieve and hopefully beat the 40% target.

Again, we're not trying to give any guidance or anything at this point. But what I would say is that we've exited 19 ships or will. And so as I said in the remarks earlier, that's a significant reduction in capacity. Now we are adding new ships, which we're very excited about. And therefore, we'll get to capacity comparable to what we had in 2019 eventually. But the reality is that we're at a much lower growth rate as an industry and as a company than we were before with a lot of pent-up demand.
Keep in mind, by next spring, a lot of repeat cruisers still may not have the opportunity to cruise again. And we have a huge base of repeat cruisers across our various brands. And so there will still be a considerable pent-up demand that has been largely unsatisfied at that point in time. And that's the environment that we're anticipating we'll be operating in. But we aren't going so far to try to predict beyond. David, I don't know if you want to add any color.

And David definitely gets the friends and family premium when he...

There's no big price [ hike ], right, for David, yes.

Real quickly. Look, we have good liquidity in place now, we feel, to get us back to full sailing of the fleet. Cash generation is the way and cash maximization is the way we're going to accelerate repayment of debt. We're going to do some refinancings to lower the interest burden along the way. But basically, that's the path we're on right now.

I think for our plans, as I said on the call, we were on a growth trend of 4.5% pre-COVID through '25 with the moves we've taken and the new builds we already have coming in, will be at a growth rate annualized of 2.5%. So that's a much lower growth rate. And I think that, again, continued pent-up demand, people have spent a lot of time in isolation and like now, people really want to experience things. I think that's going to last a while. And so we're -- obviously, it's hard to predict the future, but we're logically optimistic that there will be a good environment for some years coming here.

Okay. Thank you, everyone. Really appreciate your time. It's a great feeling to have an expanded opportunity to welcome guests on board here in the coming months, and we're very excited about it. But thank you very much. Thank you, operator.