Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered outstanding financial results for the second quarter as broad-based customer demand for our innovative solutions drove stronger-than-expected revenue growth, profitability and cash flow. We are significantly raising our financial outlook for the year, highlighted by a $14 million increase in revenue guidance or 10% year-over-year revenue growth. John will provide the details in a moment for both our Q2 results and the updated outlook for the year.
Before I get into more details for the quarter -- about the quarter, I would like to talk about CEO transition news that we announced earlier this afternoon. We announced Anirudh Devgan, our President, will take over as CEO on December 15, 2021, and I will transition to the role of Executive Chairman at that time. It has been a privilege to serve as the CEO of Cadence for the past 12-plus years. Over that period, I'm very pleased that we instilled a sustainable culture center on leapfrog innovation and customer delight, forged very close partnership with our customers and partners and built an extremely talented Cadence team of over 9,000 employees.
Cadence is now firmly established, not just as a top end-to-end EDA provider of choice, but a company that is well on its way and expanding beyond EDA by executing our exciting ISD strategy that triples our TAM to 30 billion. The Board and I are very excited that Anirudh will become CEO in December, and we cannot think of anyone more uniquely qualified to lead Cadence to even higher heights. He's a proven leader with both strategy vision, a relentless focus on innovation and execution, and passion for driving customer success.
Over the past 4 years, since he became President, Anirudh and I have jointly led the company, and the Board and I think this is the right time to execute the next phase of our succession plan and hand over the baton to him. You can expect to see a lot of continuity going forward. As we view this transition as more of a formalization of our current responsibilities.
As Executive Chairman, I will focus more on new market opportunities, key strategic initiatives and deepening our relationship with customers and partners and on maximizing shareholder value. And now let me move on to the business highlights.
Generation trends, such as 5G, hyperscaler and autonomous vehicles underpinned by AI, machine learning and data analytics are accelerating a digital transformation across multiple industries. With semiconductors at its foundation, these trends are driving strong design activity across a growing spectrum of semi and system companies, and we are very well positioned for this to be a sustainable long-term growth driver for us.
Delighting customers and accelerating growth requires a relentless commitment to innovation. With the launch of the 4 new products, we have now introduced 8 significant innovative products so far this year across all the business groups, and will contribute to future growth. We continue to expand our business with market-shaping customers and our differentiated solution that to a broad-based expansion of our partnership with Samsung, including proliferation of our digital full flow.
It was an outstanding quarter for our digital and signoff business, with revenue growing 16% year-over-year. Our digital full flow delivering industry-leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, adding 13 new customers that included key competitive displacements while expanding significantly at several market-shaping customers. Noteworthy, among them, were a large U.S. data infrastructure company, further expansion of a marquee U.S. aerospace and defense firm, a major Asia Pacific hyperscaler and an exciting AI start-up.
We have been steadily incorporating cutting-edge AIML technology into our solutions. And we significantly advanced that with last week's introduction of new Cerebrus Intelligent Chip Explorer. Cerebrus' unique reinforcement learning model increase effectiveness with each use and enables to 20% PPA improvement and 10x productivity gain. Cerebrus was endorsed by Samsung and Renesas, and several customers have realized meaningful benefits across multiple process nodes and end applications.
It was also a great quarter for our verification business, with 23% year-over-year revenue growth. Our verification suite comprising of best-in-class engines and delivering the best verification throughput saw continued strong customer adoption and expansion at several leading customers. Circular demand for our hardware continued unabated, leading to best Q2-ever for our Palladium and Protium platforms.
There is a robust customer interest in the new Z2 and X2 system, with sales ramping nicely while sales of Z1 and X1 remained strong. Our hardware family had 15 new orders and over 65 repeat orders in the quarter, with the 3 largest transactions being with hyperscalers and included our largest Protium transaction to date, which was for new X2.
Strong momentum continue for our system design and analysis segment, with 20% year-over-year revenue growth. We expanded our system footprint with multiple verticals, including aerospace and defense, 5G wireless and communications. Growing system complexity for high-frequency applications is driving the need for an integrated platform solution across system design, simulation and analysis. As we continue building our system portfolio, we are pleased to see earlier indication of customers increasingly choosing a broader set of our solutions across this domain.
For instance, in Q2, a large U.S. data infrastructure company, made a significant commitment to our PCB, IC packaging, RF and system analysis solutions. We introduced our next-generation PCB and IC packaging design platform, Allegro X, that provides a unified engineering platform incorporating innovative machine-learning techniques and delivering up to 4x improvement in overall design team productivity.
AWR and Integrand had a record quarter, and the integration of our recent NUMECA and Pointwise acquisitions are progressing well. We have added several hundred system customers as we enhance our go-to-market and channel organization to help accelerate our business.
Next, I want to make a few macro-level comments. We continue to monitor the ongoing semiconductor supply chain situation. As I reported last quarter, so far, we are not seeing any slowdown in design activity across our customer base. Unfortunately, the COVID-19 dynamic continues to evolve in our unpredictable manner -- in an unpredictable manner, with overall progress being threatened by new variants. As always, the health and safety of our employees, customers and partners is paramount, and we will continue doing what is in their best interest while working closely with local regulatory agencies. Now I will turn it over to Anirudh to say a few words.

Yes, Jay, the second question that you have in terms of my keynote on the -- we are very excited about this PI generation wave that drives a lot of cyclical design and activity, and I call it the silicon renaissance. And because I think clearly, this PI generation are driving a lot of innovation. And one particular one I call out is hyperscalers, because, as you know, data is explosive. And then the hyperscalers, they are really trying to scale their infrastructure in terms of network, storage, and the workloads have changed and moved towards more in the domain-specific, application-specific application.
So there's a lot of different processors required, and that drives a lot of innovation, a lot of design activity. And that's feeding very well with our Cadence ISD, Intelligent System Design, strategy that besides the silicon, besides the IP, the move up into the system innovation that tie in very well that Anirudh mentioned about this whole system modeling, system analysis and RF packaging, and all of this is going to be a lot of new requirements. And that's why we are very well positioned to capture this opportunity, and it's a double-digit growth opportunity for us.

Yes. I think I will let Anirudh answer the question, and I will chip in later on.

Yes. I think let me answer that, John. Thank you so much. And so clearly, we see this industry change in the 5 generation wave and a lot of tape are being generated, and less than 2% of data being analyzed. So I think there's a humongous opportunity in terms of the hyperscaler and all the autonomous driving, industrial -- automation for the industrial group, and then an autonomous driving. That is another part.
So I think those 5 areas are going to be driving a lot of new applications and new solutions needed. So a lot of innovation needed. And so in some way, our ISD strategy is really playing very well from the silicon all the way to the system and how to provide some of this solution, especially in the workload has changed a lot. And so not just the CPO computing, and there's a lot of new domain-specific application driving the solution. and that creates a lot of new design. So that's why we don't see any slowdown in design. In the contrary, actually, we see a lot of increase in design activity, and that gives me a lot of hope going forward.

In closing, thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm very excited about the growing market opportunities and the business momentum so far in 2021. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and expand the total addressable market.
And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank all our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during this unprecedented time. Have a wonderful day.