Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
   
Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
   
We delivered first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.49. That's higher than the midpoint of December guidance by $0.07 per share and $0.03 per share lower than last year, which includes a $0.03 drag from fuel and currency. For the full year, we're updating our adjusted earnings guidance range, previously $4.50 to $4.80, now $4.35 to $4.55, to reflect the significant drag from fuel and currency moving against us, impacting our full year by $155 million or $0.22 per share since the time of our December guidance. Our guidance reflects continued improvement in operating performance, and we are maintaining the operational guidance we gave for the year with an update for changes in fuel prices and currency.
   
Included in the midpoint of our guidance is $0.25 per share earnings growth from operations over the prior year, which is a reflection of our 120,000-plus employees who go above and beyond every day as well as hundreds of thousands of travel professionals who support our world-leading cruise brands. It is their combined efforts that are helping us to once again withstand multiple headwinds, including cyclones in Australia, Brexit uncertainty in the U.K., heightened political uncertainty in Germany and France as well as ongoing economic malaise in much of Europe, including Italy.
   
Despite those headwinds, wave season was consistent with the strengthened demand we experienced going into the year, building further confidence in our full year revenue expectations. For our North America and Australia brands, NAA, our booked position is ahead of the prior year at higher prices, while our EA brands are well ahead of the prior year at lower prices. Our brands are strong and growing, including Continental Europe, where we continue to expect revenue growth driven by double-digit capacity increases.
   
We remain confident we are on a path that includes delivering, over time, double-digit earnings growth and elevated sustained double-digit return on invested capital through a consistent strategy of creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth while leveraging our industry-leading scale. While our strategy is consistent over time, the relative contribution from the components of our earnings model, as we have stated previously, may change a bit. Going forward, our earnings growth will include a higher contribution from capacity growth. That increase in capacity will lend itself to more predictable revenue growth and enable us to better contain cost, in essence, enhancing reliability of future earnings growth.
   
There are multiple factors that we've put in place over the years to ensure sustained earnings growth and improvement in return of invested capital, for example, reducing our fuel exposure. This year, our unit fuel consumption will be down nearly 4%, bringing the cumulative unit fuel reduction to 33% compared to our 2007 baseline.
   
Our ongoing efforts to leverage our scale through global sourcing have taken over $350 million of nonfuel costs out of the business so far. Our higher weighting of fixed-rate debt at historically low rates reduces interest rate exposure. Our consistently strong balance sheet and credit ratings ensures through our access to $11 billion of committed export credit facilities that we will be able to comfortably meet future capital needs while further heightening our relentless focus on driving continuous improvement in health, environment, safety and security.
   
Of course, our ongoing newbuild program is integral to the growth in earnings and return on invested capital over time. Not only are our newbuilds on average roughly 15% to 25% more cost efficient and approximately 25% to 30% more fuel efficient, they also help to create further demand for cruising. And we're introducing several exciting new ships this year. We just took delivery of Costa Venezia purposely designed to offer our Chinese guests the best of Italy. The ship introduces Italian culture and lifestyle with interiors inspired by the city of Venice, including authentic gondolas, retail shops featuring iconic Italian brands, and of course, Italian cuisine, while at the same time offering many comforts of home like Chinese-style karaoke and food options that are popular in China. The ship is currently on its maiden voyage along the Silk Route before beginning service in Shanghai from mid-May onward. Costa Venezia is just another step in the growth of a strong and sustainable cruise industry in China. Late this year, we will welcome 3 more vessels to our portfolio of leading brands. And throughout the year, we are ramping up ahead of these deliveries and expect to reap the benefits in 2020.
   
In October, Sky Princess, the first newbuild activated with MedallionClass, lending many Princess hallmarks with new guest experience features like Sky Suites, the largest balconies at sea; as well as a brand-new jazz experience. Sky Princess is nearly sold out for the Mediterranian this fall and booked 20 percentage points ahead for the winter Caribbean 2020, all at consistently higher rates.
   
   
Costa Smeralda, also expected to enter service late this year, was designed to celebrate the Sardinian culture, serving Continental Europe, including Italy, France and Spain. Booking trends for Costa Smeralda are also reflecting strong demand and capturing a double-digit price premium. 
   
   
And last but not least, in December, Carnival Cruise Line will launch its new flagship, Carnival Panorama, their first new ship homeported on the West Coast. Bookings are ahead more than double digits in both rate and occupancy in 2020 compared to the same itinerary in 2019. Our marketing efforts on the West Coast, including the Carnival AirShip and the Rose Parade, has generated over 1 billion media impressions and are attracting a broad audience, particularly those new to cruise.
   
   
Bookings for Mardi Gras, to be delivered on August 2020 and the first of the new generation of ships for the Carnival brand, were opened this past quarter. Mardi Gras generated record bookings for a new ship launched by the Carnival brand with almost 10x the number of bookings as the very strong Carnival Vista launch back in 2016 and with more than 65,000 guests preregistering in advance of the inventory even opening. Overall, Carnival continues to outperform in the Caribbean with bookings ahead in both occupancy and rate across all future quarters.
   
   
In April, we will welcome the totally transformed Carnival Sunrise after undergoing nearly a $200 million dry dock, adding all of the culinary and entertainment experiences, Fun Ship 2.0 is known for, such as Guy’s Pig & Anchor Bar-B-Que Smokehouse and outdoor fun with SportSquare, waterworks and Serenity Adult-Only Retreat. All these new features are resonating well with the brand's guests with bookings for Carnival Sunrise up double digits in both occupancy and price.
   
   
Rollout continues on Ocean Medallion. The MedallionClass experience is now full-ship active on 2 vessels with the third ready to go, but it's still early. There are many features available through Ocean that guests have not yet become familiar with to take full advantage. While we continue to garner innovation accolades, including IoT Wearables Innovation of the Year and finalist for the prestigious Edison Awards, clearly the most important impact is on our guests and on our bottom line. And while still early to determine the impact on earnings, guest satisfaction scores for MedallionClass are consistently among the highest in the Princess fleet. Since the announcement of full activation on the 2 Princess ships late last year, we believe MedallionClass has garnered increased demand which we expect will drive yield. Additional ships are expected to come online later this year as MedallionClass expands across the Princess fleet. So while early, indicators are very, very positive. 
   
   
But there were many marketing and public relations efforts that kicked off during wave season that generate demand in excess of measured capacity growth and continue our momentum. In the U.S., Holland America captured over 4 billion media impressions around Oprah's Girls' Getaway Cruise and the naming ceremony for Nieuw Statendam with Oprah serving as godmother. For Carnival Cruise Line, the new roller-coaster experience at Mardi Gras alone generated over 1 billion media impressions. Our award-winning proprietary television programs have now reached more than 525 million views cumulatively. One of the programs, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, has just been nominated for 2 Emmys. In Europe, Costa launched a new marketing program with Penélope Cruz, which has been well received and is outperforming all previous brand campaigns. All told, our brands captured 75% of the positive coverage for our industry so far this year, 5x that of our closest peer. 
   
   
We also made meaningful progress this past quarter putting our industry-leading scale to work. As you know, YODA, our revenue management tool deployed on 6 of our brands, we believe, will continue to drive incremental revenue, particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. On the cost side, we remain committed to deliver nearly 1 point of cost savings this year, helping to mitigate inflation and contributing to our cost guidance above just 50 basis points for the year.
   
   
Our fleet replenishment efforts are purposely designed to achieve greater economies. We will welcome 17 larger, more efficient ships and continue to divest our less efficient ships, representing net capacity growth of approximately 5% compounded annually through 2022. 
   
   
We've been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth. Overall, we operate in an industry that is both underpenetrated and capacity constrained, which bodes well for creating new demand in excess of capacity increases. That should allow us to continue to fill our ships at increasingly attractive rates while still providing a better value relative to the equivalent land-based alternatives.
   
   
During the quarter, we also completed additional share repurchases of $266 million, bringing the cumulative total to nearly $5 billion since 2015. This share repurchase, of course, is in addition to our recurring dividend distributions. We remain on track to deliver our full year guidance as we continue with sustained double-digit return on invested capital and continued growth in both earnings and returns over time. And we actually don't need things to be very different in order to deliver sustained double-digit earnings growth. Even with minimal yield increases, the capacity we have coming online and the inherent efficiencies and scale advantages we gain from that capacity will help to contain costs and enable us to achieve double-digit earnings growth and elevated return on invested capital. Having said that, of course, we will continue to work to create excess demand over our measured capacity growth to produce even stronger results.
   
   
With that, I'd like to turn the call to David.

Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.

Robin, it's good to see you on the front of the queue again.

So I think, Robin, just the overall guidance for the year just reinforces what we've seen so far. It just gives us confidence on the guidance we've given for the year, and we certainly don't see any weakening or anything like that in terms of yield.

First of all, as you know, we've got double-digit capacity increase in Europe in kind of an uneven economic environment. But the reality is the bookings are strong, and we're doing some proactive management. Our management teams have decided to be way ahead on occupancy relative -- given the capacity increases. And so hopefully, we'll have an opportunity to deliver flattish yields or whatever for the course of the year. But the most important thing is to grow earnings, and we are anticipating earnings growth in Europe with a combination of what's going on. But right now, we feel solid in where we are. We feel confident and strong again with the guidance and with the fact we're going to grow our earnings.

Yes. We have less volume to go now than we had this time last year even with the overall capacity increase, so that's again reinforcing what you just said, a very strong indicator of successful demand creation. But we're really focused on earnings, and I understand people look at yields. And it's really difficult to do these comparisons because you've got a basketball orange and a ping-pong ball in terms of peers, and the comparisons aren't that meaningful because we have such a different mix. We have 9 brands with -- some are below the fleet average, some are above and so on and so forth. So those are difficult things. And so we focus on the earnings, growing the earnings and growing return on invested capital. But again, you're right. Things have been strong, and -- but we have a ways to go. We're not all the way through yet, and we're just, as always, allowing for things to happen because there have been headwinds, and there'll probably be future headwinds.

The second half.

I would say a couple of things. First of all, when you think about the comparisons to prior year, we had tougher comparisons early. So the second half comparisons are not as difficult. So when we start talking, comparing yields first half, second half, you've got flaws from that. In terms of pure pricing, our revenue yield scientists and deploying yield. And all the tools we're using, they're constantly chasing what's going to create the optimal outcome. And that varies by brand, by itinerary, and it's built up itinerary by itinerary. So the simple answer to your question is, of course, we're seeing pricing strengthening as you get close in. And of course, you are. And so we also are saying we're going to have the second half yield much stronger than the first half yield, but what we're really saying is we're going to drive earnings. And earnings are going to grow this year and in the future. They're going to grow double-digit on average. Earnings are going to grow this year single digits. We're working hard to make sure we do even better and we are going to elevate return on invested capital. So that's the real message. But the yield story for us is relatively complex. We've got luxury brands, premium brands. We have w 9 brands, different world markets, et cetera. And even when within a brand, there can be yield improvement. It can weigh down the average for our corporation if that brand is below the fleet average, so it's a complex thing. But overall, the simple answer to your question is, of course, we see strengthening. As we close in, we've got less to book.

No. We have less to sell, so I think we're in good shape now in Europe and have been all along. It's just -- again, we are along our original guidance there. We -- nothing has weakened or worsened or anything like that.

Okay. So let's just focus on earnings because that's the good part. So if you look at the 5%, 6%, that's directionally accurate with what you calculated. We obviously -- this year, we have some ships coming in late in the year. We've got anticipated increased levels of capacity coming for the next several years, so we've, obviously, from a cost standpoint, spent more this year in advance of actually having the capacity. What it will take for us to do double digit, I think 1% of yield is equal to like something like 25% of earnings per share increase, and 1% of cost is like 3%. So some combination of 1 more percent in yield or less and 1% better cost performance, which we are directionally capable of doing, or even better and you're at a double-digit earnings growth with the capacity we have. And so that's why we have the confidence we have. We understand what's happening with the business. But there's not like structural weakness when you use those kinds of words. The fact is we've got double-digit capacity increase in Europe, and the ships are being filled, and they're actually ahead on the booking. We've got significant capacity increase in other markets. Without going into -- we don't give guidance by markets. But historically, what happened so far and what we're anticipating. The Caribbean is super strong. The NAA brands are strong. So there's no real structural weakness. It's just dynamics and artifacts of when you bring in capacity, how you spend in advance, prepare, all of that. Meanwhile, we're still growing earnings now.

I think, again, the guidance we've given you for the year reflects what we think, at this point, our best guess for the results would be. And so we've factored all things into our guidance, including knowing there's going to be some headwinds that we haven't seen yet or whatever that happens every year, that's already happened this past quarter. And so we'll work hard to beat the guidance like we always do, but I think the guidance is reflective of what we anticipate, Europe, North America and global.

While we typically feel that the brands are pretty independent of each other and other cruise companies, we need them to fill their ships and fill them early because there is something that relates in the marketplace, which is the psychology of pricing. And that can be a cap on what you can achieve based on what other companies are charging in the marketplace or whatever. So having said that, if there is a brand that has a competitive set because of the source market and the proximity, I would say MSC and Costa would probably be the closest to having some significant overlap in competitiveness versus, say, most of the other brands compared to any of the other brands. But having said that, we feel confident in Costa. We see opportunity from an operational standpoint to grow earnings this year. We have some capacity increase in Costa that is not newbuild this year in the Costa European part of the business. But next year, we've got Costa Smeralda coming in, and she's booked great so far. I mean, very, very strong, almost double digit kind of improvement opportunity there. And so we see Costa being strong and looking forward to the brand continue to perform well and perform even better going forward.

Okay. So more broadly, even though there's been uncertainty around Brexit and so on and so forth, the U.K. brands are doing well and have withstood the headwind. We'll have to keep monitoring and see what kind of long-term effect. Specific to your 2 questions on currency and passport. On the currency side, with our P&O brand, it's British based. It's in pound sterling, et cetera, so obviously no impact there. And there's 98% British guests sailing on P&O in the U.K. for us. So there, that looks fine. Cunard is a British-based brand, but it's a global international brand that has a number of British guests on it but it has -- but every sailing has guests from all around the world. And it's not pound sterling-based, so there are some currency potential impact there depending on fluctuations either way. On the passport issue, I'm not familiar with the details there. But I don't see -- I haven't heard anything from anyone indicate any extra complications or major problems or where would be a discouragement to cruise or anything like that. So I don't know the details, but I have heard nothing that would suggest there's a problem at all of us.

Cruises are a more favorable way to travel under any circumstance.

In this particular year, there are no newbuilds. And we don't have -- look -- AIDA, yes. So AIDA, yes, we have significant newbuilds there, but it's not cannibalizing or anything. But in terms of Costa, the newbuild is not coming until almost end of this fiscal year. So in AIDA, we have a number of new ships. And AIDA is a strong performer overall. And we don't have any new ships in -- this year in Cunard or P&O.

The reason why we don't give guidance by brands or markets and stuff, so that's the only reason why you're hearing the directional kind of comments. But go ahead, please.

Okay. Thank you. So first of all, in China, it's still a very small part of our business. We're excited about the Costa Venezia going over to join the Costa fleet in China. Overall, things are strengthening there. There's less capacity expansion than there's been in previous years, and we've expanded our distribution approach and have had success with that. And so things are strengthening. Our philosophy there remains the same that we see that as accretive overall. As long as it's accretive, a ship will be there. If it's not accretive, we would move it. And so generally speaking, China, in particular, is definitely strengthening from a yield standpoint, et cetera, all that. But we think this could be choppy for a while, and so we're always prepared to do whatever we need to do. Right now, we think Venezia, in particular, is going to strengthen cruise in China period and definitely be an enhancement to our fleet. And right now, things are going well. With regards to Ocean MedallionClass, we're very pleased with where we are. We have the Caribbean Princess, Regal Princess and Royal Princess are all now up and running. The Caribbean Princess is probably the most fully activated with many of the features capable and Ocean being available to the guests. Regal is not quite as far along. And Royal, which is on the West Coast right now, is just beginning to ramp up. So we see great results, as I mentioned, in terms of guest experience and attitude. And we have several more ships that will be brought up to speed, and those others will get more of the features the rest of the year. But it is new, and we want to experience it. And we want to make certain that in the end, it is driving not just kind of nice conversation but also driving the improvements from both a revenue-generating standpoint and cost standpoint and our crew experience standpoint. And it looks very, very positive. But it's new, and we think we need to -- we're not in a race. We don't have to. Princess is doing fine as the other brands are. The other brands have innovations underway as well that are different. But we're excited about it, but we'll take our time. And once we fully activate it, see where we are. And one thing we are expanding is the fastest Internet at sea, which is MedallionNet, which is part of the overall Ocean platform but is not dependent on the Ocean platform. And that's been a huge hit with guests and crew, and so that's something we are more rapidly expanding in the fleet.

Well, a lot of things have to be developed because this is an embryonic market. But in terms of the ship itself, we have some fabulous features on that ship. We've got some really customized gaming venues which we think will cater to the Chinese taste. We have a fabulous karaoke area, which we think is going to be a very nice revenue generator for the ship. We have a mahjong area on the ship, which, again, it could be another good revenue generator. So there are a number of things, in addition to some of the specialty restaurants. We have a hotpot restaurant onboard for the comfort food that they would like, and so there is quite a number of revenue-generating features on the ship that we think will help drive onboard.

Well, as I've mentioned, we've had some pre-spend to prepare for the capacity coming, not just in 2020, but beyond. And that won't be repeating itself going forward, so there's clearly some opportunity with cost, plus the fact that, as you bring the new ships on, they're inherently more efficient, et cetera. So -- and with the scale you're leveraging, you're amortizing across more scale, so all of that bodes well for the cost picture. That's number one. The number two, we're still focused on creating demand. And as -- and again, we're not giving guidance for 2020 or anything. But as you look at things like the brands that are bringing the ships in and the relative pricing in itineraries and so on and so forth, along with the demand creation, things we're doing, we see opportunity. But the really important thing here is we don't need a lot to be very different to generate. We are engineering and purposely, intentionally on a path to double-digit earnings growth on average year in and year out and elevated sustained double-digit return on invested capital. And so we don't need a lot to be very different. We don't need to dramatically change anything. If we just execute where we're headed, that's what we'll see. And whether it is or isn't in a given year, on average, it will be, but can be influenced by fuel and currency and other things. But operationally, we definitely are on a path to deliver.

Yes. I think I'll do the open-loop, closed-loop first. For us, we have now third-party data. Including the government of Japan did their own studies and everything, and so we have plenty of information to provide to ports around the world and authorities around the world that show that open-loop is a very effective way to have advanced air quality systems operate. And so we're confident. With that, we know there've been some isolated ports that made decisions that I think with the information we have and we can provide, we're optimistic. We're prepared either way, to be honest, not so much we can go closed-loop versus open-loop. But in terms of number of ports now that have [indiscernible], and we plug in anyway and so on. So there are so many dynamics there. We factor all the possibilities into our modeling, and we're confident going forward. In terms of fuel prices, the oil companies can't say what the fuel prices are going to be, so I'll let Dave. He might be able to. I don't know, David. Go ahead.

EA.

But once she comes out, she will almost certainly command a yield premium. And so that will be helpful.

All right, everyone. Thank you so much. We appreciate it. We're totally focused on delivering for the year, and then beyond, the double-digit earnings growth on average and the increased return on invested capital. So look forward. Thank you, guys, for your interest, and talk to you next quarter.