Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that in an environment of continued uncertainty, we achieved excellent financial results for the second quarter of 2020. We exceeded our financial outlook on all key metrics as the team successfully navigated through challenges posed by the pandemic. In view of continuing, strong broad-based demand for our innovative solutions, combined with the robust design environment, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details on our Q3 and annual financial outlook shortly.
We are all going through unprecedented times, and I hope that you and your family are staying safe and healthy. In this environment, our top priority continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. Our employee base has adapted well to working from home, which appears to be the new normal, at least for the foreseeable future. 
Our R&D and customer deliverables are tracking well. And our sales and application engineering teams continue to engage effectively with our customers. We're increasing our investment in infrastructure and collaboration platforms in order to maintain high level of employee productivity. 
Fueled by the generational drivers, such as 5G, AI and hyperscale computing, the data-centric revolution is accelerating semiconductor demand and design activity. As a result, we are seeing widespread demand for our EDA software, IP and hardware solutions, and our Intelligent System Design synergy has us very well positioned to benefit from these trends.
Now, let us look at some of our design excellence highlights for the quarter. We deepened our partnership with Renesas to accelerate their innovation through a wide-ranging expansion of our EDA and hardware solutions. Our new digital full flow with the innovative iSpatial technology continues its momentum with 10 new full flow wins during the quarter. We expanded our partnership with Micron through a broader proliferation of our EDA solutions, including the deployment of our digital full flow for the development of their next-generation products. Cadence collaborated with TSMC and Microsoft to ensure customers to accelerate design timing signoff using Cadence Signoff Solutions and TSMC technology on Microsoft Azure. 
Our Cadence Verification Suite delivers the best verification throughput and had several wins across mobile, networking and medical verticals. We deepened our relationships with a leading medical technology company as they expanded usage verification suite, digital and custom analog solutions. Our Xcelium simulator has been steadily proliferating with multiple migrations from competitive simulators underway. 
We had another outstanding hardware quarter, with the compelling value proposition of the integrated Z1 and X1 combinations being increasingly attractive to customers. The Palladium Z1 emulator with its unique custom chip-based architecture continued to win new customers and significantly expanded capacity at existing key customers. Our Protium X1 prototyping platform has ramped strongly based on the differentiated ability to provide very fast bring-up time and high performance. The growth of analog, mixed-signal and RF designs is driving the need for high-performance and accurate circuit simulations. 
Our massively parallel Spectre X circuit simulator continue proliferating at multiple customers like Skyworks, and won several competitive displacements, including at a market shaping hyperscaler. 
Q2 was a especially strong quarter for our IP business as it again delivered double-digit revenue growth. Our refined strategy of focusing on Star IP at the most advanced nodes continue to pay off. Robust demand continues for high-speed SerDes and DDR IP, and Tensilica has particular strength in HiFi true wireless studio and vision application as well as strong loyalties. Our System Innovation segment execute very well delivering double-digit revenue growth. Several market shaping customers across multiple verticals have successfully used our 2.5D and 3D IC advanced packaging solutions on production design. Integration of AWR and Integrand is progressing well with the teams working on developing a comprehensive high-frequency RF platform. Business momentum was strong and AWR added 6 new customers in Q2. 
The new system analysis tools continue to gain momentum with over 125 engagements underway, multiple new wins and expansions at several existing customers. New Clarity customers included a market shaping hyperscaler and new Celsius customers include ASUSTeK. 
Now I would like to take a moment and talk about inequality and racial intolerance. These significant societal issues have led to heartbreaking events over the past few months, are very close to my heart. At Cadence, embracing diversity and fostering inclusion are key tenets of our culture. We believe that by being open to different views and perspectives we learn from one another and together, we become stronger as one team. We have several related initiatives underway, including training, pay equity, community donations, recruiting and career advancement support, among others. We are committed to treating each other with respect and dignity and are proud to take stand against racism, prejudice, intolerance and violence.
Now I will turn it over to John.

And then, Tom, just to add on, this is Lip-Bu. I think clearly, beside -- it's kind of a broad-based but I think your question on the data center cloud, hyperscale, we see very strong demand because of the infrastructure. When people work from home, there's a lot of scaling. So we see also very strong in that area, too.

Yes. Good question. So I think overall, our China business remain quite good. And then the Q1, Q2, as John mentioned, I think, clearly, the hardware and IP, which are more upfront revenue and that help. And I think -- overall, I think we're providing the tool and IP globally to our customer. And meanwhile, we're complying with the U.S. regulations. And it's very fluid and very -- we are closely monitoring it. But so far, I think all the uncertainty and we already built into our estimates. So I think, overall, we are confident. I think we continue, I think, 12%. I think quarter-to-quarter, sometimes it varies. But I think overall, it's a strong business in Asia and China for us.

Yes. I think, Mitch, good question. I think that geographically, I think -- overall, I think all the -- across the board was we see strong design activity. We don't see any slowdown. I think this silicon Renesas in the industry with all the generational drivers like AI, 5G, hyperscale and this -- we move into this kind of data-centric big data that it's really driving a lot of silicon development and the design. And to answer your question in terms of the big guy, the -- we call it market shaping customer. I think you kind of -- you can read from my script that clearly are highlighting all this full-flow and all this proliferation with market shaping, and those are the leader in the industry. We pay a lot of attention. 
And this is a golden opportunity to double, triple down in R&D for the next-generation products. So when this cycle recover, there will be a much stronger leaders. And so answer your question, the design activity doesn't slow down. Actually, those big guy are really, really driving the R&D, and we are delighted to be the trusted partner to work with them.

Yes. So happy to share with you. I think currently, we have a very strong -- this is a good market for us. The TAM market is about $700 million. Clearly, our product, as we mentioned earlier, customers see up to 10x performance and continue providing the accuracy. This time, we highlight market-shaping hyperscale that go with us. And then we have over 125 engagements in this -- together with Celsius. And so I think a lot of momentum, a lot of multiple new wins and more important expansion of the -- at the existing customers. So I think overall, very excited about the product we have, and we continue to really drive the differentiation and engaging with the leading customer that can see the value.

Sorry, your question again?

John, you want to highlight that?

And Gary, are you asking about this new direct product rule from the military end user use rule?

Okay. So I think overall, our outlook included all the estimate on the impact on the trade restriction. Clearly, we're monitoring very carefully. We're complying to all the requirements and make sure that our customer not commit to us not turning to the military use. And so it's a lot of more work, and we are working towards that. And compliance is the #1 priority for us and delight and support the customer is equally important. But I think we make sure that we're complying to order requirements.

Yes. I think this is a very strong product offering for us. The 2 products have been well received on the Clarity and Celsius. We highlight a couple of win that we have. And then -- and also, we have over 125 engagements and multiple new wins. And we kind of thought it and give boring number of wins that we have. I think it's significant enough that we just kind of laminate into this 125 engagement that we have. And then more important is that the expansion at the existing customer, that means that they see the value, they want to buy more, and that's very exciting for us.

Yes. So let me answer the first question, and then John can answer the second one. On the China side in the second half, we continue to see strong business as a lot of China company, semiconductor company are scaling and then more and more into the advanced development. And so clearly, as long as it's in the entity list, we will not be able to do business with them, but some of them are not. They are still growing. And we're clearly supporting them globally. And I think overall, we see strength in the semiconductor and in China in the second half of next year. And then we're not guiding next year. And then the military side, maybe John can highlight that.

Yes. IP is all hard to predict quarter-to-quarter because there's more upfront and lumpy, except the Tensilica that we have a continued strong loyalty income coming in. But clearly, we are delighted in Q2, have a strong and IP business. And then clearly, our Tensilica is really shine and especially in the HiFi and true wireless studio and vision applications. And then meanwhile, continue to really validate in our STAR IP refined strategy in terms of the high-speed SerDes experience for the hyperscale guy, and then DDR and IP become more and more critical in some of these Gen 4, Gen 5 opportunity. So we are pursuing that. But it's a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter.

Good question, Joe. I'll just share my personal view. In terms of automotive, clearly there is some slowdown. And in terms of the industry -- but meanwhile, I think the AI, machine learning, ADAS developments still continue. And so we are delighted, engaging with multiple leaders, working on that. And in this quarter, we highlight the deep collaboration with Renesas that has been a great partnership for that. But that is on the automotive side. In terms of the industry, now clearly, they also get affected -- the COVID. So -- but meanwhile, they are very quietly digital transformation, industrial 4.0, is continuing. And so we are not engaging heavily with some of the leaders. And then in terms of drive some of this big data implementations and more software defined, and we are engaging very actively. The one that I'm most excited about is this transformation of the AI machine learning. This all about data. How do you organize data? How do you analyze the data? How do you store the data? And hyperscale guy are being big time on this, and we are delighted to be their trusted partner, providing the tool and IPs for them. So I think that part, I think, we see a tremendous increase of design activity.

Yes. Good question. Digital is a bigger TAM market for EDA, and that's something we pay a lot of attention to it. And then clearly, we continue to innovate, continue to drive success, and we highlight this iSpatial that make the whole digital place and route and synthesis more effective integration and then to drive the productivity and performance. And then we are pushing very hard on the full flow because each engine, we have the best-of-class. And then right now we are basically tell the customer, when you move down the geometry to 7 to 5 to 3, you cannot do the mixed max. You want to really and now have a fully integrated solution that you can count on to drive the performance PPA run time and then that is critical for their success, but time pass is critical. And we want to be the trusted partner to work with them. 
So we are delighted to highlight the Renesas. We are highlighting the Micron, expanding proliferating for their next-generation development. We are going deep with TSMC and some of the key foundry partners to really drive the advanced nodes and become a must have. And that is something that we try to drive. So far, we like what we have and we continue to drive the innovation through massive parallelism, drive with AI machine learning, we have a lot of data how to drive the performance, and we've also moved aggressively into the cloud. Some of the tools, we've moved into cloud native so that we can drive the performance that can delight the customers.

Good question. So far as you can tell from our past record, we managed well through consolidation in the customer base. And in some cases, we are also engaging actively on both sides. So when they do the merger, we are delighted to see that and a much stronger platform. We can even do more with them. And so both companies that you allude to are very good company, great companies. And so far, I think the consolidations, each one are unique and in their own way. And then -- but we now try to be the trusted partner to work with them. And then to continue to grow and then drive better solutions for them to have a bigger footprint for them to be successful.

Yes. I can start first and then John can fill in more. Clearly, the cloud solution for EDA to the customer are very important. We want to provide the flexibility from the different range of use model, either the customer-managed or Cadence-managed, and then you're using the cloud for the software and even include the hardware platform and that's that we provide them a compelling productivity and a scalability benefit. And at the end of the day, we really want to drive the productivity and performance. And then if you have unlimited server, by theory, you should really drive the performance better and also more cost-effective for the customer. And so we want to create that flexibility for them to do that. And we are delighted. And we highlight the key point of collaboration with TSMC and Microsoft to have the cloud for the signoff tool, Tempus and Quantus. And then using our cloud bus gives them the flexibility, and they can optimize the throughput and the cost. And I think that is the way to go. I think we're going to be very cautiously moving towards the cloud, specifically the new product like the system analysis tool we develop as a cloud-native and so it will be much easier and people -- customer can see the benefit using the cloud. And then for the old EDA tools, we're kind of tool by tool, try to move it into optimizing the cloud and stay tuned. So far, we are making great progress. 
And we highlight that over 125 customers adopted our cloud solution. So that is increasing. We are delighted at.

Good question. So I think, clearly, this is a new product for us, Clarity. And so any other new product -- new customer we highlight are new to us in the way that they are -- we don't have the distance before so we're delighted to highlight the hyperscale market shaping, hyperscale for the Clarity and ASUSTek for the Celsius. And we are delighted. We have 125 engagements, multiple new wins. I think most important, our customers see the benefit and using our performance up to 10x better than incumbents. And I think the most important thing to highlight is the expansions at the existing customers. And that is a very validation of what is really good. They use it and then they like it, they buy more. And that is the good volition of good products.

Yes. I think that one, again, is an existing customer, but I think it just continue to expand some of the product usage.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I'm very impressed and proud of the dedication and commitment shown by our employees, continue innovating and delighting our customers, especially during this uncertain time. We are all in this together, and I am convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as a company, as a community. And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and the Board of Directors, we want to give our heartfelt thanks to extremely brave and courageous health care workers and other on the front lines, who -- they continue to work tirelessly to fight this pandemic. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.