Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the third quarter of 2019, delivering 9% year-over-year revenue growth. 
Based on our strong execution and strength of our technology and business, we are, again, raising our outlook for the year. Given the uncertainty of the ongoing trade situations with China, our outlook assume current export limitations remain in place for the rest of the year. John will provide more detail on our outlook shortly.
While global economy and geopolitical uncertainty continues, long-term trends such as AI, 5G, cloud and IoT continues to drive strong design activity. The move to domain-specific computing and system companies building custom silicon as well as a host of innovative silicon startups are all pushing the technology envelope and driving the need for high-performance, low-power computing, high-bandwidth connectivity and high-density storage.
Our Intelligent System Design strategy focus position us well to maximize the resulting opportunities through building out our portfolio and providing more capabilities and value to our customers. The foundation of our strategy is the design excellence segment, which comprise of our core EDA and IP business. I will now provide some of the key quarterly highlights in this area.
A key element of our approach has been to closely collaborate with our ecosystem partners and focus on market-shaping customers. In Q3, we deepened our partnership with Samsung through a comprehensive agreement across our digital, custom and verification product portfolio. 
Early this year, we had reported a breakthrough wide-ranging win with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company. I am particularly pleased that we augmented that partnership with our largest-ever IP order that included our Tensilica processor family and our design IP portfolio, including ultra-high-speed SerDes.
At its recent open innovation platform event, TSMC recognized Cadence with 4 Partners of the Year Awards, including an award for joint development of 6-nanometer design infrastructure, and 1 for joint delivery of cloud-based productivity solution. 
Our Cadence Cloud portfolio has great momentum with over 50 customers using our solution in the cloud. Cadence Cloud-ready products in close collaboration with our cloud infrastructure and foundry partners are enabling our customers to realize meaningful scalability, performance and flexibility benefits from using the cloud.
Our CloudBurst model is used for hybrid cloud infrastructures where customers want to augment their on-premise infrastructure with vast capacity from the public cloud to address peak load. 
Continuing strong proliferation of our digital and sign-up solutions, especially with market-shaping customers at the most-advanced nodes have driven share gains and double-digit year-to-date revenue growth. In addition to numerous 7-nanometer tapeouts, there are more than 15 customer engagements at 5- and 3-nanometer using our digital flow. MediaTek has deployed our digital full flow in production for their 7-nanometer design. 
At Mellanox, leading in -- the leader in technology -- in data, connectivity solutions, Innovus replaced the incumbent solution for all of their production 7-nanometer design. We also had a digital full-flow competitive win for 7-nanometer design with a leading Japanese imaging company. Uhnder used Cadence's digital full flow, which is based on common engines and includes Genus, Innovus, Tempus and Pegasus to achieve the best quality of results and the fastest convergent of their highly innovative and completely integrated first digital automotive radar on-chip.
Next, I will discuss highlights of our system design and verification solutions. Our Palladium Z1 emulator and the recently introduced Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping platform now provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SoC verification, hardware, software regressions and earlier software development. Growing system design complexity and the high cost of failure continues to drive strong demand for our Palladium Z1. In Q3, the Z1 added 8 new customers and had key -- and have 8 key expansions. 
Rounding off our hardware family is the Protium X1, which is a perfect complement to our Palladium Z1. I'm excited by the strong customer interest in Protium X1. A global marquee customer significantly expanded their existing hardware footprint with additional Z1 capacity and Protium X1 as well, making it one of the largest hardware orders ever for Cadence.
We had several full verification suite wins in Q3, including a major customer in Asia and an automotive semiconductor company in EMEA. In IP, our focused strategy and strong portfolio have enabled us to benefit from the continuing IP outsourcing trend. In Q3, we had our best-ever quarter for IP with year-over-year revenue growth exceeding 20%. It was an especially strong quarter for our Tensilica products with additional wins in audio, imaging, computer vision and machine learning.
In system innovation segments of our Intelligent System Design strategy, we introduced the Celsius Thermal Solver, which joins the Clarity 3D EM Solver in the growing suite of our system analysis products. Celsius is a industry-first complete electrothermal co-simulation solution for the electronic system from ICs to system or to physical enclosures. Based on the proven, massively parallel architecture that delivers up to 10x faster performance with full accuracy, Celsius enables design teams to mitigate thermal issues at an earlier stage, thereby reducing system development iterations. Bosch and ARM have both endorsed these exciting new products, and we're in the midst of earlier discussion with several other customers. 
Clarity, which was announced earlier this year continue its strong momentum with 4 competitive wins during the quarter and more than 30 active customer engagements underway.
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.

Yes. Thank you for your question, Gary. I think couple of things. First of all, I think that we have our approach of the system analysis space and that's something that's really our core competence of computational software and that we can apply into this complex system analysis space. And then we have this 2 new product, initially we announced at Clarity. That is the 3D EM solver. We are delighted. We have 4 competitive wins and this is a very new product for us. And we have more than 30 active customer engagements going forward. And so we're excited about that. 
And then meanwhile, we just announced our Celsius Thermal Solver. And again, back to that computational software strength that we have and we clearly demonstrate that up to 10x performance and customers are delighted to see our performance, specifically they are Bosch and ARM, they both endorse our new products and we're in middle of earlier discussion. 
So it's still in a very early stage of our emerging into the system analysis, and more and more, our customer love that because beside the EDA, beside the IP, they want to look at the total system solution, simulation, whether it fit the whole system, power, thermal envelopes. And something that we can really demonstrate and provide the best solution for the customer. So it's still very early. 
And in terms of our pricing, again, it's not part of our EDA, and so we do it differently and basically, close to the market competitive pricing, and -- but in a very early stage of winning and then, stay tune, over time, we will unfold and give you a progress update.

Yes. Let me start first, Jackson, and then John will give you more detail about the inventory. So I think first of all, I think Functional Verification remained the fastest-growing challenge for our customer. And I mentioned, in Q3 we are delighted to deepen our partnership with Samsung through comprehensive agreement across not just digital custom and also verification products. And then the Palladium Z1 had been doing great and the customer love it on the hardware emulation, but now we add the Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping that we can provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SoC verification, especially for hardware, software regression and earlier software development. That combination using the same front-end software make it easier for the customer. And so I think we clearly see that in new customers and in key expansions, and so I think we are just delighted and very pleased Protium is giving a lot of opportunity for us. And we also highlight a global marquee customer significantly expanded their existing hardware footprint with additional Z1 capacity and add on the Protium X1 as well make us -- make that one as a larger -- one of the largest hardware orders for Cadence. So I think all in all, we see strength. And then I think John can highlight the reason of building up the inventory.

Yes, I think both and not just on semiconductor, many other system companies and -- because you really see the value of the -- up to 10x performance and also tie in very well with the -- from the systems simulation down to the silicon emulation that fully integrated, it's a complete that customer love.

Yes. So I think what we mentioned earlier is that IP deal is with a global semi -- U.S. semiconductor company -- marquee U.S. semiconductor company. And then the hardware clearly is a marquee -- global marquee company. And they're already our customer, but they are increasing their hardware capacity plus the Protium that they like a lot, and so that they're fully integrated and make it one of the largest hardware orders.

Yes.

Yes. I think we mentioned Bosch and ARM endorse the Celsius product. And the Clarity, we mentioned about 4 competitive wins and then plus another 30 active customers. So there's a differentiation here.

Sure. So let me just touch on. First of all, I think clearly Cadence has and will continue to comply with the United States Department of Commerce export control. And as I mentioned, that situation is fluid and we're monitoring carefully and even with this uncertainty, but we assume current export limitations remain in place for the rest of the year. So we -- our guidance is already provide everything we know in this and we are not -- and so I think this is kind of where we are. John?

Yes. Let me start first. Clearly, the -- our focus strategy and strong portfolio in IP and in fact, we keep on adding more IP portfolio beside the Tensilica, the memory, connectivity and we are excited about high-speed SerDes that we bought from nusemi and that 112-gig SerDes is a must-have from a lot of data center infrastructure build up and hyperscale guys really like it. And so I think we have a very -- we're pleased with our portfolio, and we are laser-focused on our strategy, focused on the leading customer and then focused on the advanced nodes and then focused on something that we can scale. 
And then so far, I think we have a very broad portfolio, but meanwhile, we are very delighted. And I mentioned earlier, this marquee semiconductor company beside we have wide-ranging win and now we add on this largest IP not just include Tensilica family, also include the design IP portfolio. We are excited about it just add on top of it, and we are really pleased with the progress. And IP is like the building block of the system. You really need the -- I call it the star IP that they must have, and we are really focused on the star IP.

And in some way, we are very excited about the environment because, as I mentioned, the couple of big drivers, AI, 5G, cloud and IoT, and then the whole data infrastructure is because of AI and all these driver, there's a very big changes requirement are needed. And so, we have a suite of startup and system company. They're all try to meet the new requirement. So there's a lot of innovation happening, and so we see the design activities increase. And that's why I think also we have a proliferation of our digital flow and also some of the key market-shaping customer that we are being adopted. And so we're building up the engineering and also the FAE support to win some of these account and then proliferating. And that's why John and I, we only increase the head count when we see the deployment and also the commitment from the customers.

Yes. So I think clearly, we don't guide any 2020 outlook. But we're excited about -- I don't know quite sure, new North America, but we only mentioned about marquee, the semi -- U.S. semiconductor company. We are excited about the partnership, and we're expanding -- beside the 2, expanding the IP proliferation and that part will continue. We're excited about it.

Yes. I think in that AI implication to the whole industry can be quite significant. If you look at the university like MIT, there's a group called the school of -- new school of computing, they just raised $1 billion for that. Same thing with CMU, Carnegie Mellon, and I'm on the trustee, and now they are just offering the AI degree for undergrad. And then you can see the SoftBank, the Vision Fund 2 is focused on AI. So you can see the AI implication. 
And in fact, you are correct. If you look at the semiconductor growth recently and in terms of funding, a lot is driven by AI. AI is not just semiconductor; it's applied into all the different vertical industries. So the impact can be quite huge. And we're excited about this opportunity. The design activities increase a lot. And so I think all in all, I think clearly, we have a very good position. We have the AI, machine learning application to our tool. So we see significant improvement in terms of our various tool, in terms of PPA run time and verification. So we are embarking on improving our tool so that we can get the best product to meet the customer requirement. 
And the AI development is not just a startup. All the big hyperscale guy and all the big system company, they all have various degree of investment into AI. And then we also, our Tensilica that's a very clear good engine for some of the AI application like the audio, video and various others and we are trying to build the software stack on top of the AI platform, so that we can provide a solution to our customer for the various vertical market they try to address.

Yes. So Jay, thank you for these questions. And let me address 1 each time. So first of all, about market-shaping customer. The definition is that they're clearly the leaders in their sector. And so they're the most demanding customer, but because they are leader, they are driving the innovation, they're driving the performance. And we want to be the partners for them, the trusted partner to enable their innovation, to continue their leadership in the marketplace in the various different vertical market or the platform that they create. We want them -- we want to be the partner for them. And that is how we define the market-shaping customer. 
In terms of growth, as I mentioned, you can see in my passion. Clearly, in a way, we are not creating the changes, we arrive with the wave. And the beauty part in this particular junction of the industry, there's a 5 different wave driving the growth and they're changing the landscape of the requirement. As I just mentioned, one example, is AI and now we're moving into, I call it, the data-centric economy. It's all about data. And then today, it's only 2% of the data being analyzed and being utilized. So there's a humongous opportunity. 
And then this is applying to across all the different vertical and it's really driving the change to the memory, driving the change of the storage, driving the domain-specific processor. So in a way, it's workload-specific, depending on different workload, different market require different -- rather than just CPU/GPU or FPGA, there's a new class of workload that require different type of processor. And then we're also driving the memory, the storage, the infrastructure in terms of able to cope with the data, massive, massive explosion of data. And then so, all this is going to require new innovation in order to support that. Like, for example, the programmability, the scale out the storage and network and then scale out the top of the rack all the way to top on the spine in terms of the infrastructure, 12.8 terabyte per second to 51.2 terabytes per second switch. And all the high-speed interconnecting and that's why the SerDes is so important for high speed. And that's why Cadence bought it and then we're going to triple down on it to really drive the requirement that the hyperscale and the big infrastructure player need that. 
So I think it's going to be driving a lot of new innovation in semiconductor side, and we are learning and we're trying to be the trusted partner to fulfill some of these requirements. And that's why I mentioned earlier, the design activity increased a lot. And we're excited about it and it's just the beginning of it.

Yes. So I think this is just our initial entry to the system analysis using our core computant on computation software. And stay tuned. I mean, we are just beginning. We have -- first product came out in April as you correctly point out, with good tractions. And now the second product came out. People love the performance. They're excited about it. 
We are continuing to investing and it tie-in also very well with our PCB business and that the whole system modeling, system simulation will be really exciting area for us. So stay tuned. And we will update you when we announce any new products.

Yes. So I think we like to broaden the customer and applications so that we can really find new opportunity and new solution to support them, either in the automotive or 5G or AI or cloud or huge opportunity in industrial IoT and providing the solution for the system infrastructure player, and so that we can broaden the customer requirement. And that greater diversity to our customer is always good.

Yes. So I think when you move down the geometry to 7 to 5 to 3, try to integrate different product, different tool from different customer, that means that you have to build internal team to do all the integration. And also you have a lot of opportunity to fail because the different tool have different methodology. And so the customers starting to really focus on getting a full flow, the best -- I think it's very important. Our focus first of all is to have the best of breed for each product line, like the Innovus we mentioned earlier for place and route. Right now, it's a majority, over 70% of the customer are adopting it in the most advanced nodes. And then now we have the Genus come out, very strong, and then Tempus come out and Pegasus. The customers are starting to see that not only the best of breed of product and also how to integrate them, how to optimize them and correlations among all the different flow that we've been talking about last few years. And so right now, we can not only have the best of breed for each product, now we can integrate, and that's why you're starting to hear that we mentioned a lot about digital full flow that our customers depend completely on us on the most advanced node in the 7 and 5 and 3 and that's the way we're going to continue to support the customer.

Okay. Clearly, we are excited about the hyperscale players. They are going to be very important for our industry because they are quietly building up. As I mentioned earlier, their workload requirement have changed and it's more about data. And then, so that domain-specific processing development and also in the server, into the data storage network, scale out going to be even more and more important for them. And great partners for us and great customer, and we love them. And first of all, they are a bit different on our semiconductor players. Time to market is more important to them and also performance, scalability is most important to them. And that part, I think we worked very -- from the early days, we are already working and partner with them, and we are also very excited about the cloud infrastructure that we also support the cloud infrastructure using some of our tool to do that. We continue the leadership on that. 
So I think in multiple expects, we are working with our partners in the cloud and we are excited about the opportunity.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design, brings new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence in an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trends and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers.
And in closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, the Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.