Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that in the difficult environment, Cadence achieved excellent financial results for the first quarter of 2020. We are all going through truly unprecedented times, and I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. 
I will start by commenting on the rapidly evolving COVID-19 situation. Our first priority continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. At this time, the vast majority of our global employee base is working from home, and that transition has gone very smoothly. 
From a business continuity perspective, our infrastructure, collaboration of platform and tight communications has enabled us to maintain a high level of productivity, and our R&D innovation projects and customer deliverables continue to track well. Our sales and application engineering teams have also adapted well with this new work model and have continued engaging productively with customers on the business, training and support fronts. 
As I stated earlier, there has been a silicon renaissance in the industry, with strong design activity being driven by generational technology drivers such as 5G, AI, hyperscale computing and industrial IoT. So far, even in the current environment, we do not see any slowdown in design activity. And I do believe this period is to be an opportunity especially for market-shaping customers to further invest in R&D and accelerate their innovation. Our business is predominantly tied to semiconductor R&D. And in addition, our broadly diversified customer base, over $3.7 billion of backlog and highly ratable business model all serve to highlight the resiliency of the business, particularly in challenging times -- sorry, resilience of our business, particularly in challenging times. 
After careful assessing the situation, at this time, we feel comfortable reaffirming our revenue guidance for the year. In a few moments, John will provide more details and commentary on our Q1 results and guidance for Q2 and the year. 
Our Intelligent System Design strategy enables us to maximize these opportunities while tripling our TAM through proliferation in our Foundation Design Excellence segment and expanding beyond EDA into system innovation and pervasive intelligence. 
Now let us look at some of the design excellence highlights for the quarter, starting with digital and signoff. 
Our Cadence digital full flow, which has been proven through hundreds of advanced node tape-outs, have significantly enhanced to further optimize our performance and area, or PPA, results, across multiple application areas. The new full flow featuring our innovative iSpatial technology, which includes unified placement and physical optimization engines, plus machine learning capabilities, delivers up to 3x faster throughput and up to 20% improved PPA. The new full flow is being used by several leading customers and was endorsed by MediaTek and Samsung Electronics. 
Additional digital and signoff highlights for the quarter include: a major Asian hyperscale company successfully used Cadence digital full flow to tape-out a machine learning inferencing chip and is deploying full flow at 7- and 5-nanometers. A marquee Asian electronic system company completed its first production Cadence digital full flow tape-outs on 5-nanometer low-power process, beating its power targets. And a market-shaping semiconductor automotive customer committed to Cadence as its primary EDA vendor for digital design. 
Our Cadence Verification Suite wins in the marketplace because it delivers the best verification throughput driven by its 4 best-of-class engines: Xcelium, Jasper, Palladium and Protium. In Q1, we had multiple verification wins across various verticals, including cloud, data center, automotive and networking. Our hardware family had a banner quarter, with Palladium Z1 adding 4 new customers and 9 major expansions. 
Our Protium FPGA-based prototyping platform continued its strong momentum, adding 6 new customers and 6 repeat orders as the X1 is increasingly deployed in Palladium accounts. Protium X1’s strong momentum is a result of this unique differentiation in having a common front-end compiler with the Palladium Z1, that also provide superior performance and capacity scalability for earlier software development and hardware regression. Both the Z1 and X1 platforms show particular strength at hyperscale system companies in addition to momentum at market-shaping semiconductor customers. 
Our IP business delivered double-digit revenue growth as our compelling offerings continue to benefit from the ongoing IP outsourcing trend with design wins and expansions at several top-tier customer companies as well as start-ups. Tensilica did particularly well and was adopted for multiple audio applications as well as by surveillance and mobile customers. In Design IP, there was a strong demand for our DDR portfolio as well as our high-speed SerDes and PCIe IP, particularly in data center, AI and high-performance computing segments.
Now I will highlight our progress in system innovation segment of our Intelligent System Design strategy. Earlier this year, we completed the acquisition of AWR and Integrand, and we have received very positive response to the acquisitions from many of our partners and potential new customers. The integration is progressing well on all fronts, and we are combining these technologies with our Virtuoso and Allegro platforms, which will enable us to offer a comprehensive platform for designing high-frequency RF millimeter wave products. Our system analysis tools carried forward their strong momentum into the new year, and we now have more than 30 customers, including Renesas, ROHM and Enflame. In addition to providing significant better performance and capacity without compromising accuracy, Clarity and Celsius also provide a tighter integration with our flagship Virtuoso and Allegro design platforms. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide an updated outlook.

Yes. Rich, Lip-Bu here, so let me start. Our business enable design of future electronic products. Our China business remained quite good for us. Q1 was aided by both hardware and IP business, which has mostly upfront revenue, and John can provide more colors and details here.

Yes. I think so far, I think we are very pleased with our system analysis tool that carried momentum into Q1. As you already pointed out, we have more than 30 customers on the Clarity and Celsius product line. And clearly, I think we're providing fair high performance, better results and then the scalability and then not compromising any accuracy.

Yes. So let me get started, and then John can show in some more details. So first of all, I think we will expect to do everything we can to support customers, complying with all the application law and regulations. And we want to provide the best tool for our global customers. That includes China, Asia Pacific, EMEA and U.S. So that is our philosophy: give them the best product and then support them in their design. And in terms of the new products, and clearly, I think we are very pleased with the system analysis product, the 2 that came out and clearly show the differentiation, and we are delighted. And now quarter-by-quarter, we have more and more customers coming with us. It's a big end market for us. These 2 products, the TAM is about $700 million. So I think we will aggressively pursue that. And clearly, we have a big advantage in terms of performance. 
In terms of the Voltus and Pegasus, we continue to do well, and then we will continue to update you from time to time. Pegasus, most important with the foundries, make sure that the various process node is certified. And I think over the last few quarters, we highlighted a couple of process nodes at different foundries have been certified, and now we are starting to really drive in some of the customer success and then stay tuned in the coming quarters.

Yes.

Yes. So let me try to give you a little bit more color. As I mentioned earlier, we are going through this silicon renaissance in the industry. Clearly, we see strong design activity driven by this generational technology driver, like the 5G, including the RF front, and then the AI, the machine learning across different platforms and then the hyperscale in this environment, actually they deploy even more and they are all finally building up their own silicon team. And then the whole digital transformation of the industrial group, we see a lot of -- so I think clearly, so far, as we see today, we don't see any slowdown in activity, especially, I call it, the market-shaping customer. They double down, triple down in their R&D, and we are delighted to support them and that kind of -- we see the opportunity in the design activity. And in some way, our business very much predominantly ties with the semiconductor R&D, and that really benefit us. And then we have been very focused on the market-shaping customers, and they have been really -- we are really excited to support them in all their various designs.

Yes. So a couple of things, I think clearly we are going through an unprecedented time in terms of economy and unemployment and this virus across all the different regions. So I think -- first of all, I think most important for us is to protect our employee and customer safety and well-being. And I'm saying that I think clearly the impact of the economy in the semiconductor is really range on product to different products. Clearly, the hyperscale and the video conference-related area and e-commerce area, I think is really a benefit. And some of the sectors will be a little bit harder, especially in the consumer area and also in terms of the automotive-related area will be more challenging. And so I think it's not across the board. I mean there are some very exciting areas. 
And then clearly, I think we are more tied in with the R&D budget. And so I think good news is all the market-shaping customers in various hyperscale player and in various high computing area, we see the benefit of it and expect it at infrastructure sites. And so I think that part, we continue to benefit and we took to go down on it. And then clearly, we cannot look at quarter-by-quarter. Some quarter, maybe a little bit more in China, some area maybe geographically higher. But overall, I think we are very, very strong in the resiliency of our business, especially the ratable model and also the backlog and our very diverse customer base that really put Cadence in a very well position to do that.

Yes. It's a good question. Overall, I would say that China business remained quite good for us. And then like John mentioned earlier, we assume that export restriction will remain and we're complying to that. And then meanwhile, we are doing everything we can to support the customer globally and then for all the new innovating design. And so I think all in all, I think we have a careful assessment of the situation. We felt that we can reaffirm the whole year because it's a ratable model, and we have a very -- $3.7 billion of backlog and so we can manage much better that way. And then again, by partnering with customers deeply and be their trusted partner and work with them and that is the best way to really drive success together.

Okay. Gary, I think good question. So let me touch on the first, and then John can give you more detail on the deal side and others. And so I think overall, we are excited about this generation of technology drivers. 5G is deploying. And then the hyperscale and the infrastructure is already deploying. And then the other part is also the high computing area for AI machine learning, either it's a start-up or mature big company, they are all diving in big time into the whole -- or just semiconductor silicon also to the whole system level. So the packaging, also we benefit from it. And so I think all in all, I think we see strong design activity, it doesn't slow down at all. And then clearly, we continue to build the backlog because of ratable business, and so that will not be depend on quarter-to-quarter. So far, that model has worked out very well for us.

The only thing that I add on to that is basically, with these 2 acquisitions clearly give us a lot more opportunity in terms of a more comprehensive solution to provide to some of the key customers.

Yes. So I think, clearly, we provide our teams multiple way and then cloud is one of the big areas that we focus on. We are delighted that we're clearly extending our leadership in the cloud offering by providing customers with compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. And so we mentioned that we passed 100 customer-plus. And so I think we're continuing to make progress on that.

I think that's across multiple different products and will depend on the product offering we will provide them.

Yes. I think so far, now we're monitoring closely. In China, there's a couple of small top point tool solution provider. And clearly, from Synopsys and Cadence, we did 25, 30 years of simulating and providing – and able to provide a full flow and the most advanced nodes. But clearly, we don't underestimate that because clearly they get a lot of government funding, and so we keep a very close eye on that and not only from their progress and also from the recruitment point of view. And we make sure that our team is committed with that, and then we can continue driving the R&D China, Beijing, Shanghai side.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence in an expanded total addressable market. 
In this time of uncertainty, I'm very impressed and proud of the dedication and commitment shown by our employees to continue innovating and delighting our customers. We are all in this together, and I'm convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as a company, as a community. 
And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, I want to give our heartfelt thanks to the extremely brave and courageous health care workers and others on the frontline, and they are tirelessly working to fight this pandemic. Have a wonderful day.