Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered a strong Q4, achieved excellent operating results for the year. For 2019, amid the environmental headwinds, we delivered 9% year-over-year revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin with strength across our product lines. John will provide more details shortly.
Macro uncertainty and geopolitical headwinds persist into 2020, but strong design activity continues at both advanced nodes as well as More than Moore front. This is being driven by generational technology drivers. 5G, AI and machine learning, hyperscale computing, industrial IoT and autonomous vehicles, which have all helped semiconductors at their foundation, and are propelling the need for next-generation computing, connectivity and storage.
I believe these trends, in addition to system companies developing custom silicon domain-specific processing, computing, silicon start-ups and digital transformation of vertical segments, like industrial and aerospace and defense, will continue to fuel silicon renaissance over the next few years.
In 2019, we unveiled our Intelligent System Design strategy that will enable us to maximize these opportunities, while tripling our TAM through proliferation in foundational design excellence segment and expanding beyond EDA into system innovation and pervasive intelligence. We achieved strong growth in design excellence, which is comprised of core EDA and IP, fueled by the launch of several innovative products as well as wide-ranging expansion of our solutions, particularly at market shipping customers. 
Our digital and signoff business achieved double-digit revenue growth for the year as strong proliferation continued driven by customer demand for solutions offering best-in-class performance, power area and time to market capabilities.
Our market shipping global mobile company expanded their partnership with us through a large and comprehensive EDA software booking, which included a significant expansion of our digital footprint. Building upon successful 7-nanometer designs, Cadence and Broadcom expanded their collaborations to include the creation of 5-nanometer designs using Cadence digital implementation solutions. 
We have about 50 new full flow wins in 2019, including a recent full flow competitive win for new advanced node designs, with a leading maker of FPGA chips. During the year, we announced successful -- successes in our digital business with customers such as MediaTek, Samsung, Socionext, Innovium, Mellanox and Uhnder.
Verification is one of the top challenges of our customers, and our verification suite had several wins across multiple vertical segments in 2019. Our Xcelium parallel simulator with this innovative rocket tech technology continues to proliferate and recently had a noteworthy win at the leading U.S. computing company. 
Our hardware family comprised of Palladium Z1 emulator and recently introduced Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping platform, provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SOC verification, hardware-software regressions and earlier software development. 
Due to a common front end compiler, this complementary platforms, when working in tandem, deliver even more compelling value to our customers. And we are getting strong traction with Protium X1 being deployed at Palladium accounts.
Hardware had a record year, with significant expansion at several customers, while adding 19 new Z1 and 11 new X1 customers over the year, including a global marquee customer that plays one of the largest hardware orders ever for Cadence. 
2019 was an outstanding year for our IP business, with 16% year-over-year revenue growth. As our focus strategy and strong portfolio leveraged the continuing IP outsourcing trend, while enabling customers to accelerate their innovation and time to market. 
It was an especially strong quarter and year for our Tensilica products, with wins in audio, imaging, computer vision and machine learning. Loyalty growth was strong, particularly in the audio market, where Tensilica HiFi DSP processor are increasingly proliferating in true wireless studio-based earbuds and the next-generation smart speakers. Design IP had a great year as well, with strength in DDR, PCIE and our 112-gig SerDes products as we proliferate with customers in AI, 5G and cloud computing. 
Early in the year, we augmented our partnership with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company through our largest IP agreements -- arrangements ever, which included Tensilica processor IP, 112-gig SerDes IP as well as additional memory and interface IP products. 
Now let us move on to the system innovation segment of our Intelligent System Design strategy. In 2019, we entered the system analysis market. An estimated $5 billion TAM opportunity by introducing 2 exciting new products: the Clarity 3D Solver, the next-generation solution for electromagnetic field simulations; and Celsius Thermal Solver, the industry first complete electrothermal co-simulation solution. 
Increasing system complexity and time-to-market pressures are driving the need for far more engineering simulations, while underscoring the significant performance and capacity limitation of existing industry solutions. Both Clarity and Celsius are based on proven massive parallel architecture that delivers up to 10x faster performance, while maintaining gold standard accuracy. 
We are extremely pleased with the ramp of these innovative products, with well over 90 evaluations underway and more than 20 customers to date, including Micron, STMicro, TÜV SÜD, Realtek and Ambarella. Generational industry trends are driving the need for increasing -- increased heterogeneous integration, coupled with a slowing down of Moore's Law, drove strong demand for our advanced packaging solutions, leading to double-digit year-over-year growth.
They are growing challenges in design products -- designing products for complex, high-frequency RF application, especially in the 5G wireless, aerospace and defense and automotive segments. To that end, we acquired AWR, a leader in high-frequency RF solution. We also acquire Integrand Software, which provide a leading RF solution for analysis and extraction. 
Integrating these technologies with our Virtuoso and Allegro platforms will enable us to offer a comprehensive platform for RF millimeter wave products from initial design to simulation, implementation, verification and manufacturing. We entered into a strategic alliance agreement with National Instruments, which is focused on the design to test flow, enabling customers to improve quality and reduce time to market. 
Lastly, we extended our cloud leadership in EDA, providing customers with compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. Adoption of our cloud portfolio accelerated, and we passed the 100 customer mark. TSMC partnered with Cadence and Microsoft on the first TSMC layout contest. Cadence delivered CloudBurst space, Azuro environment that allows several hundreds of students to simultaneously compete using Cadence layout tools. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial result and provide our updated outlook.

Yes, Rick. This is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer your questions. 
First of all, we are excited about the system analysis space that we are going in on our system innovation strategy. And there's about $5 billion, 10 market opportunity for us. And we initially are moving in with the 2 new product organically developed, Clarity 3D Solver and also Celsius Thermal and one for the EM fuel solver simulator, and then the other one is the electrothermal co-simulation software. And so both are launching out the later part of last year, and both are proven massive parallel architecture, 10x performance, and we are excited and that the response had been very positive. More than 90, 9-0 evaluations, and we already have 20 customers, and I'll highlight a few. 
So I think this is just early stage of entry, and these 2 products is addressing about $700 million of TAM market opportunity. And clearly, we are excited about it, and that's really back into our core competence in terms of computation and software, and also related to our EDA and then expanding to the system level. And also, our customer request us to move into that, and so that we can really provide a more compelling solution to the customer. 
And to answer your question, would that be like digital? I know we take one step at a time, take one ending at a time, and then gradually, we can proliferate in our customer-to-customer. And then beyond that, then the customer is going to tell us what are the area will be interesting for them, what are the future performance they are going to have. We still continue to be humble lending from our customer and then really drive innovation within the company to do that. So I think, overall, stay tuned. It's still very early in the game.

Yes. It's a very good question. Clearly, we are listening to the customer. As you all know, 5G is deploying, and then most of the challenging on the 5G and some of the other application market is the RF, high-frequency RF. And so we have been looking what is the best way to address this in terms of the hydrogenous integration and all the complexity to put it together? And so we are delighted in a way have been working with National Instruments, and we are delighted, able to acquire the AWR and then form a partnership with National Instruments in terms of alliance partnership. 
And clearly, the high-frequency RF solution they have, and then also, we just add-on another new acquisition called Integrand Solutions, and that gives us a very compelling RF solution for the design. And then, together with our Virtuoso and Allegro platform that we provide a very comprehensive platform for RF millimeter wave product development, all the way from design to simulation to verification. And so we are really excited about this integration of the solution, providing that really needed solution that the customer want to design and then to verify. And that's why we are very excited about this acquisition.

Yes. Tom, as I mentioned, we grew very nicely. It's a great outstanding year for us for the IP business. 16% revenue year-over-year growth and pretty much across the board. I mean, clearly, the best of that is the Tensilica, and we have a strong quarter and also the whole year, and expertly in the audio, imaging and computer vision. And then the other part that we really like is their loyalty growth, very strong, and especially in the audio side. 
And I mentioned about the earbuds and also the smart speakers that we have a very strong footprint there. And then the other part, the design IP also have a great year and across the board from DDR, PCIe and then our newly acquired, not too long ago, the 112-gig SerDes, that is a must-have for all the hyperscale guy and that infrastructure rollout, and that is for the AI, machine learning. And so we're also delighted in that the marquee U.S. semiconductor company with us in the largest IP agreement we have across different memory, Tensilica and the 112-gig SerDes. And to answer your question, it is all organically developed and nothing from acquisition.

Say again the question?

Yes. I think, Gary, I'll just add on to it. Basically, we continue to drive innovation, continue to delight the customer with the best products, and then, meanwhile, drive the efficiency in terms of Rule of 40, and then we'd like to print the numbers. So we continue to execute and deliver the result to the shareholders.

Yes. Good question, Jay. Let me try to answer, and then John will chip in. 
First of all, we are not guiding our hiring plan. But clearly, the AE, we're always recruiting AE and add-on AE when we have a clear signal for the customer to drive success proliferation. So -- and we continue to drive efficiency. And so we look at a clearer balance in terms of the demand. And also, meanwhile, we also drive the efficiency and see where we can really drive down the highest return for the shareholders. And so we continue to monitoring that. And so based on the project required and also continue to monitoring what the company commitment to us before we really rule out. 
And in terms of the system analysis space, so clearly, customer interest in our product is very strong. We want to proliferate this product and then build out our road map, and then along the way, we will augment our needs for the existing team. But so far, we continue to hiring top R&D and FAE when we see them. And we're very high bar. So we want to make sure that we pick the right one to really -- able to really drive the efficiency and then to the whole system analysis market that we try to go after.

Yes. Good question, Jay. I think first of all, when you started, you had to address the point tool solution and then drive the best point tool solution. And then over time, then you have an integrated platform able to drive the platform strategy, [ Liberate, ] our digital implementation, we start with our place and route Innovus first, then we start with -- then the synthesis tool like Genus, then you have the Pegasus. And then along the way, then you can really push for the whole platform. And then same thing as our verification suite, we do that. 
So this is just a beginning, as I mentioned earlier. This is the initial move in. And then along the way, we have a plan of the other product lines and also through acquisitions so that we can really creating a platform that we can marching forward as a full-court press. 
And so right now, we are taking very calculated and then addressing the tool that the big TAM market is $700 million, we can go after. Then over that, and now we have our game plan while developing various other tool, and stay tuned. And over time, we will unfold it and then create a platform, and then we can put the platform like our digital and verification.

Yes. So let me start, and then John can chip in. So first of all, we acknowledge the dynamic situation our employee and partners in China and Asia Pacific, and we navigate through carefully. We are monitoring carefully also. And then with health official and then make sure that we respond to that coronavirus. And then, meanwhile, the first priority is really focused on our employee safety, and then working with authority to deal with the crisis. And then Wuhan and also -- this week, a lot of people coming back to work. And then how it's going to be impacting, we're getting closing on the monitoring on the supply chain and also the whole factory reopen and so at a different stage. And good news is, our revenue is recurring in nature. And then, meanwhile, we're also monitoring the situation, check with all our key customer and partner. And so far, that we already built into our whatever we forecast in the budget. And clearly, the impact is minimum and immaterial overall number. And that's what John has highlighted his assumption that we see, and we're closely monitoring so far.

And/or is it included in the guidance?

Yes. I think, clearly, the system analysis space is a good market, is a good business. And we, again, mentioned it's very early in the game. And we continue to driving the opportunity and proliferating with our customer. And I think the market is ready, and a lot of our customer request that.

Yes. John, it's a good question. First of all, I'm excited about this industry because very unusual to have 5 major waves happening at the same time. You have the AI machine learning wave, and you have 5G is starting to deploy, and then you have the hyperscale guy, the really massively scaled infrastructure. And then we have autonomous driving, and then the whole digital transformation of the industry group. And then as I mentioned earlier, clearly, some of this big system company and a service provider, they are quietly building up the silicon capability. They're also reaching out to us to really expand beyond that to the system analysis space. And so I think we are excited about the opportunity in front of us. And so, so far, I think the core EDA, I think the proliferation from the leading customer, we still have a lot of opportunity in front of us, and we are very excited to pursue aggressively on that in terms of share gain. And then the other part is clearly some of the new product that we are launching now. And I should -- you will recall that one of the big strategy for Cadence is to driving the innovation. 
So we have -- last year, we have 7 new organically developed products. Beside those system analysis tool, we have the Protium X1, we have Spectre X product, and then we have the Jasper Smart Gold and CloudBurst. And by the way, some of the new product, we tried to move into the cloud. We take the leadership in the cloud and then basically, cloud-native tool that really drive the performance and the scalability for our customer, and they love it. And so I think in terms of pricing-wise, our value, about the value, we don't want to price it, and then we really drive quality, and we want to be the trusted partner for the customer. They can count on us to really drive the performance. And then in return, we get the value that we won. And when you move down to 5-nanometer, 3-nanometer that's -- we have become very important to them, to drive some of this design success and then we're excited to be partner in supporting them.

Sure. So let me just draw the picture for you. Besides the -- we have this, we call it, Intelligent System Design strategy, the first layer on the ground floor is, we call it, the design excellence. That is a core EDA and IP. There's still a lot of room to grow in terms of proliferation of products, especially some of the innovating products that we are really driving. And then, secondly, we are moving into the next level, you call the system and innovation. In terms of system analysis, and it's just a portion of it. And then you have embedded software security, that is overlay on that. And then the third layer is, we call it pervasive intelligence. And as we are applying the AI algorithm know-how to really address our core business and also some of the specific vertical that we are going after, and then that total together is basically from the $10 billion from the design excellence, that's 2 other layers that will add up another $20 billion to really drive some of the vertical markets that we are serving in the next 5 years.

Yes. So I think we mentioned earlier about this $5 billion TAM market. Initially, we target on that $700 million. That is in the EM solver and also the thermal co-simulation area. And then we are quietly building some other products. And stay tuned, when we are ready, we will launch that. And so initially, we cannot get a few, we call it the low-hanging fruit, clearly drive the computation software differentiation that we can show 10x performance. We're excited to validate that with 90 evaluation and 20 customers signed up. And more is coming. So we will keep you updated on that. Clearly, I think people see the performance of 10x performance, and they can really have that performance driven and they are excited to see that -- they want to get the best tool. And then over time, they're going to tell us what are the new tool we had to go in and we're going to build and acquire, and then build up the platform to really drive the success in that system analysis. And again, I say that this is just the beginning. And so we're in the early inning.

Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design, brings new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence in an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trend and further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. Culture is a very important component of our success and who we are as a company in the community. And in November, Cadence was named to Investor's Business Daily first-ever Top 50 environmental, social, corporate governance, we call it the ESG, company list. The list -- this list ranks the company with regarding to sustainability and ethical impact, ranked Cadence #1 in technology category, and #5, overall. 
In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners and the Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.