Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that the fundamental drivers of the animal health industry remain strong. The adoption of pets and focus on their health and wellness are leading to a steady increase in medicalization rates as well as more interest in specialty care products. A growing world population continues to require more efficient production of meat, eggs, fish and dairy products. Our livestock customers may face economic cycles, weather conditions as well as fluctuations in their input cost and prices. These type of cycles will always exist, but the underlying need for healthy animals to produce safe and affordable food is essential.
As a leader in animal health, Zoetis has stayed well positioned to support our customers. We have been able to discover, develop and deliver valuable products and services to them, based on our best-in-class combination of direct sales, R&D and manufacturing capabilities. This has been our formula for success and it remains that way in 2018.
In the first quarter, we continued generating profitable revenue growth, thanks to the quality and the diversity of our portfolio, also the innovations we bring to the market and the value we deliver to our customers. We achieved 7% operational growth in revenue, driven by the performance of our dermatology portfolio as well as new products, including vaccines. We generated growth in the U.S. and across our major international markets based on the sustained efforts of our field force and targeted investment for the launch of new products and the support of our in-line portfolio. We also grew our adjusted net income by 34% operationally, based on revenue growth, improvements to our gross margin and the benefit from the recently enacted U.S. tax reform.
In terms of more revenue detail. Our companion animal products grew 11% operationally, and we expect another year of above-market growth in this part of our business. We see further opportunities for gaining share and expanding the market for our innovative dermatology products. We are extending our derm portfolio into new markets internationally and putting our sales and marketing efforts behind them.
In the U.S. and in other select markets, we are continuing digital and direct-to-consumer campaign to expand awareness around atopic dermatitis and also to increase the overall category spend on canine itch. Our new parasiticide product based on the sarolaner molecule, Simparica, a chewable pill for dogs; and Stronghold Plus, a topical formulation for cats, are also contributing to growth in companion animal products in the first quarter, along with our new canine influenza bivalent vaccine. All of this was developed internally at Zoetis and illustrate a positive return on our R&D investment.
On the livestock side of our business, we generated 6% operational growth, led by a stronger performance in our poultry products and growth in cattle and swine products as well. The conditions in the livestock market are stable, and we expect to grow our cattle, poultry, swine and fish products in line with or faster than the overall market. There are excellent growth opportunities in animal health across the cycle of healthcare, from prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. And we are using our stronger financial position to support investment for growth.
The investment in R&D is a top priority for Zoetis as we see opportunities to enhance our product line with new lifecycle innovation and to make new breakthrough discoveries. In the first quarter, for example, we expanded our Fostera swine vaccine franchise with the approval in the U.S. of Fostera Gold PCV, M. hyo. This is the first vaccine to contain both genotypes of PCV2, 2a and 2b, and a study showed it provides cross-protection against the leading 2d genotype. It also provides the long-duration for commercial PCV2 combination vaccines at 23 weeks. As I said, we maintain DTC advertising and all of digital marketing campaigns similar to last year, and we have started increasing our field force support in diagnostics in key markets.
We are also executing our plans in manufacturing investments, which I have discussed recently. In fact, last week, we held a groundbreaking ceremony in Suzhou, China, for a new facility that will enable us to expand our vaccine manufacturing and R&D in that country. As always, we'll identify and scrutinize external acquisitions and partnerships in areas where we have gaps or where we can achieve more value from our existing business or assets.
In closing, we remain confident in the strength of our company and the opportunities to offer customers more integrated solutions across the entire cycle of healthcare. With this approach and our proven business model, we can generate long-term growth for Zoetis and value for our shareholders.
With that, let me hand things over to Glenn, who will provide more details on our first quarter results and full year 2018 guidance.

Thank you, John. We have not seen any impact on tariff in our livestock business. Definitely, that is something that can have an impact on some of the U.S. producers. At the same time, because of our international presence and because the consumption of animal proteins will remain the same, we expect that anything which is not produced in the U.S. because of the implementation of tariff will be supplied by other markets where we also have activities. But maybe talking to 2 areas that represent the biggest concerns. One is china and the tariff on the importation of pork. Our swine business in the U.S. represent 3% of our total revenue. 80% of the production in the U.S. is for local consumption and about 20% is for export. But in the case of exports, China only represent about 10% of these 20% of exports. So for our total revenues, this is something that would not have any impact. Definitely, we want to support our U.S. customers, and I think it's something that we will continue working to ensure that they manage any impact. What kind of [ percent of the ] impact is the NAFTA discussions? Definitely, the export to Canada, the export to Mexico are significant, and hopefully, the U.S. government will achieve a good agreement with these 2 countries, and will -- they will continue supporting agriculture and livestock in the U.S.

Thank you, Kevin. And our capital allocation priorities remain the same, so we'll continue investing internally. We have been showing that these investments are having a high return. This year, we are increasing our capital expenditure in manufacturing to ensure that we have the capacity and the capabilities that will be needed to support future growth. We'll continue investing in DTC to support key products, and we are expanding our field force to support the diagnostic portfolio in the future. We will continue also assessing external opportunities, acquisitions. We'll remain focused on anything that will meet the criterias of a strategic [ asset ] and also value creation. And it's something that we are generating the cash really to contemplate this type of acquisition, but at the same time, we'll remain very disciplined on ensuring that the return is generated through any type of external acquisition. And we'll continue paying dividends and also buying share back in line with what we have been communicating in previous discussions.

Okay. So then since you are asking a similar question, I will ask Glenn this time to answer, to provide different type of comments.

Thank you for the question, Mike. So we reported this quarter in companion animal U.S. 6% growth. Let me say that we expect that this growth in companion animal U.S. will be higher for the total year. We saw some impacts in the first quarter that Glenn will describe, but as I said many times, one of the advantages of Zoetis is the diversity of our portfolio and the diversity in terms of species, in terms of therapeutic areas and geographies. It's helping us to be consistent in terms of generating revenue growth. But maybe Glenn will talk about the impact for some of the products in-line portfolio in the U.S., volume, price, and what are the expectations that we have moving forward.

And maybe adding that also the parasiticide portfolio, including REVOLUTION, was affected by a cold March. It is something that we have seen also affecting the overall parasiticide portfolio not only for Zoetis, but also for -- from our competitors. So you also asked about diagnostics. Well, in diagnostics, we continue investing internally to develop our portfolio, and we are making progress in this area. We already have products that we are offering to veterinarians, mainly companion animals. And what we started is building our field support, and the field support, in some cases, it's the field forces, and in some cases -- other cases it's just technicians that will be supporting our current and future portfolio. We started in the U.S. We are now also expanding in key international markets, and we continue until we complete what we think will be the needs of field support for our diagnostic portfolio.

Thank you, Dave. We expect higher growth for companion animal in the U.S. for the total year. And we expect that the higher growth will be coming from, well, the strong season on parasiticides that is now starting. Also, the investment that -- in DTC, that has started in the month of April, so no impact in the first quarter. We'll be increasing our campaigns for DTC for increasing awareness on dermatology conditions, and also, we'll be also investing in DTC for Simparica. So all this should generate expansion of the market in dermatology and also continue grow in terms of the market share for Simparica. So we are optimistic about generating a higher growth in the companion animal in the U.S. for the total 2018. In terms of the R&D investment, we are increasing our allocation for R&D. We have strategic programs that we are supporting. We also added some additional products with the acquisition of Nexvet that now we are supporting. We are also increasing our allocation for diagnostic R&D as well as increasing also investment in fish. For all this, it's really increasing the level of allocation that we are generating where we are allocating to R&D, and we are very confident that we'll maintain the same level of productivity that we show in the past. Glenn, if you want to add some additional comments either on the U.S. or R&D, please.

Thank you, Gregg. Glenn, you want to provide the details of the derm portfolio?

And I will provide some comments about fish. It is difficult to estimate what will be the long-term opportunities for fish. Today, most of the revenues generated in fish are coming from salmon, and in our case, we are focused on salmon. We have 70% market share in salmon for vaccines. But the growth that will be generated in the future will be also for expanding the portfolio of vaccines for other fish species, mainly fresh fish. In world today, the mortality rates are very high and most of the products that are used are antibiotics, which are dropped into the water. So we expect that in the same way that many years ago, the salmon industry moved from antibiotics to vaccines, and today, they are not using [ almost ] antibiotics in the production of fish. We expect the same for other species in the future. We see fish in some way similar to protein many years ago, in where there was very small revenue generated in poultry and now poultry, well, it's $16 billion revenues. So in the total animal health -- sorry, $5 billion. $6 billion [indiscernible], $5 billion total revenues for poultry. So we expect that maybe not reaching this level of revenues for fish, but over time, moving from an industry that today is about $600 million, $700 million to an industry that will generate more than $1 billion in terms of revenue. And we think that business has already the expertise and also the infrastructure to generate the future products that will be delivered to the fish producers.

Thank you, Jon. Let me start with the question on dairy and outlook for 2018. In general, livestock, it's stable in terms of the previous conversations that we've had in February, maybe the only exception is dairy, where we have seen that prices have been declining. And we expect that in 2018, dairy farmers will face the challenge of profitability because of these prices. We expect that, as in many other occasions, there are cycles that always are happening and the next cycle will be -- they will be adjusting the volume, the supply and then prices will recover. And we expect that in 2019, the dairy industry will be back to profits. But even if the dairy is more negative, we see, in some cases, more positive in other species in livestock that will compensate. So we remain confident that the total livestock will be in line with the projections that we made at the beginning of the year. In terms of fish, this quarter, the fish portfolio was flat. We are comparing with a quarter in where our vaccine for SRS in Chile was priced at much higher levels. We adjusted the prices in following quarters, and we are comparing something which is probably -- in terms of our volume, we have to continue increasing the penetration. Price is having a negative impact in the total revenue growth, but we expect that the growth for our fish will be growing in line or faster than the market. That will be faster than the overall growth for animal health. And maybe Glenn, you want to talk about Simparica?

Thank you, Chris. And -- we are investing in lifecycle or new product innovation about the same, so we are very much balanced how much these investments in our current portfolio compare to the products that will be new into the market and creating some additional growth. And in terms of what are we most excited about R&D. Definitely, we are very excited about monoclonal antibody. We have now one monoclonal antibody, which is working extremely well and generating a very positive growth. And we're seeing the demand of our customers, which is Cytopoint, which is complementing Apoquel. But we see monoclonal antibodies as a platform for many other indications, including pain for dogs and cats, and we see that especially for cats, it's a significant unmet need. There is nothing specific for cats today. We state that monoclonal antibodies will cover this need and will generate a very positive feedback from the market. We are also excited and we continue investing in sarolaner, which is a molecule of Simparica, and combining this with other active ingredients to extend the protection of dogs and cats to other parasiticides, including internal and external. And we continue -- also excited about finding ways of integrating more the different aspects of healthcare, not just vaccination or treatment, but also prediction with the genetic market, genetic information and also detection with our diagnostic investment to build our portfolio also to cover from prediction, detection, prevention and treatment. And all across that, ensuring that we use digital data and analytics to really increase the value of our R&D investment. So definitely, we are working on all these aspects. And we think that they are great opportunities in both the companion animal and livestock. And we see that integrating all these elements of healthcare will also have -- will have an impact on R&D, but also an impact in our value that we will be delivering to our customers. And then let me ask Glenn to talk about tax rate for '18 and '19.

Thank you, Jami. And I will answer first about the competition that we may expect for Apoquel, Cytopoint, and then Glenn will talk about the U.S. growth and also in-line and also the rest of the portfolio. So as you know, there is very little information about R&D in our industry. Most of our competitors are part of big pharma companies, and they don't have the need of disclosing the details about R&D like in human health to support the future growth. It's something that is much more complicated. We should expect that in the future, we'll have competition for Apoquel and Cytopoint. There are some indications that a company was offering a monoclonal antibody that maybe have some activity in allergy, but this is information that they provided. They're still far from reaching the market because it was very early stage of development, so it will take several years to reach the market. Apart from that, maybe some competitors are also working on developing this type of portfolio. We are very confident that, first, we have very strong patent production for Apoquel that will go through 2029, and for Cytopoint, it will be even longer. And we have a product -- 2 products that has been demonstrated efficacy and also safety and that have been extremely well accepted by the market. So definitely, competition one day will come, but we feel very confident that we have a very strong portfolio and a very strong way to support our portfolio. And Glenn will talk about the U.S. companion animal growth and the breakdown between [ big ] products and in-line portfolio.

Well, the consolidation on vet clinics, well, it's something that is happening, and we expect that will continue in the future. We have now Banfield and VCA are consolidating and representing -- it's about 2,000 clinics in total. And it's a significant customer. We have excellent relationship with both VCA and also with Banfield. There are other group that are now consolidating, and we'll see that many individual clinics will be also forming buying groups or other sort of networks. This definitely will have pressure in terms of pricing. But at the same time, we are very confident that the portfolio that we have includes products which are highly differentiated, also will help us to manage this situation or to manage volume and price discussions. And this is also something that we are incorporating in our projections. It's something that will happen in the U.S. We will see also some type of buying groups in countries like the U.K. or France. It's part of what we should be expecting in the future. But at the same time, with this consolidation, it's also increasing the opportunity to integrate more -- many of the things that we can offer to these clinics.

Yes, I will start with the comment on Simparica. Glenn will provide more detail. But we have seen that the [ introduction ] of Simparica in international markets continue growing and continue growing very nicely. And we see that all the opportunities of growth in international markets are in line or even higher than our expectations. And we are both very confident that Simparica will reach a significant part of the revenues in the future in international markets. But maybe Glenn, you can go into more detail.

Thank you for the questions, Kathy. And let me start saying that what we are focused on for pain for dogs mostly is monoclonal antibodies. We think that the current treatment that exists in the market related to NSAIDs or older type of solutions are well covered, but we see the opportunity of bringing monoclonal antibodies that will provide excellent efficacy to treat the symptoms of pain and also excellent safety profile. We have seen that -- well, Galliprant has a good increase in 2017, maybe they're reaching some level of plateau in terms of growth. And we are convinced that the portfolio we have today with RIMADYL, RIMADYL is a product that has been in the market for many years. It's extremely well accepted, very strong brand equity, and we'll continue supporting RIMADYL in terms of oral formulations and developing these injectable formulations with monoclonal antibodies. In terms of demand for nonantibiotic or antibiotic-free proteins, we have been -- we have seen that in poultry, it has been increasing the production of antibiotic-free, and the advantage of Zoetis is that we can also offer alternative to antibiotics. And in protein, we have been growing very nicely with this alternative. And we have not seen the negative impact of the reduction of antibiotics in poultry. In other species, it is much more complicated to move to antibiotic-free production because they are much more exposed to external pathogens. And with this exposure, so the infections are much more complicated to achieve with biosecurity and other healthcare protocols. In any case, we'll continue working internally to identify alternatives to antibiotics that will protect the animals. One of these alternatives is where we are investing and will continue investing, it's vaccination. But we know that despite of all healthcare protocols and vaccinations, animals get sick and when they get sick, they need to use antibiotics, otherwise, the impact in animals in the productivity, but also the potential impact to humans will be extremely negative. So we will work on alternatives, but I don't -- we don't see that antibiotics can be replaced in some of the species like beef or even pork.

Well, more than providing specific timing for the launch of the products, but in some cases, as you know, first, we don't want to provide information to our competitor that there will be a negative to us, and we want to make sure that when we launch the product, we maximize revenues and profit as fast as we can. And providing details probably will reduce the opportunity to maximize our new product launches. But definitely, we'll see that we'll be launching in the next coming years a combination of sarolaner with other active ingredients to cover internal and external parasiticides, as I mentioned. You will see that we are introducing also monoclonal antibodies for pain in dogs and cats. We'll continue bringing new innovation in terms of vaccines. In 2018, we'll introduce an expansion of our Fostera line with the first vaccination for PCV2, combining 2a and 2b, and also providing cross-protection against 2d. So we are very pleased with the way that we are investing in our portfolio. And well, there will be many other things that we'll continue discussing in the future. But we prefer at this point not to provide too many details of specific programs or time because I said this is something that we are -- we want to protect our future launches and not to provide too much information to our competitors.

Well, we have excellent collaboration with both, and we expect that this collaboration will be maintained in the future with the combination of Henry Schein and Vets First Choice. We see also that this JV will increase compliance mainly on chronic treatment. And it is an area that will have a benefit for pet owners, a benefit for veterinarians and also benefit for manufacturers. We think that this type of JV also will increase the support to veterinarians, and it's an area that we are 100% aligned in terms of keeping veterinarians at the center of any healthcare decision. And we think that this type of JV will expand also the presence in international markets. Vets First Choice is mainly focused on the U.S. today, but with the JV, they maybe expand to other markets, and definitely, we expect to have a good collaboration with them.

And this is a business which is, as you said, is not core. It's helping us to increase the volume of our -- in some of our facilities and the absorption of overhead, but definitely is not an area that we are promoting or we are trying to increase business through these third-party contracts with -- in manufacturing.

Thank you very much for joining us today. And as we said in our comments, our results in the quarter were very strong. We are very confident on the projections for the year, and we'll continue having interactions with you to provide future [ results ]. So thank you very much.