Thank you, Steve, good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe. I think it's fair to say the past few months have been unlike any we have ever experienced in business or that any of us could have imagined for our families, friends and communities. The global COVID-19 pandemic has had such an incredible impact on our world and for many of us personally. It has given me a chance to reflect, not just on the financial numbers we reported today, but on the true value our business provides society, the role we play in public health, the support we deliver for our customers in crisis and the safety and security we provide to our colleagues. For Zoetis, we're privileged to play an essential role in sustaining and protecting animal and human life during the outbreak. 
Our products and services play a critical part in animal health, helping support pet care and the food supply, and we have continued to manufacture products and serve customers even in places that have imposed stringent limits on businesses in the wake of the coronavirus. Our colleagues are more committed than ever to supporting the nutrition and comfort that animals provide the world, and that purpose has motivated us to continue serving our customers and communities in these extraordinary times. I'm especially proud of the efforts of Zoetis colleagues in supporting our local communities, health care workers and businesses during the outbreak. We've been contributing surplus personal protective equipment from our operations. We've been increasing production of human health diagnostics and answering requests from local hospitals for a variety of assistance. 
As far as the direct impact of COVID-19 on our colleagues, we've been fortunate to see only a small number of COVID-19 cases in our workforce of more than 10,000 colleagues, thanks to increased safety measures, hygiene protocols and adjustments to our operations. About 70% of our colleagues today are working remotely. They are being productive as they adjust to new arrangements, juggle new home and family responsibilities and benefit from the use of technology infrastructure that we've invested in and continue to enhance at this time. The other 30% of our colleagues are working at our sites, supporting essential operations such as manufacturing, distribution and logistics, clinical trials and research and technical services and support for customers. 
Our teams in Zoetis sites are adhering to strict health and hygiene protocols recommended by the WHO and CDC. They are practicing social distancing, operating in staggered shifts and participating in health monitoring, all as part of the adjustments we have made at each plant to limit potential exposure. Our 30 manufacturing sites remain open around the globe today, and we've been able to maintain supply of critical product inventories. We've also shown excellent agility to deal with the local market changes in terms of border control, regulatory changes and freight operations. 
I am also pleased to say that even under these difficult circumstances, we were able to meet our launch timing for Simparica Trio, our highly anticipated triple combination parasiticide. We launched Simparica Trio in the U.K., Spain and Italy in February, made initial shipments for distribution in the U.S. in March and initiated a full launch in the U.S. and Canada in April, with more markets to follow. We've seen significant interest in Trio, and we've been supporting its introduction with consumer ads in the U.S. this spring. While we're excited about the introduction and the receptiveness of customers and pet owners, we've had to revisit full year projections for Simparica Trio, given the expected impact of COVID-19 and the recession. Glenn will speak more to this in his remarks. 
We are grateful we've been able to keep our major R&D programs on track. We continue to advance our research in key areas such as monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain in cats and dogs and vector vaccines for poultry. We're continuing with regulatory reviews, commissions are going in, and we're maintaining momentum at our most critical projects for the future, all while keeping colleagues safe. 
From a P&L perspective, in the first quarter, the pandemic had a limited impact on our results given the February quarter end for international markets and the timing of shelter-in-place across the U.S. We've generated 7% operational growth in revenue and 10% operational growth in adjusted net income, thanks to the strength of our diverse portfolio and global scope of our business. We expect a more significant revenue impact from COVID-19 in Q2 and for the year as the lockdowns and recession have a continued impact on our business, especially in terms of traffic at companion animal clinics, and reduction in demand for protein from their restaurant and dine-out sectors. We will need to watch carefully how the reopening of various markets in the coming weeks impacts veterinary services for companion animals as well as livestock. Glenn will discuss 2020 guidance in more detail in a few minutes, but I'm pleased to share that Zoetis remains a resilient company at times like these, given the essential nature of our business and our diverse portfolio. In most markets, our sales teams are working virtually to respect local government guidance and limit potential exposure of COVID-19 for colleagues and customers. 
We've been keeping in regular contact with our customers, through phone calls, video conferences, webinars and surveys, and we're responding as best we can to anticipate and address their most important needs. We are here to help them maintain critical care and supply for their customers at this time and adapt to a new normal for the future of animal care. For example, we've been advising customers on increasing digital content for their use with pet owners, offering telemedicine solutions through new partnerships, discussing their liquidity concerns, offering continuing education for veterinary staff and providing technical support services to deal with adjustments being made to food production. We are seeing many of the trends you are, in terms of animal health and food supply as well, as decreased traffic to veterinary practices. But history tells us that animal health medicines, vaccines and other products remain essential, even in a challenging economy. 
On the livestock side of the business, the need for food hasn't gone away, but with restaurants and hotels closed, consumer demand has shifted to supermarkets. There's less demand for beef and dairy products, while poultry remains strong as people choose less expensive proteins. As with every frontline business today, the biggest challenge our livestock customers are having is maintaining their operations with enough healthy workers to handle processing, packing and delivering food. On the pet side of the business, veterinary traffic is down in places where containment measures are in place. Now many vets are leveraging curbside check-ins, home visits, telemedicine and online pharmacy distribution to take the place of in-clinic visits. As we look ahead, our business continuity plans are working well, and we continue to show great agility and responsiveness to this crisis. We are carefully managing our expenses and doing scenario planning for the medium and long term, including hiring freezes and reductions to discretionary spending such as travel, entertainment and consulting. We have not had to engage in furloughs or salary reductions for our colleagues, thanks to the resiliency and diversification of our business and our strong balance sheet. We continue to regularly assess any long term needs depending on the duration of the pandemic and the resulting recession. Like all companies, we've begun planning for the days when more of our colleagues will return to the workplace. 
Over the last few months, we have safely maintained operations in our manufacturing, distribution and R&D facilities to ensure continuous supply to our customers, while maintaining strict quality standards and keeping our colleagues safe. We plan to leverage these enhanced policies and procedures for a phased return to work that helps ensure the safety of not just our colleagues, but the customers they interact with in the field. I am proud of our teams for their resourcefulness, flexibility and commitment to colleagues and customers. Their efforts are helping us to envision an even better way to work over the long term. 
When we began this year, my first as CEO, I laid out 5 priorities for Zoetis, and those are as relevant today as they were then. Our priorities remain driving innovative growth, enhancing customer experience, leading in digital and data analytics, cultivating a high-performing organization and championing a healthier, more sustainable future. As we manage through the crisis to this new normal, we will find relevant new ways to adapt our strategies and tactics for the future. Even in the midst of COVID-19, we continue to act on opportunities to advance these priorities. Since February, we received approval of Simparica Trio in the U.S. and Australia and have launched it in several markets with the support of direct-to-consumer advertising and digital marketing where applicable. We acquired Performance Livestock Analytics, a company which brings us proven cloud-based management systems and data analytics for beef producers, and we announced Pumpkin, a new pet health start up, that's offering pet insurance and preventative care in the U.S.  
Once again, I'm very proud of the results we've been able to deliver this quarter, and I look forward to your questions. Now let me hand over to Glenn for more details on the first quarter results and our updated view for the rest of 2020. Glenn?

Sure. Thanks, Mike. I'll talk a little bit about some of the broader trends, and then I'll let Glenn talk a little bit about what that means overall in guidance and how that translates. If we start at the vet clinic side and the pet care side, Q1, there really was a limited impact, just given the timing of the quarantine decisions across the world, and China tended to rebound a little bit. As we moved into early April, we did see significant impacts about -- to about a 20% to 30% reduction in the U.S., and in Europe, 30% to 50%. The very good news right now is that those are turning around quite quickly. We are seeing a significant improvement both in the U.S. and Europe in overall clinic visits. And so our expectation is, obviously, overall, a weak Q2, but that will improve in Q3 and Q4 also because we strongly believe that, that's our -- being very thoughtful about how they increase their business, leveraging telemedicine, curbside drop-off, lots of different strategies there. 
As you look at the livestock sector, I mean, there are 2 big trends impacting this. The first is the shift out of dine-out and into grocery stores. Historically that was about a 50-50 split, and now about 80% to 90% of consumption is coming out of grocery stores. Historically, those supply chains were quite different. So the channel migration there has been a little challenging as you've seen. And the second trend there has been exacerbated in the U.S. specifically, around the reduction, and this point, about a 15% reduction of our processing capacity, given some of the outbreaks at some of those sites, which continues to be, obviously, in the news every day. Again, the good news is that's the U.S. trend. That trend is not relevant internationally. But what we do see sort of in the medium term, as we look into Q2, Q3, Q4, is that this will put a pressure on our customers and livestock producers. It is decreasing price and therefore, their profitability. It's likely going to decrease their herd size and also put pressure on their input costs and potentially have them trade down. 
The question is how fast that works through. It's quick to work through that in poultry, a little more challenging in swine. And in cattle, as we've seen, that really is just exacerbating, as Glenn mentioned in his remarks, a trend we've been seeing for a while. We strongly believe the long-term fundamentals remain strong in all these sectors, though. The animal protein consumption will continue to grow. So I think a lot of this is more of an impact as we work through some of these dynamics this year. And the humanization of pets has never been more important than it is now, as you've been seeing on adoptions of animals. And in previous recessions, it was pretty resilient. 
But I'll let Glenn sort of talk through how he thinks about those trends as we did our guidance.

Thanks, Erin. I'll start off and let Glenn build on it. We've been very excited at the very strong awareness and anticipation for the launch of the really innovative Simparica Trio. We did see stocking, as I think we mentioned in Q1, of around $15 million. That was really just the distribution. We did the full launch to vets and to customers in April, and we followed that shortly thereafter with a very strong direct-to-consumer advertising push, which has been very well received. We remain very excited about this product. However, we are cognizant that with the pandemic, social distancing as well as the recession, the outlook for 2020 will be adjusted. 
I'll let Glenn talk a little bit about that guidance. But outside the U.S., we launched in February in the U.K., Italy and Spain. We also recently launched in Canada. So we've remain very excited about the potential for this product, and we think we'll have a very good 2020, and we're pleased given -- at the launch so far, and given what we're facing with the pandemic. But I'll let Glenn talk a little bit about the updated guidance.

Sure. Thanks, Louise. Unfortunately, I do not think they are noise, that they're indeed very, very real to our customers. It is taking a large part of our field force and technical services supporting our customers through this. Shedding some of these packing plants and having 15% of the capacity of the U.S. packing taken offline, backs up significantly to our producers. They have nowhere to put animals. We are an economy in the livestock space that was just in time, and they were -- trying to make sure they were as efficient as possible. So it is a quite serious issue for our producers, and it does have impact that will be important in 2020. It is decreasing the price that they're willing to pay. They don't need that animal, so they're paying less for them. That significantly hurts the profitability of our customers and certainly would encourage them, at this point, to reduce herd sizes. So it does have an impact. As I was trying to express before, some of that impact, if you look at it, it can be turned around quite quickly in poultry, where 43 days, you can make some new decisions there to expand production. There's a little more time in pork. The effects took a lot longer to work through in the beef side. So we do think they will have an impact in 2020 significantly on the livestock side that was baked into the guidance we provided. But I'll let Glenn talk a little bit more to that.

Sure. I'll start on Pumpkin, and then Glenn can follow-up on the derm question, Jon. We're very excited about the launch of Pumpkin. I think it's actually never been more relevant than it is as we enter a recession. The focus of the Pumpkin insurance and preventative plans is really increasing access to care. It's one of the biggest issues that pet owners have and the vet struggle with is, what's the price? Can they get a pet and can they afford care? And really the new value proposition that we were trying to offer vets and pet owners is a real focus on preventative. So our plan is unique in that really helps cover completely: 2 to 3 core vaccines for dogs and for cats, parasiticides for the year and that wellness visit, which is an important part. Many pet owners didn't want to get pet insurance in the U.S. because they felt like it only paid, "if their animal got sick". And under the new wave that we have combined the insurance and the preventative care plan, we think pet owners will see the value day 1. 
And so although there are some changes to where that goes for a vet clinic, ensuring that those animals will be coming in regularly, because that is a visit that's paid for, for the vaccines and the wellness visits and the parasiticides, we think, really does help the veterinarian. So as we sat down, I think there was a lot of, I think, from some of our competitors, noise around that when it first launched. But as we sat down to explain the vet, what we're paying for overall in a wellness visit, how we'll be encouraging that, how we'll be covering vaccines, I think veterinarians are quite excited at the opportunity as many new people have adopted pets. And the opportunity in the space overall, in the U.S., with penetration levels of pet insurance very low at 2%, 3% versus the rest of the world at 20%, 30%, 40%, is significant. And we think, especially going into recession, this is an important part of ensuring that pets get the care and that they go to the vet to get that care. So I'll turn it over to Glenn to comment on the derm.

Sure, Jon. Great question. No, you did not miss the -- what is the new market projection to be. The groups that project the market growth, obviously, has not been able to do that yet, and this is a fast emerging. So there is no general sense. As we look at it, we continue to see that pet care will probably have the strongest growth globally overall, followed by poultry. As we look at the swine growth overall, although that we're seeing significant impacts in the U.S. right now, given ASF in China and really the strong demand that China is going to continue to have to import swine, we think swine will likely be okay. It will probably have some impact but do better. And we see the greatest impact overall in cattle. 
As you look at our business, we're about 50% companion animal, 50% livestock. So it really -- we haven't seen updated market growth numbers to how we compare to that, but we think we will be doing better than the market. And I think it might be helpful, Glenn can talk a little bit about -- you used the midpoint of the range, but he'll talk a little bit what the assumptions are for us at the high end of the range and what the assumptions are at the lower end of the range to help you better navigate that. So I'll let Glenn take that question as well as the EPS.

Sure. I'll take pet care, and then Glenn can take overall guidance. With regards to pet care, in previous recessions, it has been a very resilient industry, and we think it will continue to be. I think if you look at the hit in Q2, it really -- obviously, recession impacts it, but less than most other sectors. But Q2 with people not going to the vet, which is not necessarily right now in Q2 recession, it was more related to the pandemic and the quarantine situation. As you look at it, we still have a very strong portfolio that doesn't even require you to go to the vet. So even vet visit isn't always a great proxy for our business, since a lot of our products can be bought online. But there are a percentage of our business that's more in clinic. We're seeing much greater impact, for example, in diagnostics. But for us, diagnostics is only 5% of our business. So we do think pet care will be quite resilient in the medium to long term and will bounce back. And it has historically, as Glenn mentioned, been quite resilient historically. 
But I think Glenn can do a good job of putting in context our assumptions as if we trend through the year at the high end of the guidance versus the low end of the guidance for both pet care and livestock.

Thanks, David. I'll start with the online channels, and I'll let Glenn pick up your question on the more detailed guidance and what you're seeing as the trends right now in vet visits. The online channels have been a significant trend. I'd say from a few different places. And if they continue, I do think there is an upside with regards to compliance. We've seen a significant uptick in vets signing up for Covetrus as vet's first choice and Vetsource to make sure that their pet owners get their products, if they -- even if they feel uncomfortable coming into the vet. 
We have seen -- and they publish, as well, studies that once you get a customer on to your online home delivery, that their compliance goes up because it ships once a month and there's less of the stress. So we do think that's a potential upside. And again, it really just accelerated a trend that we saw would happen, but we have seen significant growth in that channel for us. And I think that's why, as I said before, our portfolio has been more resilient in some other companies because many of our products you can get from home delivery. The other big channel that's been quite growing quite quickly for us remains e-commerce. So Chewy has also increased its sales dramatically with us. Again, I want to go back to Glenn's earlier point, this is off a very low base. This was historically a very small percentage. It is growing very quickly, and we do think especially now, consumers would like to get more shipped directly to them. So I think this is a trend that we're going to continue to see. And we do think it does have the upside over the medium-term to improve compliance overall with pet owners. So that is a potential upside. I'll let Glenn take the rest of your questions with regards to guidance.

Thanks. Absolutely, we very much still believe the longer-term trends for this industry are very strong. If you look at the trend of the humanization of pets, I actually think it's been accelerated. So as you look at the next few years of people likely spending more time at home, less travel, maybe potentially working from home more, they're around their pets longer. They tend to, therefore, want to take better care of them. They also tend to notice issues before they might have noticed them historically. So we think really, the long-term trend here is very positive, and we'll continue the humanization of pets. The only thing that will temper that is obviously a recession. But again, as we said in previous recessions, pet care has been quite a resilient space. 
I think as you look at the longer-term trend in livestock, I think for the next, say -- as we talked about this year, there's some significant impacts to many of our producers. But over the medium to long term, feeding the world is an important secular trend that is not going to change. So supply chains will realign themselves so that it more -- it goes to the grocery store, we'll be better aligned to do that. They'll change it in the sense of dine-in, dine-out. They also evolve across species. So it may be that you'll see poultry and pork do better over the short to medium term. But in the end of the day, as we've seen over and over again in other crises and recessions, feeding the world is a strong secular trend. So we remain quite optimistic for the industry and specifically for our portfolio. If you look at our portfolio, it's very diversified, and that has been very good for us over the years, with about half in the U.S., half outside the U.S., with a 50-50 split between livestock and companion animal and watching that evolve. So we're very optimistic to continue to believe that the industry, and more importantly, Zoetis will be resilient.

Okay. So I'll start with the insurance and I'll let Glenn take the question on the second wave. We're very excited about Pumpkin. What we think truly differentiates it is the preventative wellness plan. The insurance, again, we are not taking underwriting risk in this. That is taken by Crum & Forster. I can't get into comparing individual plans. Obviously, it would depend on your pet, its age, as always, all insurance does. I would say the insurance is a very strong insurance plan, but there's many comparable ones on the insurance. The unique part of the offering is the real focus on the additional preventative wellness plan, where I think we have a very unique offering there and it's quite differentiated. But from an insurance perspective, it's quite competitive with other things out there. I wouldn't say the insurance alone is as differentiated. I would say how we work with our customers, the customer experience is quite differentiated. If you've checked it out and gone to the website, we're trying to make it easier for pet owners simpler to understand, simpler to file claims. So we're really looking to innovate on user experience with regards to the insurance part of it, but the plan itself is comparable. What's really different is the additional preventative wellness plan, which I think is quite different. But I'll let Glenn take the question on the second wave.

Sure. Thanks, Nathan. If you look at Trio, we think our customers have been quite receptive. They've been very excited. This has been a highly anticipated product and the reception from many of our vets having something exciting and new to discuss with their pet owners, to make sure that they can take care of a deadly disease like heartworm and combine that with one of the best flea and ticks products. It's been quite positive. We've been seeing it pick up even more in the last few weeks as vets have had more time to engage. So honestly, from the market -- the vets have been very excited. We've seen great receptivity to our direct-to-consumer advertising. 
As we saw from some of our competitors, they did exactly what we expected. They definitely built a channel with as much product as they could in Q1 before our launch. As we talked about at our Q4 call, that was anticipated. And obviously, they will come after us, as they should. This is the single largest sector, as you know, in animal health. And in the U.S. alone, it's a $2.5 billion market. So we're really excited. We continue to see, as you saw our guidance that this will drive significant growth for us, overall as a company and certainly in the U.S. And we have been very pleased with the receptivity of both vet and pet owners to this new innovation. So Glenn, do you want to take the companion animal questions?

Sure. Thanks so much, Greg. I'll start with looking at China. China really has come back. They have about 80% to 90% of vet clinics are now open. And they are seeing pet owners return, but they do -- the pet owners do remain cautious. So I wouldn't say it's at exactly the same level. But if you look at -- and we have significant operations in China. We are continuing to operate our manufacturing sites and other sites there. And our experience there is the measures that the government has put in place to control the virus and to do staggered shifts, et cetera, and track and trace are not measures that so far, most of Europe and the U.S. are willing or are able to implement anyway. The ability to look at that as a proxy, we don't think that is a good proxy for what a return to the workplace looks like in the U.S. and in Europe. They're just -- what they've done there is quite different. We did see a strong growth in China. As you look at Q1, they grew 13%, with 19% in livestock and 9% in companion animal. But we caution that looking at China and extrapolating to the rest of the world is probably not the best strategy. 
We do see and we've put a lot of focus in what a return to work looks like. We are leveraging our experience in our manufacturing sites, distribution and R&D sites that have been operational as an essential business throughout. And our plan is to leverage those learnings, where we looked at implementing health and hygiene measures such as social distancing, increased sanitization, temp checks and staggered shifts, and that is certainly the way we're looking to do that in the U.S. I think we talk a lot about office-based colleagues, but field-based colleagues is another big category for us. And so we think it's going to take a little longer, and we'll obviously be leveraging other opportunities such as telehealth with -- and webinars and things like that with our customers. We need to make sure that as our colleagues return, the customers are comfortable too. It's got to be 2-sided. And with regards to your question, specifically on telehealth, we did see a quick uptick initially. It is a process change for clinics. So whether or not and at what level that really continues to take off, it's still early days. I've actually been doing a telehealth visit. I'd say it does help the vet do really simple checkups on a procedure to just make sure the pet's okay. Remotely, it is actually more efficient and to get them paid for something that sometimes they call a customer and they were never paid for. So I do think it will take off, but it is a big process flow change for the vet and even integration to the system. So I think it will take a little time to see how fast that picks up. But we've heard a positive reception for most of our customers who've started to adopt it, but it does take a little time.

We'll just go to the next caller and see if he comes back.

Sure. As we look at our portfolio, the first thing I'd start with is almost all of our portfolio does require a prescription. So the vet will remain at the center of anything that happens. But to your question of sort of where they get products over, whether it's in the clinic, through home delivery, via the clinic website or through Chewy, is really a focus. As you look about our portfolio, about 50% of our portfolio generally would be given in clinic. That would be a vaccine, an injectable, a surgical, something for urgent care, et cetera, and about 50% of our portfolio could eventually go to home delivery or online. And I think you're seeing the acceleration of that as we look at the sort of the pandemic impact overall in Q1. And I think that will continue to accelerate. But you look at a lot of this, it still requires a wellness visit, it still requires a prescription. So the vet will stay center. But I do think you're seeing a real acceleration in home delivery and in places like Chewy. It has the upside of driving compliance, as we've talked about before, and we do believe it will. We'll see how fast it continues to go. But I think once you get a customer in the habit of a monthly home delivery, it certainly makes their lives easier, so -- and it will drive compliance overall.

Thanks so much. These are certainly unprecedented times. But the one thing, as I started out with, Zoetis as an essential business has also been a quite resilient company, and I'm quite proud of what our colleagues across the world have done to ensure that they've taken care of each other and supported our customers. Medicines, vaccines, diagnostics and many of our solutions will remain essential in the months and years to come. 
We think Zoetis has a diverse portfolio that addresses a broad spectrum of needs, and given the diversification of our portfolio and our very strong balance sheet, we believe that Zoetis is strongly positioned to manage certainly over this year and in the years to come. 
We're driven by 2 very important secular trends, both the humanization of pets and ensuring we feed the world. So we remain quite optimistic as we look to the end of 2020 and 2021 that Zoetis and our industry will continue to be essential and resilient. Thanks so much for joining us today.