Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter earnings call for 2022. Zoetis delivered a strong quarter to start the year with 9% operational revenue growth and 8% operational growth in adjusted net income driven by the strength of our companion animal portfolio. We generated similar growth for both the U.S. and international segments, with 9% and 8% operational growth, respectively. Our strength across parasiticides, dermatology products, monoclonal antibodies and diagnostics are all capitalizing on the marriage of positive trends in pet care with customer-driven science coming from Zoetis. 
In the first quarter, we grew 20% operationally in our companion animal portfolio. As we expected, our livestock portfolio continued to face challenges, declining 6% operationally in the quarter largely due to declines in swine product sales in China and generic competition from DRAXXIN. As we looked at the rest of the year, we are updating our guidance to reflect the negative impact of recent changes in foreign exchange rates, but this has no impact on our previous operational growth rates and assumptions for the year. Even as we face uncertainties related to the war in Ukraine, COVID-19 lockdowns, inflation and ongoing supply chain constraints, we remain confident in the underlying strength and performance of our business. 
Our diverse portfolio, global scale, talented colleagues and continuous innovations remain the foundation of our long-term success and durability, and we continue to invest in the resources, marketing programs and manufacturing capacity we need to support our growth. In R&D, we're building new capabilities and pipelines across our companion animal and livestock portfolios to ensure our long-term performance. 
In the first quarter, we continued to receive approvals for new products and indications, develop life cycle innovations for major brands and expand our portfolios into new markets. On the livestock side of the business, we expanded our cattle vaccine portfolio with an approval in the U.S. of Protivity, the first modified live vaccine to offer protection against mycoplasma bovis. This vaccine provides cattle producers and veterinarians with broader overall protection against bovine respiratory disease. We also gained approval in Brazil for Draxxin KP, which is also a treatment for BRD and combines the antimicrobial properties of DRAXXIN with the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory ketoprofen to rapidly reduce fever in a single dose. Draxxin KP is also approved in the U.S., Canada and European Union, Australia and Mexico, and it has been an important part of how we continue to distinguish the DRAXXIN brand in the face of generic competition. 
In poultry, we received approval in Brazil for Poulvac Procerta HVT-IBD, our recombinant vector vaccine that is also approved in the U.S. and Canada. On the companion animal side of the business, we received another approval for Solensia, the industry's first monoclonal antibody for osteoarthritis pain in cats, adding Australia to the U.S., European Union, U.K., Canada and Switzerland and another mAb therapy, Cytopoint, received a claim extension in Canada so it now covers both the treatment of atopic dermatitis and allergic dermatitis in dogs. 
Cytopoint and Apoquel continue to grow significantly and expand the dermatology market as disease awareness and treatment options become more known to pet owners. We have a strong leadership position based on our innovative science and do not believe competing products will come to market in 2022. We also continue building our multipurpose diagnostics platform, VetScan IMAGYST with the recent addition of blood smear testing. Introduced in September 2020, VetScan IMAGYST is a first-of-its-kind technology with a multitude of applications, including AI fecal analysis, digital cytology image transfer and now AI Blood smear, all helping veterinarians broaden their in-clinic diagnostic offerings to provide the best care possible for dogs and cats. 
For the last 2 years, I've been speaking to you about our catalyst for growth, and those continue to drive our performance. Our outlook for growth in international markets remains very positive based on our diverse global footprint and continued expansion opportunities for key brands like Simparica Trio, Apoquel, Cytopoint, Librela and Solensia. In terms of Ukraine, we have condemned the Russian invasion from the outset, and we are deeply saddened by the senseless violence being brought upon the people of Ukraine. Our company, colleagues and the Zoetis Foundation have worked together to provide veterinary care, medicines, financial support and evacuation assistance to those in need. 
With every decision, even the most difficult and complex ones, we're guided by our purpose to nurture the world and human kind by advancing care for animals. While we have suspended all investments and promotional activities in Russia, the continued care of pets and livestock remains an essential responsibility for Zoetis and our colleagues, and to remain focused on maintaining a critical supply of animal medicines and vaccines for veterinarians and producers there. 
We anticipate a negative impact of about 1% to our original full year growth expectations due to Ukraine and Russia, but we are maintaining our previous operational growth rates based on the overall strength of our companion animal business and the positive momentum of expanding our U.S. pet care and diagnostic commercial teams. 
Speaking of Diagnostics, another catalyst for growth, we delivered 12% operational growth in the first quarter. We continue to invest significantly in this space to accelerate our growth. For example, we've been shifting our go-to-market model this year and building a dedicated field force for our diagnostics portfolio. This hiring is a significant part of a 40% increase to our total U.S. companion animal field force. We see field force expansion as a key lever to supporting growth opportunities in our diagnostics and pet care businesses. We also continue to see very strong growth in pet care as we expand our major companion animal brands in markets around the world. 
Simparica Trio is doing very well as it continues to gain market share based on veterinarians preference for an innovative triple combination parasiticide for dogs. Pet owners have also been demonstrating strong loyalty rates after trying Trio, and we are excited by the ability of our direct-to-consumer campaigns and additional field force colleagues to increase interest in this product. 
Librela is also doing incredibly well across Europe, and we remain confident in the blockbuster potential for Librela in 2022 and Solensia in the longer term. As we see improvements in supply, we will be launching Solensia in additional markets such as Canada and Australia this year. In terms of the U.S., we are still planning a launch of Solensia in the second half of the year, and we anticipate approval for Librela by the end of the year, assuming FDA inspections are completed at facilities outside of the U.S. Overall, we continue to benefit from pet care trends in terms of increased demand, clinic revenues, pet ownership and spending habits. 
Finally, a brief update on supply. As I mentioned last quarter, we are managing certain isolated supply constraints for Librela, Solensia and some of our other products as we compete for some limited manufacturing inputs critical to human health during the pandemic. We were also seeing additional global supply challenges related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the recent COVID-19 resurgence in China. 
While some of these challenges are [Audio Gap] global manufacturing and supply network to mitigate any impact to our overall business. And our commercial teams are ensuring control launches for new products and coordinating with customers to minimize any impacts on their animal care. In conclusion, we are off to a good start for the year, and we're maintaining our operational growth expectations for the full year. Our diverse and durable portfolio, global scale and pipeline of innovations have us well positioned to meet customer needs and shareholder expectations for this year and beyond. 
Thank you. Now let me hand things off to Wetteny.

Hey, Erin, it's Kristin. Great to hear from you. So we fundamentally and structurally believe the pet care industry is in great shape. I think as you've seen some of these trends over the last few years, there's a very high standard of care. The demographics of who is adopting these pets over the last few years being millennials, the number of pets you have out there and honestly, the aging of pets. So we do not think there is a demand problem. I think you saw in the quarter potentially a difficult comp to what you saw last year. 
If you look overall, a 5% increase at the vet clinic, there is a little bit less traffic, as you referenced. I think those are some of the shorter-term capacity constraints. But remember, we've got a lot more pets. So you're really -- the base is much larger than it's historically been. But given Omicron, there was definitely some challenges at some of the vet clinics. But the other thing to consider about the data that we would just highlight is that it really pulls out a lot of the large corporates who have found more innovative ways to structure their business to add more capacity. And I think you'll see more of that coming overall. There were the short-term labor shortages. 
The other thing to really focus on, we would say is if you look at Zoetis' business, it's a little different, the nature of our business and our innovation, we have a lot of chronic medications. It doesn't require tons of visits. So we focus a little bit more on the spend per visit as we look at it. We also have alternative channels, which for us in the quarter grew 34%. So we remain very optimistic with regards to pet care trends overall? And maybe, Wetteny, you can take her second question on Simparica.

Thanks, Louise. I'll start and then I'll move it to Wetteny. We've seen historically that pet owner spending has been incredibly durable. Right now, we've got about 63% of our revenue in companion animal. And you sometimes can see a little more impact from inflation on the livestock side. But if you look at the HABRI research, 86% of pet owners would spend whatever it takes. So we do see inflation, and Wetteny can certainly get into how we've taken price, et cetera. But I think we've obviously seen increase in labor cost and freight and fuel. But Wetteny can really talk about the fact that we've been able to leverage price especially in our companion animal business. So Wetteny, do you want to go over some of those numbers?

And the only thing I'd add there is, despite inflation, I would just note that in 2021, we increased our margins and our guidance for 2022 does the same. So I think it really shows the durability and resilience of our industry.

Sure. I mean, I'll start off with your first question. Again, if you look at our overall portfolio and the nature of our business, I think the level of innovation, we're not as susceptible to vet visit trends. You basically what percentage has to be administered in the vet clinic. I don't know maybe around 50% that would be vaccines injectables. But I think if you look at the sales of Librela being now the #1 pain product in Europe, clearly, for things that are really important to pet owners, they are getting into the clinic. Regular checks for vaccines, we're not seeing any significantly negative trends there. So I think chronic medications, which is a huge part of our business. And if you look at dermatology and parasiticides, which are growing at -- paras are growing at 25% in the quarter, derm at 28% in the quarter. We're clearly not really suffering from the slight decline in the U.S. in vet visits trends. But maybe Wetteny, you can take that second question.

Great. Mike, I'll take the first part of it, which is the broader livestock trends and then Wetteny can take the DRAXXIN and the field force question that you've got. 
I mean, look, as you know, well, historically, livestock has grown around 4%. I think if you look at 2019 and 2020, you saw sort of some unusual events that affected overall industry livestock growth. Obviously, African Swine Fever in China, as you remember, and then overall COVID, but then as I think as you look at 2021 and 2022, Zoetis has been unusually impacted and that has everything to do with where DRAXXIN is. And Wetteny can get into the numbers, but that has played out exactly how we expected it to. Our long-term outlook, as Wetteny mentioned a few minutes ago in his prepared remarks, remains unchanged. We think you're going to start to go back to more normalized growth in 2023 and beyond, basically because feeding the world is a powerful trend, the desire for protein and higher quality protein. But let me let Wetteny get into some of the specifics on the DRAXXIN numbers and then your second question.

Sure. Thanks, Jon. I'll start with the first question and let Wetteny take the second. With regard to Librela, no, this is exactly as we expected. We were expecting an approval later this year. We continue to expect that, as we rode into March, there's no change there. We still require an ex U.S. site visit, as we said all along. So I would say there's really no update there. 
And to your second question, when would you expect a launch? We're obviously, as we would in any product working to build up supply. But as always, in our industry and especially with regards to biologics and monoclonal antibodies, the standard in our industry is it takes somewhere between 3 and 9 months to get up to a full launch. So I think we should expect next year's will obviously be similar to what we've done for every other product. The monoclonal antibody will do an early experience sometime in the first half, again, depending on where the approval is and launch shortly thereafter. We're quite excited about this. Obviously, we're working hard to build up that supply. As soon as we get the approvals of the site, et cetera. So everything on Librela is exactly where we were before, really absolutely no change there.

Sure. I'll start on the overall derm. As you saw, it grew about 28% in the quarter, driven by expanding our direct-to-consumer efforts. Certainly, you see we're investing more in our field force pet care rewards. I also think genuinely, it's just more people home with their pets. I don't have the specific share numbers. We can certainly get back to you on that. I think it's over 70% in the U.S., our share of the atopic dermatitis and allergic dermatitis markets overall in the U.S. and especially it's even more if you want to look at revenue. But we're really pleased with where that's going. With regards to competition, I know our favorite question, we don't absolutely know. We would expect competition on it. 
At this point in time, as we look at 2022, we are not expecting competition in 2022, we would expect it in 2023. As our latest intelligence, obviously, we could be wrong there. But our current expectation is competition for derm on a small molecule basis will come in 2023. With regards to our own pipeline internally, we don't discuss that. So I don't think we have any color there. But I don't know, Wetteny, do you want to take the second question?

Sure. Thanks, Chris. Good to hear from you. As you think about the economic challenges, potential economic risk across the globe, I think one thing you've seen about the animal health industry as I was referencing before, the research is 86% will spend what it takes. And I think it's also really important to focus on the fact that our companion animal business has grown 50% between 2019 and 2021. As Wetteny mentioned, it was about 63%. And that is just a more durable business as you think about getting through economic challenges. We grew through the beginning of COVID, for example. 
As you look at it, we've grown during the Great Recession. And that was when our companion animal business was only 35%. So I think structurally, if you look at our business, it's more positive now than it was during the Great Recession, so I do think we're going to be pretty resilient as we go through those times. But I'll let Wetteny add anything there if he wants to and then take your protein demand trend question.

Sure. I mean, I guess what we would say is that you're seeing more animals, you're seeing -- Wetteny's mentioned the demographics of who is adopting these animals, people who spend more time, more money on them, the aging of pets. So I'm not sure we would probably parse the data the way you do to be perfectly honest. Obviously, we are seeing increased compliance. I think alternative channels sort of online and autoship, even from clinics, is really helping driving that increased compliance. But I would say if you look at our portfolio, it's innovation. It's bringing disruptive innovation that people are excited about, looking at paras, a single product that does 3 things people are excited about. 
You look at monoclonal antibodies. You look at dermatology. We have great chronic medications that are not as susceptible to how many visits you make. If you get a prescription for paras, it lasts a year. So I guess we would look at the data slightly differently than what you're looking at it. And more importantly, for our business, we think the nature of our business and the level of innovation and the demographics of both the number of animals and who's adopting them remains very positive.

Sure. Thanks, Elliot. Great questions on Librela. We are super excited at the launch there. To get to some of the specific information you have for us. As we said, this is now Librela in Europe is now the #1 selling product for pain. What's really exciting also about that is 40% are patients that are new to the category. So I think this is really changing the game for a lot of people, maybe for safety reasons, couldn't take what the other products were are really coming into the vet clinic. And to get to your other question, there's a 90% reorder rate. So which gets that -- if you come in for one injection, are you staying with the product? The answer is yes. 
And this is why we believe in its first full year in Europe alone, Librela will be a blockbuster product for us. We did about $22 million in Q1. This definitely does inform as we think about a U.S. launch. It informs why we want to start with early experience, getting each of the vets, especially the KOLs, used to what it looks like, how to treat -- how to manage it and then really building that excitement, which worked incredibly well for us in Europe, which we'll do again in the U.S. And really I think our expectations for the product have increased based on the success we've seen already.  Solensia, we're very excited as well. It's a very different market, it didn't exist before. 
As we've talked about, we're really creating a market. Zoetis has demonstrated time and again its ability to do that as it did in derm. But  again you've got to get the cats to the clinic because you know they're less medicalized than dogs. You've got to help -- cat owners know what pain looks like. But we remain super excited about Solensia. It will just be, as we said, the ramp will look slightly different on Solensia than it does with Librela. But we're just as excited, and we think its potential is very strong there. Do you want to add anything, Wetteny?

Great. Thank you all for your questions and for the continued interest in Zoetis. I just want to summarize, I think Zoetis is off to a strong start of the year. We've got continued strength in products for pet care, and I think as you've seen, a diverse and durable global portfolio. We're really happy to be maintaining our operational growth expectations for the full year despite the negative impact of foreign exchange and other headwinds. And we're continuing to make ongoing investments in talent and technology, manufacturing expansions and innovation that have us well positioned to support our future growth plans as well. So I look forward to keeping you updated on future calls and hope you have a great day. Thanks so much, everybody.