Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I hope you and your love ones are all staying healthy. 
As we all know, we're still experiencing hard times in many regions as COVID cases continue and new variants of the virus emerge. But I hope you share my optimism that with progress on vaccinations and continued to adhere on the safety protocols, better days are ahead. 
The year 2020 will be remembered for COVID-19, but for Zoetis, it also reaffirmed the resilience of our business, the essential nature of animal health and the agility and dedication of our colleagues in the face of industry and personal challenges. 
Throughout the year, we successfully ensured colleague safety and maintained reliable supply for our customers. We kept driving innovation and strengthening our diverse portfolio of 13 blockbusters and more than 300 product lines across 8 species and 7 major product categories. 
We successfully launched our triple combination parasiticide, Simparica Trio. We also achieved approvals for the first ever long-acting monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain in dogs and cats. With Librela's authorization for dogs in the European Union and several other markets and Solensia's first authorization for cats in Switzerland. 
We also continued to build on our vaccine portfolio in livestock, with the approval of our CircoMax Myco swine vaccine in the European Union. And in poultry, we continued advancing our recombinant vector vaccines with the approval of Poulvac Procerta HVT-IBD in the U.S. 
Meanwhile, in diagnostics, we successfully launched Vetscan Images, a breakthrough platform using cloud-based Artificial Intelligence for veterinary clinics. We were able to do all this while staying anchored to our purpose and advancing the 5 long-term priorities that I set out at the beginning of the year, including sustainability, where we made important progress in our ESG programs and metric reporting. We look forward to sharing our long-term ESG goals in the coming weeks. 
And finally, we delivered financial results for 2020 that were in line with the guidance we provided last February before the impact of the global pandemic was known. For the full year, we generated 9% operational growth in revenue, primarily based on new products in our containment animal business, the continued strength of our key dermatology portfolio and growth in China. 
As part of our long-term value proposition, we once again grew revenues faster than the anticipated growth for 2020 and faster than historical industry rates of 4% to 6%. As part of our value proposition, we also delivered on growing our adjusted net income faster than revenue. 
For the full year, we delivered operational growth of 10% in adjusted net income, while adapting our operations with the pandemic and continuing investments in our pipeline and new product launches. We generated strong fourth quarter results, which Glenn will discuss in a minute, and these performance trends give us confidence in our growth drivers and strong momentum for 2021. 
We expect to continue growing revenue faster than the market in 2021, driven by ongoing strength in pet care, continued expansion in markets outside the U.S., most notably China, and acceleration of our diagnostics portfolio penetration. We are guiding to operational growth of 9% to 11% in revenue for full year 2021. 
Growth expectations for the companion animal market are in the mid-single digits, and we expect Zoetis to grow significantly faster than that based on the continued uptake of Simparica Trio, the strength of our key dermatology portfolio and the launch of monoclonal antibodies in markets outside the U.S.
Positive petcare trends during the dynamic, based on increased adoptions and people spending more time with their pets, should continue driving market growth in the near term. Data in the U.S. shows visits to veterinary clinics have rebounded, and the average revenue per visit has continued to increase. Over the long term, we see these trends moderating as adoption rates normalize and people eventually return to the workplace. 
The specialty care regimen and chronic care treatments that began in the pandemic should continue. And our innovative portfolio across dermatology, parasiticides, pain, vaccines and diagnostics have us well-positioned for continued growth and capturing share as these shifts occur. 
In terms of the livestock market, we expect low single-digit market growth in 2021 as the impact from COVID-19 will still be felt and a number of products experienced loss of exclusivity. We expect Zoetis to grow in line with the market, even as we face increased headwinds from generic competition for DRAXXIN, our leading anti-infective product. 
We are confident we can leverage our life cycle innovation strategies, together with the overall diversity of our livestock portfolio, including swine product sales in China, to help us address the loss of exclusivity for DRAXXIN and maintain livestock growth that will support our 2021 guidance. 
Longer term, we will continue to invest in livestock innovations and data-driven animal agricultural solutions. As we continue through 2021, we will be building on the progress against our 5 priorities: driving innovative growth; enhancing customer experience; leading in digital and data analytics; cultivating a high-performing organization; and championing a healthier, more sustainable future. 
Our investment plans and focus on growth for 2021 include: continuing the successful launch of Simparica Trio in the U.S. and other markets as well as the ongoing adoption of other new parasiticides, Revolution Plus and ProHeart 12; driving growth in dermatology through increased use of direct-to-consumer advertising and disease awareness campaigns in the U.S. and globally. Our focus remains on growing this market and increasing customer loyalty to our innovative treatments, which we expect to help us top $1 billion in annual sales for the first time. 
As noted earlier, we will be investing in the launch of the first monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain in dogs and cats in Europe in the first half of 2021 and advancing the regulatory process in the U.S. and other markets. While we remain confident in the eventual U.S. approval of these products, based on the safety and efficacy data we submitted, at this point, we believe it is unlikely we will receive approvals for Solensia or Librela in the U.S. in 2021. 
We continue to work through regulatory reviews and manufacturing inspections with the FDA, and we will continue to keep you updated on this process on future calls. 
And finally, we're continuing our development of digital and data solutions that will support more individualized animal care and more efficient and sustainable operations for producers. 
In conclusion, I'm incredibly proud of what our people accomplished in the face of such uncertainty during 2020, and it gives me great confidence in our continued success and full year guidance for 2021. 
As we navigate through recovery from the global pandemic and capitalize on the growth opportunities we see ahead, by optimism comes from what rob us over the last year: the resilience and essential nature of the animal health industry, the diversity, innovation and market leadership of our portfolio and the agility and passion of our colleagues to face any challenge. 
Now let me hand it off to Glenn, who will speak more about our fourth quarter results and guidance for the full year 2021.

Thanks, Mike. So starting on DRAXXIN, we are expecting a number of competitors to enter in the U.S. market. Again, the LOE is this month, so it hasn't happened yet. I would say more probably entrants than we expected a few months ago, but we don't think that will last obviously. I think the market will shake out, obviously, to a few. 
As we said previously, typically, we expect about -- to lose about 20% to 40% share over several years. In the case of DRAXXIN, given the large number of competitors, we do expect that to be faster, but we don't really expect it to be overall different. 
And really, partly what drives that, I think, is we do believe that a lower price on DRAXXIN will expand the market for macro life overall. And therefore, the market itself will grow. We also think we're positioned well from a broad portfolio, strong technical. We do expect that the price to come down in the 20% to 40%. That is an expectation. 
But as we said, this is all baked in right now to our guidance. So the expectations around where DRAXXIN is going to be is there. And if you look at broader livestock, you referenced some of the info costs. 
As you heard in some of our opening remarks, we are expecting low single-digit growth, so a return to growth in livestock overall. And yes, some of that will be led in the U.S. and sort of certain species, but a lot of that will be led outside the U.S. 
As a reminder, about 60% of our livestock business is outside of the U.S. and we're seeing incredible growth right now in China and some other markets, Brazil, et cetera. So overall, we do think some of the input costs in the U.S. will be a pressure. But we have -- given the diversity of our portfolio, looking at some large markets, our second largest market is China, our third largest market is Brazil, we do see strength in livestock there. So we overall do believe livestock will return to low single-digit growth in 2021. 
And we continue to believe it will return to normal growth in the mid single-digit range, 4% to 6%, over the medium term. So Glenn, I'm not sure if you want to take the incremental question on the broad companion animal trends in '21?

Sure, Louise, good hear from you. If you look at livestock overall, we're seeing some of the macro trends as sort of a recovery in China. Around ASF is driving a significant portion of the growth from a swine perspective. China is still going to be importing a decent amount, probably less than in 2020, from other markets around the world, sort of maintaining that. We're also hopeful that you'll see an increase in dine out, which will send signal to the industry to expand herds. 
So 2020 was obviously hit with many different factors, but do see both an increase in demand and in markets where our technology don't really leverage some of the emerging markets, but we're seeing significant uptick there. There will remain challenges in some of the U.S. producers obviously, for some of the input costs, et cetera. But we do believe you'll see more of a return to normalcy as we move into 2021, and that's why we're guiding at sort of the low single digits. But we do believe in the medium term, we'll be back to sort of the mid-single-digit overall.

Thanks, Erin. I heard the second question on mAbs, which I can answer. You were breaking up and digitizing on the first question. I think we've more or less have it to let us give a shot, and you can comment if we missed some of it, some of it we heard. 
So starting on your second question of the mAbs. We were very excited to now have Librela approved and launching in the first half of this year in the EU, Brazil, Canada and Switzerland. And Solensia, we continue to expect approval in the EU in the first half of this year to be launching sort of midyear. We already do have approval on Solensia in Switzerland. And we remain confident in the eventual approval based on the safety and efficacy data we submitted in the U.S. 
But as you saw in our remarks and our release, the approval timeline has moved out a bit. We believe this has to do with the fact that this is the first monoclonal antibody approved by the FDA and Animal Health. Our previous one, Cytopoint, was actually USDA. It's making it a little harder for us, honestly, to predict some with the regulatory process. We're continuing to work through the regulatory process and manufacturing inspections, and we'll continue to keep you updated. 
We don't think that changes the overall peak sales of this product at all, but it is a slightly different process. I guess Glenn might have understood a little bit better. But we'll try your first question now if we missed it.

Was that your question? Or did we get it all? Okay, that's fair. All right. You can come back in the queue if we miss you [indiscernible] started out there and do a little bit digital.

Yes. We don't have a great sense right now. We're still working through the regulatory and manufacturing process. We also -- the FDA is going to require inspections. Our facilities are outside the U.S., so the exact timing of when they're going to be able to do that is a little bit uncertain. So I don't have a great sense of not -- if we did, we would have obviously given more specific guidance. We do not expect it to be in 2021, which is what we're being clear on now. 
And as soon as we know more, we'll be happy to update on future calls going forward. But unfortunately, I don't have greater -- again, we remain very confident that we'll eventually be approved, but we need to go through a new process with a regulator that has an animal health under CBM approved monoclonal antibody previously. So it's a little bit different for us. So this is the best we know at this point.

Sure. For 2021, our focus remains on companion animals. We're very pleased with our progress on placements, which is a really good leading indicator of usage. As you saw, we had double-digit consumable growth as well, which we're quite pleased with. 
As we look at new products, we've added the images platform. We're excited with its first indication, obviously, in fecal, that's the AI-powered one. 
We're looking for additional indications there. So the last piece there would also be reference labs. So we're continuing to expand our U.S. reference labs. We'll be probably adding about 3 to 5 more labs this year. So we believe diagnostics is a core part of our portfolio. It's a market that grows at 10% plus. 
We're really pleased that we're starting to see some strong momentum across the different parts of it. So both reference lab as well as placements as well as consumables. So we remain very committed to the space and are pleased with our progress over there.

Sure. So starting on the Trio, we did see an increase in share in Q4 of 7%. So we are taking share in a number of places that's coming from. If you think about it, the first is new puppies, where I think we're doing quite well with new, I think, puppies. 
Also, new people to the category overall, I would say, people who maybe previously had gotten products over-the-counter are moving in. And we are taking share from some of the other established competitors in the space. So I think we're seeing strong growth overall, I would say, there, and pleased that our share. 
If you look at the potential for the product. The 2 competitors, Nexgard and Bravecto, are each $600 million product to date. So we continue to believe there's significant growth. We are -- we remain under indexed, to be honest with you, in parasiticide. So we continue to see this as a significant part of our overall gross growth. 
From expensive -- are there synergies with derm? Not really is what I would say, except for on the cost side. Obviously, we can get better buying power when you replace CTCS by leveraging the spend across both but beyond that, we don't see strong synergies, honestly, between the DTC online, affecting the other unless our clinic has to carry bolts and things like that. But we think maybe the only synergy there is just in our buying power by leveraging the combined DTC spend.

Sure. I think the life cycle for Librela and Solensia on the curve will be slightly different. Librela is entering a market that's $400 million today. So it's an established market. So I think the ability for people are already bringing their dogs in for OA pain. 
So I think we have the opportunity with Librela to expand the number of patients, given the safety and efficacy profile and the compliance benefits of the product. I think we can also increase days on therapy, which also helps us grow the market. And then obviously price, to your point, so it is priced at a premium to many of the products on the market today. It is not, obviously -- we don't have a price in the U.S. since we don't have an approval yet in the U.S. 
I think Solensia is going to be a little bit different. I think the curve is going to take a little longer. And that has to do the fact that there really isn't a market today in most parts of the world. If you had a cat who has it, there really was no treatment. So cat owners have kind of been conditions to not bring their cats in. 
We've started focusing, about 1 year ago, to try to build that market, make pet owners aware what OA pain looks like in cats, and get encouraged them to start bringing their cats to the vet and then getting vets to treat that. We think it's a significant market, but you have to first medicalize some of these conditions and treat it. 
It's significant. There's 60 million cats in the U.S. today. And really only 40% of them have a way, but only 18% of them are really identified by vet. So we think both are significant markets that we can grow the market. Solensia is more about creating a market. 
And I think you can look at our success in doing that with dermatology, with Apoquel and Cytopoint. So we're investing early. As Glenn has been talking about and some of the guidance over the last year and for 2021 in building those markets. But I would assume the curve for Librela will be much faster than the curves for Solensia as we're building a market.

Thanks, Chris. We have been talking about the fact that to really get to the mid-single digits in a sustainable way you're going to need innovation. 
I think there's a few spaces that where you're already starting to see that and some that will be coming. The first is around the vector vaccine space, which we've been talking about. In 2020, we launched our first one in the U.S. for New Castle. In 2021, we launched one for IBD. 
We're looking for more launches there. This is a significant market. It's about a $300 million market, growing double digits. So we do see vector technology in poultry, which is one of the faster-growing species being an area of innovation and growth for us. 
We also think more broadly that immunotherapies are going to be really important for 2 reasons: one, they are alternative to antibiotics; and secondly, healthier animals are more productive. So it also increases productivity for producers. So I think immunotherapies, which we've been working on for a while and have a partnership with Colorado State to develop, will be important. 
The other sector that I think is really important to focus on is precision livestock farming, which we also think has great potential. We're leaders right now in the genetic space there in genetic testing. We also purchased PLA, as you know, we're looking at really, that's about individual animal care and herd monitoring, and I think that's probably the next big wave. That's probably more of a medium-term growth driver. But I think there's a number of spaces where you're to see innovation at the livestock spot, so across vectors, immunotherapies and precision life platforming. 
I'll let Glenn take the second question on long-term margin expansion.

Sure. Thanks, Dave. With regards to the monoclonal antibodies, Librela and Solensia. It really is just working through the regulatory process and the questions that they're asking and they're requiring inspections of sites. So at this point, we have not been asked for any clinical data, but we're still in the regulatory process is what I would say. 
It is our first time doing this with the FDA. So it's just, honestly, a new process for both. And understandably, it's the first time they're looking at some of these types of products, and they have a number of questions. So it really is just going through the regulatory review process and trying to manage new manufacturing inspections, which I do know probably COVID is definitely affecting that a little bit, but we're just working through that. 
So at this point, we have not been asked for any additional clinical data, and we don't think there's any manufacturing issues at this point. We're just still working through the review process and what their expectations are. 
With regards to Zoetis' R&D. What I would say is I think it's the partnership between R&D, manufacturing and our commercial organization. It's taking those insights that commercial has of customer needs and partnered early on with R&D to develop products. 
I think the other thing we've done really well is partner with manufacturing to be able to scale those products and be able to bring them to market. We manufacture our own monoclonal antibodies. As you know, we've got very strong manufacturing capabilities which is, I think, important for launching many of the products and scaling up at the level. 
We certainly learned the hard way early on in our journey about investing in that partnership, when we saw some of the challenges we had supplying Apoquel. So I think from an R&D perspective, obviously, I think we have great scientists. But I think it's the rigorous part process and partnerships they have with our commercial and our manufacturing colleagues and our willingness to invest in disruptive technologies and take those risks that we've been managing over the last 8 years. 
Anything you would you add there, Glenn?

Sure. So your -- first of all, it'd be great to hear from you. Secondly, on the mAb, they are both -- the manufacturing facilities are different for them, but they are outside the U.S. And prior approval inspections regulator handled them differently, but they are going to be required probably for both of these products, and they are both different, but they are both outside of the U.S. 
And I think your second question was around the derm sales growth, U.S. or ex-U.S. It's both. We still believe we're underpenetrated outside the U.S. There's the same number of dogs in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. yet, 2/3 of our sales in derm remain in the U.S. So we do think there's a significant opportunity. It has been harder to get scale outside the U.S., historically, mostly because we've not been able to do direct-to-consumer advertising those brand-specific. 
One of the investments we are going to make for the first time is doing just overall disease awareness direct-to-consumer advertising in 2021. So we cannot be specific with brands, but in derm, we really are the only products. So hopefully, if you raise awareness around a disease and that there are treatments, you can encourage people to speak to their vet and get the best care. 
So that I think is one of the reasons why international we are hoping will start to grow faster. But I have to give our U.S. team tremendous credit. They continue to grow the market. The investment in direct-to-consumer advertising, raising awareness of their our products are bringing more pet in and getting more pets treated. 
And in the U.S., there are still 6 million dogs who have -- who need our products or need a derm solution who aren't getting one. So we do believe there's still growth in the U.S., although we would expect, although I'm sure -- I know the last year, we've seen very strong growth out of the U.S. We would expect over time for the U.S. growth to start to decline, the overall growth and more of the growth to come from international, but we still believe there's significant potential in both.

Sure. With regards to the launch of Trio, I would say there's a lot of unique characteristics of Vetria Launch. A, we launched at the height of the pandemic in the U.S. So I'm not sure how to compare that to other people's launches. 
We were slower to penetrate clinics, I would say, in Q2 and Q3, but we're quite pleased that by the end of the year, we reached all of our penetration goals. So I think our penetration has been quite strong. 
Given the delay, really, the outperformance was our share once we were penetrated within the clinic. The ability to get more of the patients on our product has been really strong, and that gives us good confidence as we move into 2021. 
As Glenn mentioned a few minutes earlier, we are expecting a similar contribution. For starters, we'll have in Q1 where we didn't have sales last year. But with the penetration, we were able to achieve by the end of the year, which is reaching the goals we had wanted, we think that we can just get the same pull-through that we had at those clinics in 2021. We'll continue to see great growth across there. 
We're also seeing it also pull our broader parasiticide portfolio. So I'm not sure I would say, I would use a human health analog but I continue to remind everybody, we're -- we remain underpenetrated in this space. Antares is the single biggest category in the animal health space. It's $4 billion globally, with $2.5 billion in the U.S. Continuing to see about 16% growth in Simparica beyond Trio globally, it shows -- there's significant opportunity here for us to continue to grow. And we were quite pleased if you looked at overall care, we had an increase in share of 7% in Q4. So we think we can continue to take share in this and grow it overall. 
So I'm not sure it looks like human health, but with our biggest competitors already being $600 million products, I think we've got strong ability to continue to grow and to get at least our fair share in this space.

Sure. With regards to pet adoption, there are 135 million pets in the U.S. In a typical year, you see about 3.2 million adoptions. So even a 10% increase isn't going to dramatically change things, but we are seeing an increase in vet visits, which we think is a positive trend. And we do expect that to continue in 2021. 
So as Glenn mentioned earlier, we did see a 2% increase in vet visits in Q4. We are expecting that to continue. So I think you are seeing maybe a proportional to what was the incremental tests that were adopted. We don't have very specific numbers, but I would say, assume it's somewhere between like 2% and 10% there. It will be helpful, and I do think we're going to continue to see an increase in visits. 
You asked as well about spend per visit, which was incredibly strong in 2020. We don't believe it's going to remain that strong, to be honest with you. We still think it will grow if you look generally speaking at our space, you do -- we've seen overall revenues of clinics growing in the mid- to high single digits. 
On a normal year, I'm not sure what 2020 was going to look like. But assuming it's somewhere close to a normal year, we do think you're going to see strong growth overall there and spend overall revenue into the vet clinic, both with growth in total number of visits as well as spend per visit. 
With regards to the Trio question on competition. We don't have the visibility that human health has as to when we'll get competitors. To be very frank, we would have expected a competitor by now. We would have expected one in derm as well. So we're not exactly sure what the challenge is. 
But we don't have great ways of knowing other than rumor mill in the market and strategic accounts who often try to renegotiate with us when they think of competitors entering the market, which we haven't seen yet. That does not mean that someone couldn't surprise us. So there could be, but we wanted to be clear what our guidance was based on. 
So at this point, given we don't have any specific knowledge, we will assume we do not have competition in 2021. And as to when they would come, honestly, we don't really know. 
But to your point, these are large markets. Both your question on Trio, but as well as derm, and we are expecting competition, we just, at this point, do not have any specific knowledge, so our guidance did not include an assumption for competition in either space.

Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for your questions and your continued interest in Zoetis today. We look forward to keeping you updated on our business throughout the year and continuing to deliver the results and innovations that you and our customers expect. Thanks so much for joining us.