Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. In 2018, we have been making significant effort to support future growth with investment in the business. We are allocating more resources to typical R&D projects, updating and expanding many of our manufacturing capabilities and investing in key areas such as diagnostics with the recent acquisition of Abaxis. We are making good progress integrating Abaxis. Our sales teams have been cross-trained on Zoetis' and Abaxis' product lines in the U.S. and Canada. And they're already collaborating on customer accounts. 
Outside of the U.S., we are focused on building a more robust diagnostic care team and using the existing Zoetis infrastructure to expand our diagnostic sales. Initial feedback on the acquisition has been very good. Our field force has been very positive about the potential of this combination and the more comprehensive solutions they can now bring to our veterinary customers. Early customer responses has been very encouraging.
Our core business and investment strategy has Zoetis well positioned for the future with the diverse portfolio addressing the needs across the continuum of care and a promising pipeline of new programs and the life cycle innovations. 
As I mentioned last quarter, we have taken a phased filing approach for a new 3-way combination parasiticide, and we continue making that progress. The product will be known by the trade name SIMPARICA TRIO, and it will combine sarolaner and 2 other active ingredients to focus on ectoparasites such as fleas, ticks and mites as well as internal parasite and the prevention of heartworm disease. 
Our phased regulatory filings are progressing in the U.S. The safety, efficacy and chemistry manufacturing and control chemical sections are under FDA review. In addition, we have submitted the dossier with the European Medicines Agency, and subject to regulatory reviews and approval, we would anticipate SIMPARICA TRIO coming to market in 2020.
We are also progressing well with our monoclonal antibody program, targeting pain treatment for dogs and cats. This will strengthen our leadership position for pain in dogs and allow us to expand into cats. I will provide further updates as we move through the regulatory process. Our R&D team also continues to enhance our internal portfolio with life cycle innovations and additional product indication such as the recent expansion of Cytopoint to cover allergic as well as atopic dermatitis in the U.S., also introducing of leading Zoetis brands into new geographies and new combinations. 
Now turning to a few highlights of our third quarter results. Zoetis continued delivering strong revenue growth, with 12% operational growth this quarter. Our diverse portfolio remains the condition of Zoetis steady and reliable performance, with growth across our major species, markets and therapeutic areas. 
Our companion animal products performed very well in the third quarter based on continued growth in our key dermatology brands, new parasiticides and for the first time, the addition of Abaxis diagnostic portfolio. We see further growth opportunities for our key dermatology products in 2019. In the U.S., we expect that portfolio to continue growing, although at a lower rate than 2018. We expect to continue expanding the addressable market in the U.S. and building awareness of dermatologic conditions through ongoing direct-to-consumer campaigns. Internationally, we expect higher growth than in the U.S. driven by the expansion of the dermatology market, increasing their patients share and the potential introduction of Apoquel in China pending final regulatory approval. 
Meanwhile, in livestock products, our swine, poultry and fish portfolios each delivered double-digit growth with a more modest growth in our cattle business. We expect all our species categories to show growth for the full year 2018 and also for 2019.
For 2019, analysts expect the companion animal and poultry markets to outperform the overall industry growth of approximately 5%, excluding the currency impact. Swine is expected to be in line with the market growth, and cattle market growth is expected to be more limited.
Turning to profitability. In the third quarter, we achieved 32% operational growth in adjusted net income. Thanks to our increased revenue, improved cost structure and tax reform. 
In closing, in 2018, we are confident in achieving our improved annual guidance, continuing to grow revenues faster than market and growing adjusted net income faster than revenue. 
And with that, let me hand things over to Glenn, who will provide more details on our third quarter results and guidance.

Thank you, Jon. Glenn will answer the first question. I will cover the Abaxis question, and then Glenn also will provide the comments on the 4% price increase in the quarter.

Okay, thank you, Glenn. In terms of the Abaxis integration, I think the retention of the sales force is not -- I can describe as 100% retention. And not only it's about retention, it's about the feedback that we are getting from the field force from Abaxis, which is extremely positive. They are expressing the excitement of the opportunity now to be supported by a larger company, by much more pressures in our field, and the combination of the 2 portfolios is something that can create significant opportunities. It is too early to discuss about bundling. Definitely we see opportunity of combining the diagnostic portfolio of Abaxis, the diagnostic portfolio of Zoetis and also the rest of the portfolio of medicine, and it's something that is a work in progress. We see that diagnostic medicines, vaccines are very much integrated in the clinics. So we expect that this will represent a significant opportunity in the future.

Thank you, Alex. So let me discuss about the potential competition of our dermatology portfolio. Definitely, and this is something that we already communicated in previous call that over time, we expect competitors are coming into this Abaxis market. It's a market that has been basically created by Zoetis. In the same way that many years ago, we also created the pain market for dogs. And even after many years, many new entrants, still RIMADYL remains the leading brand in terms of pain for dogs. So we are expecting that competition, but we also expect that we have very strong position with the combination of Apoquel and Cytopoint and products that have been responding extremely well to the needs of veterinarians and also the needs of dogs, and we are very confident that these products will continue growing. And new competition also will expand the market, and we'll also benefit off these market expansion from a leadership position. Glenn will discuss about the breakdown between dermatology products Simparica U.S., International, and also I will be covering the expectations for our livestock in 2019.

So the comments I provided for 2019 in terms of livestock was related -- were related to the market and not specific to our projection for 2019 livestock for Zoetis. What I said is that the market expect that poultry will be growing faster than this 5%. It is expected to grow for the overall animal health industry. Swine will be in line with the market and cattle will be much more modest growth, and this is something that at this point, we are not yet providing the specifics of our growth in 2019. But we expect that we will be more or less in line with the market expectations.

Thank you, Louise. We expect, as I said, in 2019 a modest growth in cattle for the animal health industry. We see that prices for dairy are improving. We expected this improvement to be seen in the second half of 2018. It's taking longer. But now, there are indications that these prices are recovering in the U.S., have also recovered in International markets. So we are more optimistic about dairy in 2019. In 2019, we also expect small growth, very little growth in terms of number of calf in the beef section of cattle and combining all these elements, we expect some recovery of cattle in 2019. But as I said, cattle is expected to grow at modest growth.

Thank you, Kevin. In terms of our capital allocation, we are not changing the previous capital allocation communication. So definitely, we see, and we continue seeing opportunities in terms of investing internally. We are increasing our allocation to R&D. We communicated that also we are expanding and increasing their capabilities in manufacturing, and we see opportunities in commercial. And in 2018, I think the opportunities definitely will be in the diagnostics and will be an expansion of our presence in industrial market. So we'll continue investing internally. And the return of these investments has been extremely positive, and we'll continue making sure that we have the resources to generate long-term growth. In terms of BDs, the second priority in terms of capital allocation, we just completed the acquisition of Abaxis. We also had some other minor acquisitions. Smartbow, that is also a company that will be providing sensors and also the opportunity for more data analytics, digital in the dairy farms. And this is an area that we are also very interested to ensuring that we are developing the internal capabilities in terms of a digital data analytics to provide this value to our customers. And we'll continue with returning the excess capital to our shareholders. It will be through dividends. It will be through buying shares back. Nothing has changed. And definitely, we'll still see opportunities of, as I said, continue investing internally, in defining external opportunities and returning this excess capital. In terms of the pipeline, well, SIMPARICA TRIO has been filed in both the U.S. and also Europe. When this will be coming to the market, it's to be seen because it's depending on the regulator. But definitely we expect that SIMPARICA TRIO will be in the market sometime in 2020. Who will be first? It's to be seen. There are some other programs that also we'll see even earlier than 2019. For instance, we are also expecting that in the U.S., we'll have life cycle innovation with REVOLUTION Plus and combining REVOLUTION Plus active ingredient that is with bigger combination of other agents that we will expand the protection not only to fleas on pigs but it making stronger for pigs, and this is something that we expect that this REVOLUTION Plus coming into the market in 2019. And we'll continue also updating in some other products in 2019 in the U.S. and also international markets specifically life cycle innovation. I also mentioned that we are expecting the approval of Apoquel in China. Again so it's subject to regulatory approval. But it can be sometime in 2019. And this will also help us to continue growing Apoquel and other portfolio for Zoetis. And China now is one of our top markets for companion animal in Zoetis. So it's probably a good opportunity that we see the introduction of Apoquel in this market.

Okay. Thank you, Erin. So in terms of Abaxis pro forma, I think it's -- well, the integration of the closing of Abaxis has been at the mid of this quarter. I think it's probably a little bit too early to provide the full details of the different elements of the diagnostic implementation in the clinics. This is something that we will discuss what will be the level of information that we'll be providing in the future, and maybe we can have this discussion of the fourth quarter when we have the full quarter already reporting and having all the elements that are under control by Zoetis. Glenn will be talking about the destocking question that you raised.

And then what we expect from animal health diagnostic growth is kind of long-term and that we are growing faster than the animal health core business mentioned. And I think it has been in the fast growing at 7%, 8%. We also expect that in the future we'll be growing higher than 5% and we will see significant opportunities for growth in International markets. In where, we are now expanding our presence, and we are convinced that it will have a significant opportunity to penetrate in this market. You also asked about the U.S. changes in the distribution and retailer channel, talking about Vets First Choice or Internet pharmacy, definitely it's a lot of changes in this segment, companion animal in the U.S. We see some of these changes also having the positive impact of expanding the market. Having much more access for [ payers ] at the same time the opportunity also to increase compliance. But at the same time, we are convinced that veterinarians will remain at the center of health care solution especially in areas that will require prescription or the intervention of veterinarians with injectables or vaccination or acute treatment in the companion animal. And we will continue supporting the veterinarians willing to deliver value to our patrons.

Thank you, Mike. So let me cover the question on additional label indications for Cytopoint. So in R&D, there are 4 main reasons for this type of condition. So one is related to fleas. The other one is food and the third one is environment. Anything which is not in this 3 areas is described as atopic. Now, Cytopoint also have the indication of allergy not only atopic indication, and they will help us to promote all the indications of Cytopoint. We are not expecting significant revenue because of that but definitely, it's an area that in our opinion, veterinarians have been using Cytopoint based on their own understanding of the need. But that fact that we'll be now promoting broader label, we will always excel but we don't expect a significant incremental revenue. We expect that the market in the U.S. will still has the potential for expansion, and also we expect that our patient share also can increase with the right interaction that we have with the veterinarians and the right communication to the pet owners, and this is applicable to the U.S. and also internationally. In terms of pipeline contribution, in the near-term, well, in the near-term, we discuss about near-term 2019. So the pipeline will be mainly related to life cycle innovation. We'll be always introducing some new vaccines, new products. But we expect a significant introduction of new products in 2020. And we'll have the opportunity to discuss in February the details of our guidance for 2019 and also how we see '19 in terms of the different sources of growth, our current portfolio, new product introduction and also price. You also asked about the African swine fever and the collaboration with USDA. Well, this is something that it will take several years to see a vaccine in the market to protect pigs against the African swine fever. But definitely, it's is an area that have significant impact, and we have seen the impact now in China and also in some other markets. It's affecting the production of pork. But what I think it's even more important that what is the short-term opportunity for developing vaccine to protect pigs against the African swine fever is the observation that Zoetis is the partner of choice with USDA and many other institutions when we need to bring new vaccines into the market. And this is, in my opinion, what is important at this moment in the collaboration that we are establishing between us and USDA.

Well, I think it's too early to indicate when the product will be in the market. So what I can tell you is that we are making very good progress. So we have several products for both dogs and cats. We are very optimistic about these products reaching the market. And as I said, I will provide to you more updates as we start the process of filing the dossier into the FDA and also the European agencies. And then when we have that information, then I will be providing more details for when we plan that to have the product into the market.

Thank you, Chris. And well, I will provide some general comments about OpEx and then also Glenn will provide more detail. So we have seen 2018, maybe also '19. So years in where we are building some additional capabilities in our commercial infrastructure. As we know for 2 years in where we see additional opportunities to invest in R&D, and this is driving higher growth in terms of operating expenses than in previous years. In the long term, I think we'll remain in line with the previous communication that operating expenses will be growing in line with inflation. But it is also true that we have seen significant changes in our business, the inclusion or addition of Abaxis. We also included some other areas where we need some additional capabilities, and there are now new opportunities that we have seen also in digital and also in terms of data analytics. All these, it's for creating the need of part of the investment. But as I said, it's something that will be as a temporary and therefore over time, moving into the long-term growth in line with inflation. Glenn, you want to add some additional comments here?

So in terms of SIMPARICA TRIO and the incremental opportunity compared to Simparica, we are very pleased with the performance of Simparica. So we are now on the 9-month close to $150 million, $144 million. But still we are significantly underrepresented in the oral parasiticide market in where NexGard or BRAVECTO are showing much more significant sales. And one of the reasons were that we were several years behind the competitors in terms of introducing these products. We are confident that with the SIMPARICA TRIO, we'll be bringing a product that will be highly competitive and also will have the opportunity to capture part of the revenues, which are today on internal parasiticides and also heartworm provided by other products. So the opportunity in SIMPARICA TRIO, it's to capture higher share in terms of the overall market of oral parasiticides and expanding to internal parasiticides. So we'll provide in the future when we have probably closer to the launch what can be the expectations of SIMPARICA TRIO.

So thank you, Kathy. So you're correct. So the 59% share, it was related to patient share for Apoquel, Cytopoint. There was in previous quarters now, we have increased to 63% in the U.S. And we are significantly lower in International market. And again so International markets is where we see the opportunity of first, expanding the dermatology markets and also increasing our penetration with the market share. You also asked about the base business excluding, I guess, that Apoquel, Cytopoint, Simparica. This is -- I guess, this is the question maybe, Glenn, you can answer that.

Thank you, Dave. Well, let me confirm that SIMPARICA TRIO has been filed with all the different sections in the FDA. And I thought that in previous communications, we were saying that we're expecting SIMPARICA TRIO to be in the market in 2020. And we can maybe check. Not to cause any confusion here, but I think I want to confirm that we expect this product in 2020, and let me -- I think we are very confident that the product, SIMPARICA TRIO, will have full protection for heartworm. But let me confirm with our scientists what will be the level of protection in terms of percentage. But we are very confident that efficacy of the product for internal and external will be excellent. So it is one of the reasons why we are confident that the product will have a significant opportunity once it's launched into the U.S. and also in International markets. Let me say that in International markets, maybe the opportunity is lower in the U.S. because heartworm, outside of the U.S., is less prevalent. So the biggest opportunity for SIMPARICA TRIO will be in the U.S.

Thank you for your attention. We are very pleased with the results of the third quarter, and as I said, extremely confident in our guidance for total year 2018 that has been growing over time, and now we have provided an increase in terms of adjusted net income for the total year. Thank you for your attention.