Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Let me share 3 quick headlines for our call today. First, we continued to perform very well through the first half of 2018, with a strong second quarter result. Based on the latest external estimate, we have continued to gain net market share through the last 12 months ending in March 2018. Second, we are very excited about the Abaxis acquisition that closed this week, well ahead of our expectations. And this should allow us to move very quickly into the integration phase. And finally, we remain very confident in our ability to achieve our full year guidance.
When you look at our historical performance and the recent revenue growth, much of our success comes from our diverse portfolio. Our portfolio has been compiled through the long-term investment in R&D and the careful selection of external partnerships and acquisitions.
We are very confident in the long-term return of this investment. And in 2018, we had an increase in R&D expense as we continue to accelerate certain project in key growth areas, such as monoclonal antibody that will address pain associated with osteoarthritis and other indications. We are also progressing with the development of combination products based on the sarolaner compound, which is used in new products like Simparica, an oral parasiticide for dogs, and Stronghold Plus, a topical combination parasiticide for cats.
We have filed for approval, a new 3-way combination parasiticide, which, if approved, will be known by the trade name, SIMPARICA TRIO. We will combine sarolaner with 2 other active ingredients to focus on ectoparasite such as fleas, ticks and mites as well as internal parasite and the prevention of heartworm disease. We remain very confident in the technical package that we have completed for this product. We are taking a phased filing approach in various markets around the world and subject to regulatory reviews and approvals, we would anticipate it coming to the market in 2020. We are also proud of recent launches of new swine vaccines, which include Fostera Gold in the U.S. as well as PRRS, PCV2, PCV M Hyo combination vaccine that are performing well in other market. All demonstrate our continued expertise in vaccine and have us well positioned for continued growth. External partnerships and acquisitions are also important for innovation and providing us new capability set to predict, prevent, detect and treat disease in animals. We have always seen diagnostics as an important high-growth space for Zoetis, an important piece of our comprehensive solution we can bring to veterinarians. We wanted to find the right opportunity and partner. And this week, we completed our acquisition of Abaxis, a leading provider of veterinary point-of-care diagnostic instruments for approximately $2 billion. With our growing scale and direct customer relationships in approximately 45 countries, we can sell, accelerate the growth of Abaxis portfolio in the U.S. and International markets. We can also combine the expertise in diagnostics with our diverse portfolio and provide customers with integrated solutions that can work across the continuum of care.
We are now moving ahead with integration plans. While there will be cost efficiencies, the real value of this transaction is in the revenue growth opportunities, especially International. Another area of external investment has been in monoclonal antibodies. In addition to our internal expertise, this June, we announced a 5-year agreement with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals to collaborate on additional research in antibody therapies. As part of this agreement, Zoetis will be using Regeneron technology to develop monoclonal antibodies for use in companion animals and livestock animals. Regeneron will also work with Zoetis to evaluate, select Regeneron antibodies in diseases of dogs and cats. Together, we will generate data that could be used in later human trials and for proof of concept in veterinary species. This collaboration demonstrates our access to multiple sources of innovation and reinforces our reputation as the animal health standard of choice inherently.
Finally, we are also expanding into sensors, digital platform and data analytics tools that help our customers predict and detect diseases in their animals. We recently acquired a small company based in Austria called Smartbow. They are an innovative partner we have been working with for more than a year on precision dairy farming technology. Smartbow has developed a cow monitoring system that helps dairy farmers use active electronic ear tag to collect data and analytics from individual animals. This includes monitoring for reproductive data, animal location, detecting signs of stress, behavior change and disease, and paving the way for early intervention and treatment.
Moving on to second quarter results. We achieved 9% operational growth in revenue, driven by the performance of new parasiticide and new vaccines, our dermatology portfolio as well as contributions from the rest of our in-line portfolio. Our key dermatology products, Apoquel and Cytopoint, generated $143 million in sales in the second quarter. This included our first-ever quarter of $100 million in the U.S., where we continued to use direct-to-consumer advertising to build both disease and brand awareness. We have continued to grow patient share in both the U.S. and International segments. And over the last 12 months, we have generated more than $500 million in sales for our key dermatology portfolio. Our new parasiticide products, Simparica and Stronghold Plus, saw solid growth in the second quarter with more than $50 million in sales for Simparica, putting it well on its way to blockbuster status this year. We continue to use our digital marketing and direct-to-consumer campaign to support these products, and we are seeing good results in the U.S. and other markets like Brazil.
As we said last quarter, we expect to grow our cattle, poultry, swine and fish products in line or faster than the overall market, and we expect to see positive growth in the livestock market in 2018. We have also sustained a profitable performance in the second quarter. We grew our adjusted net income by 37% operationally based on revenue growth, improvements to our gross margin and continued benefits from U.S. tax reform.
In closing, I'm confident that we are taking the right actions and making the right investment to deliver on our objective for our 2018 and ensure our future growth. With that, let me hand things over to Glenn, who will provide more details on our second quarter result, the Abaxis acquisition and full year 2018 guidance.

Thank you, Erin, and well, we see the U.S. livestock has not changed compared to previous projections. Despite of the trade situation, we expect that the U.S. livestock will be showing positive growth in 2018. We also mentioned at the beginning of the year that on this market growth, we expect cattle and poultry product is already growing in line with the market and swine growing faster than the market. And our forecast remain the same. The only change compared to what we estimated at the beginning of the year was the dairy segment, where the performance is below expectations for the market and we also expected a recovery in the second half. And now, our estimate is it will be taking longer and will not be until 2019. Just to summarize our performance in the first half, so livestock grew in the U.S. by 2%. And for total Zoetis, the growth was 5%. And this confirms, again, that our geographical diversity is helping us to manage economic cycles, regulatory changes or now even a trade war. The fundamentals of livestock remain the same and the consumption of animal proteins continues growing, and they need to keep animals healthy and productive, the same as we've been communicating before. So with all these, we expect that at the end of the year, the livestock in the U.S. and also the livestock worldwide will be growing and will be growing in line or faster than the market. Maybe, also Glenn can add some comments on the second half of the year.

Thank you, Kevin. I will cover the monoclonal antibody question and then Glenn will respond on the organic growth in the second quarter. Definitely monoclonal antibody is an area of significant investment for Zoetis. We have seen that first of all in opportunities for Cytopoint and this is something that is developing extremely well. So the reaction of the market has been exceeding the initial expectations. And we also saw opportunities on developing programs, as you said, for osteoarthritis pain and also very important, cats. These programs are progressing very well. We are combining many different programs that came from Nexvet have also internal programs that were part of our R&D activity. And beyond pain, we also see opportunities in renal, we see opportunities on oncology, and we're also developing programs for livestock. These programs are not as advanced as companion animal, but we remain confident that also monoclonal antibodies will provide opportunities in livestock, especially in feed enhancement that is an area that also we'll be replacing existing technologies with new technologies that will be more acceptable for consumers or retailers. Glenn?

Well, we have seen that -- well, for us, the poultry business has been performing very well in the first half. We continue creating growth in the second half. Again, so it's -- as we explained many times, maybe some market, they will be facing some challenge. But the consumption of chicken is growing, and we have seen growth in many International markets. Maybe the only area in where we saw some negative evolution was Brazil, and this was a result of also the strike in where the transportation strike was limiting the transportation of food to some of the poultry farms, and this created some challenging situation for producers. I think Brazil is where we have probably the lesser penetration in terms of poultry. Overall, we remain positive about poultry. And in poultry, we have not only vaccines and pharmaceuticals, but we're also providing devices for vaccination, in ovo vaccination, and also we have been adding also automation with the integration of KL. So overall, we remain positive about poultry.

So in terms of Abaxis and its impacted EPS, so similar to what we have indicated prior -- in 2018, we do expect Abaxis to be slightly dilutive to earnings when you include the funding of the acquisition. We do expect that our first full year of operation, we will be able to generate both revenue upside and some of the expense savings that we expect to generate that it will be slightly accretive to earnings. So we do expect it to be accretive to earnings in 2019. But in 2018, it is slightly dilutive.
In terms of the tax change on the guidance, we had previously guided to an adjusted effective tax rate of 21% to 22%. Because of some favorable discrete items that we've experienced year-to-date and some of that we may experience in the following quarters as well, we've updated our guidance to approximately 28%. But again, those are just certain discrete items that don't necessarily carry forward into 2019 and beyond. In terms of the organic growth for the second half of the year, again, similar to some of the comments that we've made. We do have certain challenges, particularly in Q4 2017, from a prior year comp perspective that will negatively impact our growth, and also we do have the 4 fewer calendar days in the International segment in Q4.

Thank you, Mike. And on SIMPARICA TRIO, as you said, it depends on regulatory approval. But as I said, we feel confident that the packet -- registration packet of these products is strong, and we will be able really to gain approval to launch the product in 2020. Definitely, I really will be launching the product in the first quarter. But we don't know at this point it will be in the first quarter or mid-year. So definitely we'll be working to accelerate as much as possible all the approvals. But it depends on third party approval, and we don't know exactly when we will be able to bring this product into the market. And Glenn will cover the question on OpEx.

And Mike, I don't think I responded about the timing for the U.S. or Europe. In both big markets, we expect approval in 2020.

Thank you, Dave, and well, I just answered a question on the SIMPARICA TRIO. I mentioned that we expect this product to reach the market in 2020 in both U.S. and International. International will be European Union. And Glenn, do you want to answer the question on the sequential?

Thank you, Greg. Well, we mentioned previously that we expect for our derm portfolio. We expect competition in the future for Apoquel and also for Cytopoint. We have now raised our position in the market. We also have a product that has demonstrated very strong safety and efficacy profile. And we are very confident that we will be able to continue defending our franchise successfully in the future. Definitely, we have been growing very fast. We expect that at some point, we will be reaching a level of penetration that will be difficult to continue growing. But we still have a lot of opportunities in the International markets, in where we far off reaching this level of penetration in terms of patients. And in some countries like China, the product is not yet available, and we expect Apoquel reaching China and also generating very positive growth. So we are -- in summary, we are confident that we have great composition, we have great 2 products and definitely we expect that we will be able to protect and defend this franchise that has been created by Zoetis. In terms of Abaxis, we see both short-term and long-term opportunities. We mentioned that the short term will be for International markets, where the level of use of diagnostic tools is extremely lower than in the U.S. And now we have our presence and the combination of our portfolio with the diagnostics and adding the field force that we have in International markets, we expect will generate short-term growth. In longer term, definitely we see 2 opportunities. One is to continue bringing innovation, and we are confident that with Abaxis together with SMB and also our internal group, we'll be able to continue bringing the innovation in companion animals. But also very important now we have actually -- we have the opportunity to reassign resources to develop our portfolio for livestock. And in livestock, we see a significant opportunity in where there is not any existing diagnostic company having any penetration in this market. This market is served mainly from reference lab. Farmers or veterinarians in livestock sending samples to reference labs, getting the information back in 1 to 3 days. We see the opportunity of bringing point-of-care diagnostic tools into the farms and creating an information that will be very important to protect the animals and also maybe with the opportunity to expand the use and the compliance in the livestock.

Thank you. And then, we -- a clarification on the level of penetration in the U.S. In the U.S., in the second quarter, we have reached 61% patient share. So we can see opportunities to continue growing in this franchise. What I can tell you is that we will be reaching in the future a level of penetration that it will be difficult to continue growing, but not at this point. At this point, we still see 2 opportunities in the U.S. One is increasing the awareness and increasing the demand for treating the dermatology issues and also increasing the penetration on patient share. Then moving to the cost efficiency in Abaxis, Glenn, do you want to cover this question?

And maybe one comment on the cost efficiency side in Abaxis. So the Abaxis division is not driven by cost efficiency. We will be generating short-term cost efficiencies. But the cost efficiency will be fully realized in 2019. You also ask about this 200 basis points of improvement in cost. Maybe, Glenn, you can cover that. Many of these costs have been regenerated in 2018. So it's not that we are still targeting that 200 basis points of improvement for now. So some of these have been also coming in this quarter.

Well, now we have a combined portfolio with Abaxis and SMB. But we don't think that at this point, there are products which are in conflict or in competition. They are products that they can be managed very well. And now we have the opportunity to combine the field force of Abaxis because we've been increasing it in 2018. And with our field force and the plan now -- from now through the next coming months is that to ensure that both field forces are fully aligned and both field forces they have their level of technical information that will be supporting this in the portfolio. So we are very confident that we'll be depending Abaxis in International markets as well as in the U.S., with now stronger presence in the market.

Thank you for the questions, Alex. I think that the FDA 5 years' blueprint, in our opinion, is consistent with previous approaches in terms of anti-infectives or antibiotics. We don't think that this will have a significant negative impact to Zoetis. We already mentioned that in antibiotics, we expect that they will be growing maybe half of the growth rate of the animal health industry. This is part of our model. This is part of our prediction. We continue also working on having a portfolio that is much more balanced and less dependent on antibiotics. And if you compare the portfolio of antibiotics or the weight of our revenues in 2013 to the weight of antibiotics in 2018, this has been decreased significantly. But we are still very confident that we have a very strong portfolio of antibiotics -- injectable antibiotics that can be used by veterinarians in a way that is protecting animals and not creating additional resistance in human health. So we are confident that we will be able really to maintain our position and support our portfolio of antibiotics. You also asked about the breakdown between dermatology sales U.S., International as well as Simparica. Glenn?

Thank you, Kathy, and the impact on tariff is something that it's evolving every day because it can be -- maybe some additional tariff applied to China. But our estimate for 2018 is that definitely will be some small impact on our swine because of the exportations to China. But to put things into perspective, so the total swine in the U.S. represent about 3% of our total revenues. 80% of the production in the U.S. is for local consumption and 20% is for export. On this 20%, 10% -- 10% to 12% is exportation to China. So even if there may be some impact, the total revenues exported to China or [ as royalty ] represent less than 0.1%. So definitely, it's an area that we are concerned because it's affecting our customers in the U.S. But at the same time, as I mentioned before, our global presence is also protecting us for this type of economic cycles or regulatory situations or even trade wars. And we know that the consumption will remain strong, and we have a significant presence of swine activity in many other parts of the world. You also asked about PHARMAQ performance in the second quarter. Glenn, do you want to comment on that?

Thank you, Chris. Well, first, for penetrating International markets with the new portfolio of diagnostic equipment, we are now building the presence in these International markets. When I say building the presence, we need to have technical people that will be in charge of selling and also installing, and the plan is to use our existing field force to complement this effort. This was already planned even before the acquisition of Abaxis because when we acquired SMB, we saw the opportunity of building this infrastructure to support the future portfolio. Now, with Abaxis, we're accelerating even more this plan to have the presence that we think is needed to support the growth in International markets. So it's something that we've done to generate that but most of this impact will be coming in 2019 and the following years. You were asking about the long term. It could be reaching 50/50. I think it's too early to say. And we still need to have better understanding of what will be the level of adoption of equipment in International markets. Again, so International markets is a combination of developed market with developing market. And definitely, it will be part of our analysis of -- full analysis and also we'll be targeting that to maximize opportunities. But at this point, it's difficult to predict it will be 50/50. In terms of capital allocation, Glenn will cover, but there is no change. And we'll remain committed with the principles that we communicated before. Glenn?

Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your questions. And as a conclusion, we remain very positive about our performance and not the performance in the quarter but also our future performance. And we are very much on track to deliver our objective for 2018, and we continue investing and ensuring that we will be generating future growth through our core portfolio, but now also through the extended portfolio with diagnostics and other areas in where we are also investing. So thank you very much for your attention today.