Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Our 2018 results once again confirmed the strength of our business and our leadership in the animal health industry. We delivered another year of stronger performance and executed on investment plan to continue to strengthen our portfolio across the continuum of care. 
Our successful innovations, the high quality of our manufacturing, our best-in-class [ field ] force and the diversity of our portfolio has been driving our steady revenue growth over the years. Since we became a public company in 2015, we now have consistently grown revenues faster than the market, and this revenue performance has been achieved while significantly improving our profitability.
We saw our adjusted EBITDA margin increasing from 24% in 2013 to 35% in 2018. In 2018, we delivered our sixth consecutive year of operational revenue growth, 10% overall with organic operational growth of 8%, which excludes the revenue related to our Abaxis acquisition.
In terms of organic revenue drivers, we achieved our strongest growth in our dermatology portfolio vaccines and parasiticides. Meanwhile, our anti-infective and medicated feed additives show more modest growth, and this was because of regulatory changes around the use of antibiotics in animal production.
For the second year in a row, our broad-based of about 300 products and product lines generated operational revenue growth across all our core species and major markets. We expect our 2018 organic growth to once again outperform the market and deliver our valuable position of growing in line with or faster than the animal health end market.
We also increased profitability faster than revenue growth for the full year, growing adjusted net income by 31% on our operational bases, consistent with our valuable position. This improvement was driven by higher revenue, improved cost structure and tax reform.
In 2018, we achieved other important milestones that will support our future growth and success. Apoquel, our largest growth by revenue, achieved $464 million in sales in 2018, an increase of 28% from 2017. We added 2 new blockbusters to our portfolio in 2018, bringing our total number of products with more than $100 million in annual sales to 12.
Our oral parasiticide, Simparica, and our monoclonal antibody for dermatology, Cytopoint, each exceeded $100 million in sales for the first time, with $158 million and $129 million in annual sales, respectively. 
We also introduced critical new life-cycle innovations that keep our portfolio updated and competitive and support the durability of our major global franchises. For example, Fostera Gold PCV MH, our latest swine vaccine, was introduced in the U.S. and Canada to provide greater options and flexibility in protecting pigs from diseases. We also built on this sarolaner compound in Simparica to develop Revolution Plus, a topical parasiticide for cats that was recently approved in the U.S., Japan and Canada. It combines 2 ingredients, sarolaner and selamectin, and it's already marketed in the European Union as a Stronghold Plus. All these new products and the life-cycle innovations demonstrate the excellent return on our investment track in the R&D
We also took important steps to expand our manufacturing net capacity. In the U.S., we launched our production facility for poultry vaccines in Charles City, Iowa. And our expansion in Kalamazoo, Michigan is progressing ahead of schedule, with the first commercial batches of oral solid dose medicine expected to be delivered to customers by the middle of 2019. Outside the U.S., we expect to complete construction of our vaccine manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China by the end of 2019. And we acquired a facility in Tallaght, Ireland to help increase the supply of our market-leading bovine [ sealants ] that help protect cows from mastitis infections.
During the year, we made our largest acquisition to date, purchasing Abaxis for $2 billion in the fast-growing point-of-care diagnostic space. We see diagnostics as an important area to broaden our portfolio, and we have a tremendous growth opportunity ahead, especially in international markets. 
We also acquired Smartbow, where it's a sensor technology and monitoring systems, which will be essential to our expansion in [ proposition] livestock farming and other digital and data analytic solutions that are emerging in animal health.  
And we returned excess capital to our shareholders. In December, we announced a $2 billion multiyear share repurchase program and the increase of our quarterly dividend by 30%.
Looking ahead in 2019, we'll continue investing to generate short and long-term growth. We'll support our key dermatology and our parasiticide products with direct-to-consumer advertising and promotional campaigns through advanced penetration and launches in new markets. 
In the U.S., we'll be launching 2 new products in our companion animal business. Revolution Plus, the topical parasiticide for cats that I mentioned before, has launched this quarter; and pending FDA approval this year, we will expect to launch a new injectable formulation to protect dogs against heartworms for up to 12 months.
In terms of R&D, our pipeline remains very strong, and we expect to see more progress in 2019. Potential filings for new products and continued market expansions of major products like Cytopoint, Simparica and Apoquel, which is expected to launch in China this year.
In 2019, we'll continue our work on new monoclonal antibodies to manage pain in dogs and cats as well as for dermatology in cats. We are making good progress with our research products, and we feel very positive about the potential, this type of agreements, offer for greater compliance, convenience and efficacy for different species. This remains an area to watch as we invest further internally, and we build on our partnership with Regeneron in this space. 
As I have mentioned in previous communications, the application for our new 3-way combination parasiticide composed of Simparica and 2 other active ingredients has been filed in the U.S. and with the European Medicines Agency. And if approved, we still anticipate in coming to market in 2020. Additionally, we'll be investing more in research for diagnostics, devices, digital and data analytics technologies that can be integrated with our core portfolio of medicines and vaccines. Diagnostics for livestock had a promising long-term opportunity and areas such as essential technology, monitoring systems, and all the digital application for animal health will be receiving more investments.
In terms of our deeper commitment to diagnostics, we look forward to a full year of selling a more robust portfolio of point-of-care diagnostic instruments, consumables and test kits. We are seeing a great progress with integration of the legacy of Abaxis that's imposed in the U.S. And outside the U.S., we are building the infrastructure, sales and technical teams needed to support our diagnostic portfolio.
Moving to market variation for 2019. We expect the overall industry to grow approximately 5%, excluding the impact of foreign currency. The swine market, companion animal market and poultry are all expected to be somewhat in line with the market growth. The cattle market growth is expected to be more limited based on the challenging market condition for beef and dairy customers. For Zoetis, we expect to grow faster than the market for companion animal and swine based on our new products and to grow in line with the poultry and the cattle market.
We announced our full year 2019 guidance today, and we are expecting organic operational revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, excluding a 3 percentage point contribution from Abaxis. Operational growth or adjusted net income is expected to be in the range of 8% to 11%. 
In 2019, we are committed to investing net profits to generate short and long-term growth while returning excess capital to shareholders.
In conclusion, our strong performance in 2018 is based on our [ Aversa ] portfolio, our leadership, innovation and customer experience across the entire cycle of care. In 2018, we have invested to support the growth of our core business as well as involving the spaces like diagnostics, devices, digital and data analytics. We expect to build on this strategic approach to our growth in 2019 while delivering on the full year guidance. 
With that, let me hand things over to Glenn, who will provide more details on our 2018 fourth quarter results and full year 2019 guidance.

Thank you, Mike. I will try to cover some of the questions. Also I will ask Glenn to provide some additional details on how we can see the growth -- inline growth in 2019. So I agree that in previous communications, I mentioned that we are expecting the market growth of 5% to 6%. Since then, we have seen that the cattle market, especially in the U.S., in both beef and dairy, has been showing some weakness. And we expect that rather than 5% to 6%, now we're projecting the total market growth of 5%. We still expect that the cattle business [ will rise, ] will be showing growth, but definitely a growth that will be below this 5%. The rest of the species, as I mentioned in my comments, companion animal, and also swines and poultry will be growing inline or slightly above the market. And the only species that we see some market growth below the market will be cattle. Then moving into the details of the organic growth. We -- as part of our guidance, it's 4.5% to 6.5%. And then, if Glenn can provide a little bit more details of how much will be price growth and also volume growth and new products.

So thank you very much, Erin. I will probably start with the comments on the Abaxis integration. Glenn will also provide some details of Abaxis performance, and then I will also talk about SIMPARICA TRIO. In terms of Abaxis integration, things are progressing in line or even in some cases faster than initially planned. In the U.S., both the teams, Abaxis, the latest team in the field force and also our teams are already working together. And as we communicated initially, the Zoetis team is identifying the opportunities, and also helping the other team also to identify customers to complete the sales. They will be also engaged in ensuring that increase the use of consumables, and this will be an opportunity for future growth. We are working, definitely in the future we'll be -- not only the teams that are working together, but also the portfolio will be fully integrated. And this also, it's -- depending in some work that we are doing in terms of the SAP implementation for Abaxis operations. So we plan to do it in 2019. In International markets, we also are progressing extremely well. We have almost completed the hiring process of field force and also technical support, with still some positions that will be completed in the next coming months. But this team is already working together with the field force team of Zoetis generating the demand. In most of the markets, the supply to customers will be still done through third-party distributors. And in 2020, we'll be deciding, do we keep the distribution or we go direct in some of the markets. But definitely our  integration opportunities, our integration plans are progressing extremely well. We are also working on -- continue -- identifying opportunities in terms of R&D. And it is an area that also we are integrating the teams of -- sitting in Kalamazoo, also in Denmark and Union City. Altogether are defining the future portfolio of Zoetis in both companion animal and livestock. Glenn, do you want to give the details of Abaxis performance?

Thank you, Glenn. And then moving to the triple combo. So let me, maybe provide a little bit of context. So when we launched Simparica as a single agent, we were 2 or 3 years behind competitors, NexGard and BRAVECTO. And now with the triple combo, it will be first and second to market. But what we did interestingly, because we reduced this gap of 2 or 3 years, and then we expect that if FDA approval is coming in line with our filings and expectations to introduce this product in 2020. So given we are second to market, we'll be only second with a few months different with the competitor. We see a significant improvement compared to the situation that we have with Simparica. And with Simparica, we have been able to continue growing the patient share. In 2018, we increased patient share from 13.1 at the beginning of the year to 15.6 at the end of the year. So we are confident that with the efficacy and also the safety profiles of Simparica and the future efficacy and safety profile of triple combo, will have the ability to have significant market share. Next question, please?

Starting with the easiest question. Thank you, Louise. It's -- definitely triple combo is expected to be a blockbuster. Definitely, Simparica is already a blockbuster, but we expect also that the triple combo will reach this status. In terms of the rest of the pipeline, definitely, there are programs for livestock. These programs, there are a lot of programs that maybe on aggregate basis will represent a significant growth opportunity. But I will not be surprised these programs, as probably in livestock has a blockbuster potential. But definitely, it will help us, first, to protect the current portfolio; and second, to bring innovation in livestock into the market. In terms of monoclonal antibodies for chronic pain, we expect that this will have the probability of being a blockbuster. And we are convinced that monoclonal antibodies for dogs and cats will represent a significant opportunity for treating dogs and cats in a different way than it is today with NSAID, especially for cats that there is nothing especially developed for these animals in terms of pain. But we also are excited about the opportunity of developing monoclonal antibody for dermatology in cats. Again, it's an opportunity that we expect that will be coming in the next 5 years, and it will be -- strengthen our derm portfolio, also moving to another species with the monoclonal antibody. Next question, please?

Definitely, the U.S. market for cattle has been, in many cases driven by our premium products. While some of our products, they faced competition during the year, especially when the situation of the animal was of lower risk profile. But we also have seen that in risk situation, our premium products are the best products that they need to protect or to treat animals. So we are confident that our premium products also will remain generating growth in the future. In the U.S., definitely, we see the cattle business growing below market and maybe also growing below what we expected 7 months ago. Because we also projected dairy recovering in the second half of 2018. Then we think that it will take even longer to see a recovery on the dairy business.
In the case of beef, I think, will be always cycles, animals moving into the big lot sooner or later, but we don't see a significant change on beef. We're still projecting that beef will be -- slightly increasing the number of animals, only by 1%. But we think that beef will be probably in line with what we expected 7 months ago. We expect that the overall cattle business for Zoetis will be growing in 2019, and maybe growing faster in International markets than in the U.S. And as we said many times, the diversity of our portfolio is in species and geographies. It's helping us to manage these cycles. These are cycles that we been facing forever, and that's one of the things that not only our industry, but also for Zoetis has been very consistent. Even in the face of changes, cycles, regulatory situations, very consistently delivering growth, in line with the market or even higher in the last 6 years of Zoetis as a public independent company. Next question, please?

Then on the Abaxis question. So the focus that we have been in the last [ small sessions ] has been to ensure that all the portfolio -- existing portfolios, were really meeting the needs and the quality that is expected from our customers. And one of the efforts that we have been doing significantly is to make sure that our equipments are connected to the practice management system and that's really helping veterinarians to have a full integration of information from different equipments in the clinics. We have also been working on defining the priorities in terms of R&D focus. And we are progressing very well. In terms of -- you're asking also about new products. Well, definitely, the FLEX4 is working very well. We also are planning to introduce FLEX4 in International markets, including Canada and some other markets. And we will provide a little bit more details on the future launches as we are making progress in terms of defining all the priorities and all the products that will be coming in the next coming years. So next question?

Thank you, Dave. Starting with the question on heartworm. Definitely we have presented to the FDA. All the support of the 100% efficacy in terms of projection -- protection against the heartworm. So what is the process of the FDA, is something that -- that probably we cannot comment. But we are confident that we have submitted all the data to support our efficacy and safety profile. We'll continue working with the FDA. It's a process. It's a process of us submitting different dossiers, information, and also responding to questions. We are confident that the process will be able to introduce the product in 2020. About the question on can we gain share in the U.S.? Well, the answer is yes. And we are convinced now that Zoetis is competing with any competitor in the market on equal or even stronger conditions. In the past, Abaxis was limited in terms of access to customers. And I mentioned that maybe they were meeting or visiting their customers once per quarter compared to the -- our competitors having even more frequency than once a month. Now we have the opportunity to really be in front of customers even more than once a month for customers. And also very important, we have the opportunity also to combine all the diagnostic portfolio with our strong portfolio of vaccines, parasiticides, derm and so on and so forth. And also create a value proposition to the customers that was not available at the time of Abaxis. So I understand that there may be people that need to be convinced, but I hope and we'll be working hard to make them wrong in terms of the assessment that we cannot compete against IDEXX. Next question, please?

Thank you, Chris. Well, on Apoquel and comments for the U.S. and also comments for International. In the U.S., we started the year with patient share of 59% and we ended 63%. We still think that there are opportunities of growing the patient share. Second, we still see opportunities for expanding the market. I will continue expanding the market or helping to expand the market with DTC campaigns. That will be the third year that we are investing to create this market demand. And third, we still see opportunities for pricing. So these 3 elements are probably supporting the growth in the U.S. for Apoquel. Definitely lower growth than what we have seen in previous years. So the product has been in the market now for 4 years, will be 5 years in 2019. So we should expect that there will be some reduction on the growth in the U.S. In International markets, well, the situation is slightly different. And I'm not talking about only Apoquel, I am talking about the full derm portfolio, including Cytopoint. Cytopoint has been introduced in the market recently in some International markets. We expect growth in introduction of Cytopoint. We still expect growth for Apoquel. Definitely in terms of patient share, it's below the patient share that we have achieved in the U.S., and we expect that over time, reaching a similar level of patient share. Although the number of medicalized drugs outside of the U.S. is lower in the U.S. And finally, we expect in 2019 to introduce the product in China. And again, China has been a market that has been surprisingly positive in terms of growth in companion animals. Now if I remember it well, and, Glenn, you can correct me if I am not. So now China, in terms of the companion animals is the second largest after U.S. and maybe some other market, but the second or third, it's in companion animals, growing very fast. And we expect also that Apoquel will be successfully introduced in these markets. Talking about margin expansion, you want to cover this question?

Thank you, Glenn. And maybe adding that to the question on Apoquel or derm, I did mention that one day, we should be also facing competition. It's an area that Zoetis has created. It's not the first time that we are creating the market. We did it for pain and now with derm. But we are convinced that we have developed a significant portfolio in derm, a portfolio, which is showing a high level of efficacy, excellent safety profile. And we'll be also adding in the future monoclonal antibodies for dermatology issues for cats. So we are confident that, we have the opportunity of continue growing. Always we need to consider future competition in this space. Next question, please?

Thank you, Kathy, and -- well, in terms of the sales, big sales for our derm portfolio. So in 2018, we almost reached $600 million, it was $593 million. We are creating growth in 2019. But definitely, we are not now updating in terms of big sales. We know that in the future, we'll have competition in this space. So it's a little bit complicated now what is the full potential? We are convinced that we still have opportunities to continue growing. As I mentioned before, we also expect to add new products to our portfolio, monoclonal antibodies for cats and maybe also working to ensure that we also apply life cycle innovation to Apoquel to protect this franchise. And this can be in terms of formulations, in terms of expansion to all other species, so it's something that we'll continue working on life cycle innovations. And you also asked if we are including any acquisitions for -- in 2019 guidance? And the answer is no. So it's just our current portfolio, including Abaxis portfolio and what we described now as organic growth, including Abaxis -- and that we will continue assessing opportunities in the market. We are convinced that we have the infrastructure, we have the expertise to integrate. And also we have the reach to the customers, and we will continue assessing that opportunities available in the market. And if these opportunities are meeting the criteria of strategic value creation and supported by financials, we think that we have the cash possibility to go and acquire other companies.
And I think with that, we conclude this session. So thank you very much for attending the earnings call. Thank you for your questions. And with that, I -- we close this call. Thank you.