Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your loved ones are all staying healthy and getting vaccinated for COVID-19. 
I'd like to start the call by welcoming our new Chief Financial Officer, Wetteny Joseph, who is joining me on the call today. As the former CFO of Catalent, Wetteny is a veteran of the biopharma industry and very familiar with many of you in the investment community. Wetteny joined us on June 1 and is off to a fast start, learning all about the company and animal health, everything from cattle runs and drought impacts to pet care trends and parasiticide season. I'm confident that Wetteny will make strong contributions to our ongoing market performance, value creation and leadership in animal health. 
I also want to take a moment to thank Glenn David for his partnership and all of his contributions to Zoetis as CFO over the last 5 years. Glenn has taken on a new role overseeing our international operations and other business units, including PHARMAQ, biodevices and Pumpkin Pet Insurance. I know he will bring his signature leadership qualities, business skills and industry knowledge to this role and continue driving profitable growth in these areas. 
Now turning to the second quarter. We achieved strong results once again, with 22% operational growth in revenue and 28% operational growth in adjusted net income. Our companion animal portfolio generated 36% operational revenue growth, driven by our pet care, parasiticides, key dermatology products, vaccines and diagnostics. Meanwhile, livestock product sales were up 3% operationally and remain in line with our expectations for more moderate growth this year. The second quarter results also reflected favorable comparisons to last year's second quarter when the uncertainty of COVID-19 and related lockdowns were most severely felt across the animal health industry.  
We are raising full year guidance for revenue and adjusted net income again this quarter to reflect our first half performance and confidence in the underlying growth drivers of our business. We remain on track for a very strong year and continue to focus on sustaining our investments in long-term growth opportunities.  
With a strong cash flow and positive outlook, we are investing internally and externally in innovative new products, market expansion plans and direct-to-consumer promotions that will support future growth. Our team has been delivering strong growth based on internally developed companion animal parasiticides, led by Simparica, ProHeart and REVOLUTION PLUS franchises.  
We have redefined care for the dermatology category with our development of APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT, and we see more growth potential coming from our monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain, new vector vaccines for poultry and the industry's first cloud-based diagnostic platform with AI capabilities. In terms of our monoclonal antibodies for alleviation of OA pain in dogs and cats, we continue to anticipate U.S. approval for Librela and SOLENSIA in 2022.  
Meanwhile, initial customer response from vets and pet owners in Europe has been excellent, and we recently received approval of SOLENSIA in Canada. I always say with great pride that we have the best field force in the animal health industry, and we will continue to expand their scope, effectiveness and digital tools in ways that can enhance our customers' experience and support our growth objectives.  
We've also seen a positive return on our investment in direct-to-consumer promotions for Simparica, APOQUEL and disease awareness over the years and DTC remains an area of ongoing investment to support our parasiticides and dermatology portfolios. 
And finally, we continue to look externally for business development opportunities that can complement our portfolio and expand our market presence or capabilities. Yesterday, we announced plans to acquire Jurox, a privately held animal health company based in Australia. Expected to close in the first half of 2022, the acquisition will provide us with growth opportunities, manufacturing capacity and increased capabilities in Australia, our fifth largest market, and also bring us a range of companion animal and livestock products primed for global expansion.  
As I wrap up my remarks, our growth story for this year remains very consistent based on 3 recurring catalysts. First, our companion animal portfolio driven by our triple combinations Simparica Trio and other parasiticides, our dermatology treatments, APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT, new monoclonal antibodies for pain, and our VETSCAN diagnostic systems. The entire portfolio is benefiting from strong pet care trends in terms of increasing clinic visits, rising spend per visit and a focus on diagnostics and specialty care, especially among newer and younger generations of pet owners. 
Recent estimates for market growth in companion animal products are in the high single digits, and Zoetis continues to expect to grow faster than the market. We're gaining share in the approximately $5 billion global parasiticide market for pets and we're excited by veterinarian and pet owner responses to our new monoclonal antibodies for pain. 
We also continue to see progress in the early launch of VETSCAN IMAGYST, which leads to our second catalyst for growth, Diagnostics, which posted 38% operational revenue growth in the second quarter and access to vet clinics in the U.S. rebounded from the year ago quarter. 
Our third growth catalyst is International, where we continue to generate strong operational growth driven by China and Brazil, which grew at 30% and 40%, respectively. All our catalysts for growth are buoyed by our priority to champion a healthier and more sustainable future through commitments to our communities, animals and the planet. You can read more about our progress on these ESG goals and our first sustainability report, which was published in June.  
In closing, we had a great second quarter, and we're focused on delivering a record-setting year. The market dynamics in animal health remains strong, steady and resilient even during the challenging times based on people's unbreakable bond with animals. For the remainder of the year, our diverse portfolio, innovative pet care products, strength in diagnostics and expansion in international markets will continue driving our performance. 
Now let me hand things off to Wetteny.

Great. Thanks, Mike. I'll take the first question, and then I'll let Wetteny take the second question on the leverage. Yes, Simparica and Simparica Trio did have a phenomenal quarter. Overall, as Wetteny mentioned, we had 50% growth in parasiticides. But as you look at the quarter for Trio with $139 million, it was incredibly strong. And I would say Trio is and has been outpacing our expectations. In fact, the Simparica franchise in Q2 was the second largest in the flea, tick, heartworm space. So we're very excited. We expect to continue to see this product grow. The market itself, as you know, is of over $5 billion. So we remain super excited. We're doing well both on our penetration of clinics as well as reorders. So we see strong momentum that we think will continue into the second half of the year. 
So I'll let Wetteny take your second question.

I'll take the first question. I'll let Wetteny take the second question on livestock. We have been very excited at the uptick in Librela and what we're seeing and your question about how is it really being used. We've seen really strong efficacy of the product. The feedback we've gotten, the early experience in our first quarter of sales is just really quick efficacy. So they're noticing differences pretty quick. It's improving quality of life, better sociability. So we really think more and more vets are looking at this as a first-line therapy. We do think that there's significant opportunities for Librela to grow the category. 
The dog categories we've talked about before, currently is $400 million, but we believe by bringing this type of innovation to the market supports them globally. But bringing this type of innovation from the safety and efficacy profile, we think we have the ability to potentially double that market if you look at how many dogs there are, how many have OA and how many are treated. So we look at the opportunity to grow this market in a few ways. Certainly, as I talked about getting more animals, getting more days on treatment and better compliance, and then certainly with prices. This product is priced at a premium to those that are already on the market. So Wetteny, do you want to take the second question on livestock?

Yes, we're very confident in the durability of the companion animal trends that you've seen throughout 2020 and 2021. So as you look in the quarter, we saw overall clinic revenues up 14%, and that was equally split between vet visits and spend per visit. And our confidence in the durable trends really have to do with a few things. One, there are more pets. We've talked about that for a number of quarters. The other thing is it's an increase in the standard of care; the expectations of pet owners; greater use -- across the portfolio, greater use of diagnostics; more people home, noticing more about their pets. But the other really important trend that's going to continue to play out is who is adopting a lot more of these pets. And that's a lot of millennials and Gen Z, and they tend to spend more on their pets. They're very engaged in their care. So we see these as durable trends that will continue and will remain a big growth driver for the company over the coming years.

Katie, as we look at diagnostics, it was a very strong quarter with 38% operational growth. Diagnostics, we've talked about, remains a very attractive segment with double-digit growth. And it really is core to the way that, that practice operates. Again, pets cannot tell you exactly how they're feeling. So we continue to see this being a really strong part of our continuum of care strategy. It's critical to the vet practice. 
We did incredibly strong growth, as you saw, in the quarter in International, making significant placements, very strong in the U.S. And we're focused on a few things there. Certainly, it's placements, as we've talked about, where we are seeing good growth there, stronger in the quarter in International than the U.S. but also really driving consumable use. And we think that remains a big opportunity for us versus competition, getting more consumable use in the placements that we have and then really adding on to that, the innovation. So if you look [ Audio Gap ], it has done better than our expectations. We continue to see very strong growth there. Right now, the indication for the VETSCAN IMAGYST is in fecal a large market. It's about $500 million, growing at 7% to 8%. So we see really strong growth there. I don't know, Wetteny, if there's anything you'd add.

Sure. And I can take your second question with regards to the cat market. Yes, we think that would be incremental. It is a little hard to size the cat market today. There's really not much of an OA pain market in the U.S. There is some international products that are approved. But as we talked about doubling the dogs from $400 million to $800 million, [ Audio Gap ], it's a little hard to size the cat market, maybe it's $100 million, we think you can double that as well. So I think that could be a $200 million market, which would make the OA category for us across dogs and cats, potentially a $1 billion market that we can play in. So we think this is a very exciting space for us.

Sure. Thanks, Prasad. I'll take the first question, and I will let Wetteny take the second one. As we look at -- I don't -- I can't get into what our competitors' product sales are. We remain quite excited for what Simparica is doing. We did get the additional label claim that was expected. That was included in the guidance that we had. In the sense of where we're getting some of those sales from, it is an [and]. So we are both growing the market. I think more people are moving back into prescribed products versus some of the over-the-counter, but we're also seeing that we are taking share from many of our competitors as well. So it's an expanding opportunity across both dimensions. Wetteny, do you want to take his other questions?

Do you want to take the increase in guidance question?

Thanks, Chris. I'll start on more strategic drivers and I'll let Wetteny get into some of the specifics here. Livestock really has performed as we expected. As we talked about going into the year with the LOE of DRAXXIN, we did expect a decline in general, as we talked about for the last few years. That's generally 20% to 40% over 2 to 3 years. And as we said, we thought that would be faster. As you look at the quarter, we did see a 19% decline overall in DRAXXIN specifically. And I think that is one of the key factors in the U.S. And as Wetteny mentioned earlier, I think it will continue. 
But if you look at broader livestock, historically, it's a low to mid-single-digit grower. Certainly, as you saw in 2019 with ASF in China in 2020 with COVID, it's been lower than what you've historically seen. We do believe, as we said, that overall, this will trend back to a market growth in the mid-single digits, call it, around the 4% range, maybe 3% to 5%. And then we think Zoetis will be in line with that. It could be slightly lower over the next few years, as you see this year. And really the strategic driver of that is that we have a number -- we have the largest number of products hitting loss of exclusivity. As you look at our guidance, that's why it is baked in. So it wasn't just DRAXXIN. We also, in poultries, you were just referencing, had Zoamix and BMD as well. 
But again, we've got good growth in some of these other species as well. As you look at poultry, ,we're really excited at the growth of vector vaccines. It's $300 million market, growing 13%. We've already launched 2 of them for Newcastle and IBD, and that will be a growing portfolio for us. But I'll let Wetteny get into some of the more specific numbers. But I do think if you look at livestock just more strategically on a higher level, I think it's going to be a lower growth for the companion animal, but we do think it goes back to historical levels. Wetteny, I don't know if you want to build on that?

Sure. We want -- as we mentioned and I mentioned earlier, we do believe we will see approval in the U.S. for both Librela and SOLENSIA in 2022, with Librela most likely in the second half. We have long-term strategies from obviously multiple sites. I don't think the U.S. will be manufactured out of Librela at launch. We certainly are looking at potentially adding sites just given the strength, as I mentioned earlier, of that product. So we have been having ongoing good conversations with regulatory authorities and we remain on track for the guidance we previously provided, which is approval for both those products, with SOLENSIA likely earlier in the year than Librela. But you should not probably expect that we'll be producing out of Lincoln, Nebraska at launch for Librela.

Sure. Thanks, Michael. We continue to see very -- we are at or surpassed all the clinic penetration that we expected for Trio. So we're quite pleased with that. And right now, we're a little more focused on reorder rates, as I mentioned. We think the important trend for us now is I think our penetration is where we would expect it and it's very broad across the U.S. for Trio. And we're really focused on those reorders, which we now have at 80% and continuing to grow those overall reorder rates. 
Direct-to-consumer advertising is critical in this category. It is $5 billion. It is a category that consumers really do go in and ask for brand. We do obviously track our ROI on this. And as you've seen and as Wetteny mentioned earlier, we will continue to invest behind this brand. We have seen incredibly strong ROI in doing so. And that is why you're seeing us step up that. 
As we talked about earlier, it has outpaced our expectations. I think that has everything to do with the innovative nature of the product, but it also has to do with the investment we put behind that in direct-to-consumer advertising and investing with our field force, and we will continue to do that. You should expect this year and next year, certainly, we have a window of opportunity with no competition in the U.S., and we will leverage that opportunity. We still don't know exactly when we'll see competition. At this point, we don't expect any until the second half of 2022 at the earliest as we mentioned, but as long as we do not have competition, we will invest aggressively behind this brand. And even when we do, we will do it as well because we've seen very strong ROI in doing that.

And then on Jurox, do you want to just comment on the BD geographic expansion?

Great. Thank you, everybody, for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping you updated on our business throughout the remainder of the year and continuing to deliver on our results and innovations that you and our customers expect. So thanks so much for joining us today. Stay safe.