Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Today, you will hear commentary on the market dynamics and quarterly results from me and Glenn. I am also pleased to have Kristin Peck, our next CEO, joining us to share some remarks on her appointment and the future of Zoetis. 
As we near the end of the year, let me provide some context around recent market dynamics. The animal health industry in 2019 has been facing a challenging year for swine and cattle, while seeing a very good performance in companion animal and poultry. We have seen a growing appetite in the companion animal market for spending on innovation in pet care. And we, once again, expect to grow much faster than market in companion animal for 2019. Veterinarians are excited by the new products and the life cycle innovations giving them more advanced ways to assist pet owners with skin conditions and parasites. Dermatology treatment continues to be a critical need, and Zoetis has been rewarded for the innovation we have developed in this space with our continued market penetration and the global expansion of our key dermatology products, APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT. We are on track to achieve more than $700 million in sales for 2019. 
In recent years, Zoetis has also been strengthening its position in parasiticides. This year, we added 2 new products to our parasiticide portfolio: Revolution Plus to protect cats against ticks, fleas and internal parasites; and ProHeart 12 a once-yearly injection to prevent heartworm disease in dogs. 
Additionally, we are planning to launch Simparica Trio in European countries and Canada in the first quarter.  In the U.S., we expect the FDA to complete the review of Simparica Trio at the end of the first quarter. If approved, we will launch shortly after. Based on these assumptions, we project to generate incremental global sales of Simparica Trio in 2020 at around $150 million. 
In other areas like pain, alternative to existing treatments for dogs and cats represent a significant opportunity. And in the case of cats, it is largely an unmet need today. We are excited by the potential for our research programs with monoclonal antibodies in this area. 
As I mentioned in the last quarter, we initiated the filing process in the EU and U.S. for a new feline monoclonal antibody candidate to treat osteoarthritis pain in cats. And we recently also initiated the filing process in the EU and U.S. for a canine monoclonal antibody candidate to treat osteoarthritis pain in dogs. If approved, we would anticipate these products coming to market in 2021. 
Meanwhile, African Swine Fever, trade uncertainties and weather conditions affecting mainly U.S. cattle are having a significant negative impact on the livestock market. As a result of this negative impact, we expect the overall animal health end market to grow operationally between 3% to 4% in 2019 compared to 5.6% in 2018. And as noted in our guidance, we expect to outpace the market with operational growth in revenue of 6% to 7%, and this excluding the positive impact of Abaxis. 
Turning now to our third quarter results. We continue our strong performance with 9% operational revenue growth in the third quarter driven by sales of our companion animal and poultry products. Our companion animal portfolio continues leading the way with a 23% operational growth based on strong sales of our parasiticides, our key dermatology products and diagnostic portfolio. Diagnostic revenue from the Abaxis acquisition accounted for 2% of the overall growth. 
In terms of the livestock, we saw an operational decline of 4%. Growth in poultry was 5%, but it was offset by declines in cattle mainly due to lower feedlot placement in the U.S. and the impact of African Swine Fever in China. 
Our third quarter results demonstrate how our diverse portfolio and focus on meaningful innovations are driving our success. These traits remain the foundation of our consistent long-term performance. In the third quarter, we grew our adjusted net income by 10% operationally, and we continue to benefit from increase in revenue, improved gross margins and moderate growth in operating expenses. We remain confident in our latest innovation, future pipeline and core business to support future growth and deliver our 2019 guidance, which Glenn will discuss later. 
As we look ahead, we are making good progress with innovations and investment that will generate our future growth. As I said, we are preparing for the launch of Simparica Trio in European markets and Canada at the beginning of next year, with the product currently in production. 
Other regulatory reviews remain underway in Australia, Brazil and Japan, with further submissions expected in China and Mexico. In the U.S., we have been expanding our field force to better support our growing companion animal portfolio, including diagnostic products and in preparation for the launch of Simparica Trio next year, once approved. 
We also continue to enhance our vaccine portfolios for livestock. In October, Zoetis received USDA approval for Poulvac Procerta HVT-ND, the company's first vector vaccine for poultry. It will help to protect against both Marek's disease and Newcastle disease, highly contagious infections for poultry. The product complements our market-leading innovative vaccine delivery system for poultry producers. And it is the first in what is expected to become an important new rollout of vaccine franchise for Zoetis over the next several years, especially in international markets. 
We are also taking important first steps to address African Swine Fever, having reached a nonexclusive license agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture in late September. This agreement gives us access to 3 patents and materials related to African Swine Fever vaccine strains that will be incorporated into our research. While it could take several years to complete the development and licensing of our vaccine, our work with the USDA and other partners provides a comprehensive approach to addressing this infectious disease. 
In addition to new products approval and life cycle innovations, Zoetis continues to support future growth through business development activities. Last week, we announced the acquisition of Phoenix Lab, a Seattle-based reference laboratory that is highly valued by veterinarians for quality assurance and customer care. This is Zoetis' first entry into the veterinary reference laboratory space, and it is expected to further strengthen our overall diagnostic portfolio, building upon our 2018 purchase of Abaxis, a leading provider of point-of-care diagnostic instruments. We view reference labs as another important part of our comprehensive diagnostic offering, and we plan to build our presence in reference lab over time through organic expansions and other small acquisitions in this space. 
Now I would like to say a few words regarding our leadership transition. As we announced in October, I am retiring at the end of the year. It has been an amazing opportunity to build a company like Zoetis over the last 7 years, and I feel very positive about Zoetis' future. 
Based on our prudent strategy, hard-earned track record of execution, the diverse and innovative portfolio that underlies our success with the customers and the growth investments we are making for the long term, I am confident our talented colleagues and management team, led by our next CEO, Kristin Peck, will continue to capitalize on the many growth opportunities ahead of Zoetis and create significant value for our company, customers and shareholders. 
Kristin has been with the company since the beginning of Zoetis and currently serves as Zoetis' Executive Vice President and Group President of U.S. Operations, Business Development & Strategy. Having worked with Kristin for many years, I know that she's the right leader for Zoetis' next phase of growth and industry leadership. 
She's a strong advocate for our customer needs, a champion of Zoetis' culture and values, and an inspirational and collaborative leader for our people and industry. Her track record of strong performance through her tenure at Zoetis as well as her operational experience, innovative strategies and deep customer knowledge, position her well to drive Zoetis' continued growth. She will build on our long-term strategy, which she helped to develop alongside with the rest of the Zoetis management team, and bring her own vision to leading the next stage of Zoetis' journey. 
I will remain an adviser to Zoetis during the course of 2020. And Kristin and I are already working closely to ensure a smooth transition and maintain the momentum of our business growth. Before Glenn discuss our third quarter results, I have asked Kristin to say a few words. Kristin?

Thank you, Kevin.

So Kristin will answer all these questions. So please, Kristin?

Thank you. Glenn will provide some data related to the penetration rates and also details of the $150 million, how much is cannibalization, how much will be original revenues.

Let me answer the question on Simparica Trio, and then Kristin will cover the trended and also the challenges that we have seen in the U.S. livestock and will also talk about the African Swine Fever. So we expect approval in late first quarter from FDA, and then shortly after, we launch the product in the market. We are taking already the appropriate steps to ensure ample supply of the product as soon as we obtain approval in the U.S. So we don't think that the supply will be a restriction in terms of capturing the opportunities of the high season. That it's mainly in the Q2, following with Q3. We are confident that with all the efforts that we are making now, if the product is approved by FDA, we'll be able to generate a significant opportunity for Simparica Trio in 2020. So moving into the U.S. livestock, Kristin.

We have seen, Jon, changes on the -- how pet owners are getting their products from different channels. We have seen that mainly in the U.S., but also in some other markets there are changes that really are having an impact into the veterinary space. But Kristin will provide much more color on how things are changing in the U.S. How this is affecting the market, affecting manufacturers, affecting the veterinarians. So Kristin, do you want to provide these comments, please?

Thank you, Jon. Well, let me confirm that we have to file both monoclonal antibodies for pain for cats and dogs in EU and the U.S., and we expect a launch in 2021 of these 2 products in the U.S. 
Moving into the African Swine Fever. Well, the assumption that we are making and the comments that we provided today is assuming that there will not be a further spread of African Swine Fever outside of China. We have seen cases in Southeast Asia, Korea, the Philippines, to a lesser extent also in Eastern European markets. But we expect that customers now are improving their biosecurity and they are protecting better against the African Swine Fever. We are not expecting China to continue growing in terms of cases. Maybe an opportunity to slight increase in production in China. And definitely, we see the opportunity in other markets to compensate the gap that we will have in terms of supply of meat into the Chinese population with more importation from Brazil, European Union markets, Spain, Germany and some other markets, Canada and the U.S. And this is something that, in our opinion, will help also to generate growth in livestock in 2020. 
So moving into the third question in terms of gross profit, Glenn, you want to cover that?

Okay. So let me provide some comments on the market size for cats in monoclonal antibodies. So first, there is not any specific product today in the market developed specifically for cats. We know that the number of cats is lower than the number of dogs. And even more, the number of medicalized cats is even lower than the number of medicalized dogs in the U.S. and also worldwide. If I compare the market of dogs in terms of managing pain, it's about $400 million to $500 million worldwide. So with the comments I made in terms of medicalization rates and the number of cats, we need that -- we should expect that the market potential for cats in pain is lower than this $400 million to $500 million. But the advantage is that we will be entering into a space that there is not any clear product addressing the pain in dogs, and we think that we can generate a significant growth opportunities in this area. Then how big is the African Swine Fever market? I don't know if the question is related of how much has been the impact on the African Swine Fever or...

The vaccine. Well, I think it's something that is to be seen because definitely, we see a significant opportunity in China developing this vaccine. But also not only in China that we have already the disease, but also the need to protect African Swine Fever in other markets. We are convinced that this can be one of the top vaccine products worldwide, more than FeLV or even more than PCV2. So the opportunity for developing a vaccine in this area is significant.

Thank you, David. Kristin?

So thank you very much for the 2 questions. So let me answer the duration of the therapy. And answering that in a way that -- one thing is that what should be the duration of the therapy? That -- we believe that it should be in many of the markets at 12 months. And what is the actual duration of therapy? That is probably 3 or less months. So it's a significant opportunity in terms of compliance. And we may see some high season for ticks and fleas depending on the warmer weather. But the need to protect animals goes across the year. And definitely in the case of the heartworm, it's a 12-month need of protecting against this type of disease. And I'd like Kristin to talk about Abaxis expansion plans, both U.S. and International.

Let me make some comments about the process of approval in the U.S. This is something which is part of the normal process of questions and answers. We get some additional request for information from FDA, not related to safety or efficacy. And we already answered these questions. And now we are waiting for the feedback and we expect the final decision on Simparica Trio by late first quarter next year. But that is something that is part of regulatory discussions with many of the regulatory authorities across the world. We said before that we were expecting approval and launch in the first quarter. We have already obtained approval in Europe and Canada, and we are launching at the beginning of the first quarter in these markets. And we'll be ready for launching shortly after approval in the U.S. And as I said, we are already taking the steps to have ample supply to meet market needs in 2020, always based with the assumptions that we provided today of these $150 million additional revenues in -- for Simparica Trio. And then you also asked about approval time in China. This unfortunately is something that, at this point, is difficult to answer. We are preparing the filing in China. And then after the filing, probably we'll get a little bit more clarity on the timing expected to launch in this market. So first, we need to launch Simparica as a single agent in China. And then also CYTOPOINT, that is another important product that we plan also to launch in China. And then later, we'll be launching Simparica Trio. So even if it will take maybe some years, we have products that are coming into the market in China that will generate very positive growth momentum in this market.

So let me start with answering the question about the monoclonal antibodies for dogs. So we have multiple programs in our R&D activity. The product that we are now planning to launch, it's an internal  product for dogs. The one that we are planning to launch for cats is coming from Nexvet. You also asked about the decline in the quarter related to fish. While this -- we have been growing very fast in previous years in fish. This year, we had some challenges related to the PD vaccine in Norway. We expect that it's a temporary adjustment, and we expect fish to continue growing faster than the overall animal health market. The long-term opportunities in fish is related to adding new vaccines to protect all the species different than salmon. Today, we have most of our revenues concentrated in salmon in Norway and Chile, but we expect to continue developing new vaccines to protect animals different than salmon and to reduce the use of antibiotic, which is today the only treatment or the only protection against infections for species like Pangasius or Tilapia or other fish. Definitely, we continue investing in fish, and we are confident that fish will be a growing opportunity in the future.

So let me answer the first question, and then Kristin will cover the second. So where we see that we can improve our market share and becoming a stronger leader or becoming leader. And in this call, we announce that we obtain approval of a new vaccine for poultry, which is related to vector technology. It's an area that we believe that will be a growing opportunity for Zoetis. We are starting with one vaccine, but the objective is to develop a complete set of vector vaccines to cover multiple diseases in poultry. And this will help us also to maximize opportunities with our leadership in Inovoject vaccination, which is the machine that is used in hatchery to protect chicken before hatching. So we are injecting eggs and we see an area where we are less share than the overall share that Zoetis has. The second area, and where we think that we have been improving significantly since the launch of Simparica, followed by the launch of Revolution Plus and ProHeart 12, it's parasiticides. And we expect also with the launch of Simparica Trio to become a much stronger leader in parasiticide than we are today. Kristin?

Thank you very much. And since this will be my last earnings call, I want to thank you, all of you, for the support you have given to me and Zoetis over the last 7 years. 
It has been an amazing journey, and I'm very proud of the value that we have created. I know that you will enjoy the same ongoing commitment to our value proposition from Kristin, Glenn and the rest of our leadership team as they take Zoetis into the next phase of growth. 
In closing, I remain confident in the bright future of Zoetis. This company and its people have the capabilities, experience and customer focus to continue delivering the world-class results for our customers and shareholders. 
Thank you very much.