Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone, to our year-end earnings call for 2021. I am happy to report that Zoetis delivered its strongest performance ever in 2021, thanks to our innovative, diverse and durable portfolio and the talent and commitment of our colleagues.
We grew revenue 15% operationally, which is once again above the anticipated growth rate for the animal health market, and these results were highlighted by 27% operational growth in our companion animal portfolio with 1% operational growth in livestock. Our parasiticide dermatology vaccines, diagnostics and monoclonal antibody therapies all contributed to these strong results driven by the positive trends in pet care, trends that we see continuing to be a key growth driver in 2022 and beyond.
From a segment perspective, we saw solid balance across our global footprint with the U.S. up 14% and international growing 17% operationally. Operationally, for the year, China grew 25%, Brazil grew 28% and other emerging markets grew 22%, leading the way for our international performance.
Another major growth driver for the year has been our global diagnostics portfolio, which grew 21% operationally with significant strength in international markets and the continued launch of VetScan Imagyst, our AI-driven diagnostics platform. Based on the strong revenue performance, we were able to deliver 19% operational growth in adjusted net income for the year while investing significantly in our latest product launches as well as staffing, R&D and manufacturing projects for future growth.
Looking ahead, we believe this momentum sets us up well for 2022. We expect to continue growing revenue faster than the market in the coming year driven by continued strength in pet care, expansion of our diagnostics portfolio internationally as significant growth in both companion animal and livestock product sales for emerging markets, including China and Brazil.
As a result, we are guiding to full year operational growth of 9% to 11% in revenue. Wetteny and I will discuss more details about the full year 2022 guidance. But let me share some views on the year and other updates. First, the essential nature of animal health continues to be affirmed by our performance during the COVID-19 pandemic. We have seen the fundamental drivers such as increased emphasis on pet wellness, a growing global population and continuous consumption of animal-based proteins all reinforce the animal health industry as a positive investment choice.
In terms of the companion animal market, people's commitment to the health and well-being of their pets has continued to drive higher spending and new opportunities for innovation, geographic expansion and increasing levels of care.
Pet owners spending in animal health remains one of the more durable trends in consumer spending as people place a premium on the health and wellbeing of their pets, even during challenging economic times. In January, the Human Animal Bond Research Institute and Zoetis released the results of a new global survey of more than 16,000 pet owners and 1,200 small animal clinics which reinforce how deep the connection is between pets and pet owners and how that dynamic relates to views on veterinary care and the related benefits of pet ownership.
In the study, 92% of respondents said there was no reason they could ever be convinced to give up their pets and 86% said they would pay whatever it takes if their pet needed extensive veterinary care. The strength of the human animal bonds strongly correlated with higher rates of veterinary treatment for both preventative care and specific conditions in their pets. This study and other research support our focus on advancing an innovative pipeline for pain, dermatology and parasiticide for pets, and we continue to invest in our field force, direct-to-consumer marketing and manufacturing capacity to bring these products to market.
Moving on to the livestock industry. The need for safe and reliable sources of animal protein continues to be a fundamental growth driver for the industry, particularly in emerging markets. In any given year, weather, disease and market dynamics may have various regional impacts, but the underlying demand continues to be served locally or through global trade across more than 100 markets where Zoetis products are sold.
We've continued to see Zoetis' livestock business show modest growth during the pandemic and recent economic challenges based on our strength internationally. We see that international growth continuing this year while we continue to see declines in the U.S. driven primarily by generic competition in certain product lines. Our competitive strategies in pricing and new life cycle innovations will help us mitigate some of that impact.
Livestock products are a key element of our global strategy and long-term growth, and we've continued to expand our vaccine product lines like Poulvac Procerta for poultry and ALPHA JECT micro for fish as well as DRAXXIN KP as a treatment for cattle. We're also exploring more livestock innovations around greater efficiency, precision animal health and more sustainable food production. We've been focusing on our investments in vaccines for prevention and maintaining healthy animals, data analytics for more individualized animal care and research into other sustainability improvements around immunotherapies.
I was particularly excited by 2 recently announced additions to our precision animal health portfolio, Performance Ranch, a new cloud-based cow-calf management software this simplified tracking of individual animal performance and health product usage and our new BLOCKYARD platform, which is blockchain technology developed in cooperation with IBM to provide a secure way to share information across different segments of the animal production supply chain.
For Zoetis, we continue to stay focused on our 5 strategic priorities for the long term, and we are optimistic about the growth drivers we see for 2022. Pet care will remain a major growth driver for Zoetis globally based on our diverse and innovative portfolio. We see continued growth potential for our dermatology portfolio which surpassed $1 billion in revenue for the first time in 2021.
Our parasiticide, driven by our triple combination,  Simparica Trio as well as Revolution Plus, Stronghold Plus, Simparica and ProHeart 12 will continue to achieve growth as we gain market share in major markets and look at further life cycle innovations and label gains across the portfolio.
LIBRELA and SOLENSIA are monoclonal antibodies for control of osteoarthritis pain in dogs and cats will continue to increase their revenue in 2022 primarily in the EU, and we're making regulatory progress for these products in the U.S. We received FDA approval for SOLENSIA in January with the launch expected in the second half of the year, and we still anticipate approval of LIBRELA in the second half of the year, assuming FDA inspections are completed at a facility outside the U.S. As we begin 2022, we are seeing strong demand in the EU for LIBRELA and SOLENSIA and we remain confident in the blockbuster potential for LIBRELA in 2022 and SOLENSIA in the longer term.
We continue to optimize our global supply chain and manage ongoing challenges, which have been creating isolated constraints for LIBRELA, SOLENSIA and some of our other products. As always, maintaining a consistent reliable supply for our customers is our top priority, and we've been communicating with them about any impact to their orders. We want to ensure all pets can continue their treatments without interruption especially for chronic treatment of OA pain.
Our global manufacturing network is working around the clock to ensure reliable supply for our customers as they did throughout 2021, and our full year guidance and strong growth reflects our views on supply. Diagnostics is our next major growth driver in 2022 with a fully integrated point-of-care business that is prime for strong growth internationally, along with the expansion plans for a relatively new reference lab operations.
We are making significant progress in one of the fastest-growing markets for animal health. We're adding more dedicated field force and customer service resources while developing more offerings that will leverage our portfolio across the continuum of care. And finally, we see significant growth opportunities in emerging markets, including China and Brazil, where we see excellent opportunities for both our companion animal and livestock products based on increased medicalization and other positive trends.
Meanwhile, our R&D team, along with external partners, will continue to generate the industry's most productive pipeline in the years to come with more than $500 million in R&D spending in 2021 our largest ever annual investment for R&D. We continue progressing research to address allergies, livestock health, chronic pain and inflammation, chronic kidney disease and diagnostics through our vaccines, therapeutics and digital technology platforms.
In conclusion, I want to thank our colleagues for delivering another terrific year and for always bringing the value of Zoetis to our customers every day. Zoetis remains well positioned in terms of our market leadership, financial strength, investment strategies and diverse portfolio to deliver sustainable growth to investors in 2022 and beyond. Now let me hand things off to Wetteny.

Thanks, Louise. Good to hear from you. We are quite excited with regards to our pipeline. And I really think it is the innovative nature of Zoetis that has made us so successful. As you look at the pipeline, we're excited about a number of areas, both across pet care and livestock. In pet care, continuing to innovate in the parasiticide space, it's a $5 billion market. I think we can continue to bring innovation there. Certainly growing our osteoarthritis monoclonal antibodies for pain, LIBRELA, SOLENSIA continuing to innovate in the derm space. You saw us add Apoquel chewable in Europe, for example, there.
Also leveraging that whole platform of monoclonal antibodies for other indications, we think is a big opportunity. Really excited on diagnostics, the ability to continue to bring really disruptive innovation there. Certainly, our Imagyst platform and some of the new indications there is a great example. We also think taking a lot of our products and growing them in emerging markets will be valuable.
And as you move into the livestock space, we're excited about vector vaccines and poultry, vaccines in cattle and in swine and then really investing as well in our precision livestock farming and genetics portfolio. You probably saw we launched 2 new products there over the last few weeks. So we think there's significant innovation across both pet care and livestock and believe we have strong platforms in R&D for growth, investing over $500 million in R&D.

Sure. Sure. Thanks, Nathan. We are very excited at the trends we're seeing in LIBRELA in Europe. For starters, it is now the #1 selling OA pain product in Europe, which is pretty incredible given it wasn't even a full year in Europe. And what's really exciting about that is we're seeing 40% of the prescriptions of pets that are new to the category. So I think for a lot of pet owners who are worried about safety or efficacy of the previous portfolios, they really see this as really a game changer. And the people who have been on it, we've seen a 90% reorder rate from clinics and very high compliance. So once they're on it, really staying with it, which gives us great confidence as we look into 2022 that we can get LIBRELA to be a blockbuster product.
To your question about does that assume a U.S. launch, it definitively does not assume a U.S. launch. We would not -- with an approval late in the year, we would not be able to launch LIBRELA in 2022. So that would hit blockbuster status just outside of the U.S.
And as you look at some of the supply challenges, the inputs to LIBRELA are the same inputs as you would make a human COVID vaccine. So we've been really thoughtful about where we launch and making sure we do market by market, ensure we can supply. We had that challenges intermittently just having to do with the fact that the inputs are the same. So I think our supply chain team has done a phenomenal job. I mean, as a matter of fact, we're already the #1 selling in OA pain, but we are really thoughtful about where we're launching. A lot of those are getting addressed. The capacity and a lot of those component parts in human health have increased. So we become more confident every quarter we can do that. But that is what was driving some of the short-term intermittent supply challenges we had in Europe. But I think if you look at our obvious guidance for this year, we can clearly see if we're going to hit $100 million that we're pretty confident we can address those.

Thanks, Erin. Yes, if you look at the monoclonal antibody platform, we do see this very much as a platform for growth with LIBRELA and SOLENSIA being the second and third. As you know, we also have Cytopoint. We are the only one with any monoclonal antibodies approved right now. So I do think we have a good head start. We do see this similar to what you see in human health with application across a number of diseases. So we have not been terribly public about that pipeline. I think we've talked about a few such as chronic kidney disease, et cetera. But obviously, in our world, our pipelines are not public, but we are very excited. We have invested in building significant capacity across monoclonal antibodies both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. in multiple facilities just given our excitement on the fact that this is a really important space.
We do have a number of partnerships with human health companies and even some small animal health companies in this space. So we're really excited at the pipeline and believe we can continue to launch new products, new mAbs over time. And I will let Wetteny take the diagnostic question.

Sure. I'll start with your second question on just LIBRELA, SOLENSIA and international. They are solid. Look, we're really focused on increasing the medicalization and the adoption of new technologies outside the U.S. I think it's been a key focus for Glenn David since he's moved into the international group. I mean as you know, there's a very similar number of animals in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And to your point, historically, the revenue splits have been quite different. But we're really looking at, especially in categories right now where we are the only product out there, derm is one, but even monoclonal OA pain, really thinking of unbranded, really seeing we can raise the standard of care, it's a key focus for us as well on the diagnostics space, how we increase medicalization outside the U.S.
I think it will evolve over time. And I'm not sure when it gets to the equal number of animals. But really why we feel we have a lot of optimism international, if you think about some of the emerging markets, where they're adopting new technologies, and that curve is quite different. So if you look at the increase in China, Brazil, across a number of emerging markets, they're really moving up that curve much, much more quickly. And we also see our belief that we can continue to do that in some of the key categories. And to your point on your first question, we continue to see growth potential in derm. We do not expect a competitor in 2022 in derm. Again, I don't have any data, but you always ask me, why do I believe that? I mean, based on just what I know today, we could obviously be wrong.
So we're going to invest aggressively as we have been doing in direct-to-consumer. We still believe there are 6 million untreated dogs in the U.S. alone who have itch and don't have treatment. And if you saw the growth that we delivered in 2021 across derm with 24% growth and already at over $1 billion, we still see growth in derm. Certainly in paras, we're going to aggressively grow that portfolio through direct-to-consumer advertising amongst other things in 2022 to make sure we have the highest share as we enter. I think the brand equity there has been really strong. So we continue to see significant opportunities as well in paras.
So -- and I think you also can add in emerging markets across all these continuing to do really well. So as we look at growth, obviously, growth will be led, as you referenced by our companion animal business in 2022. And  I think what's important is there's not one key platform that's driving that. It is multiple. It is derm, it is paras, it is diagnostics, it's MAbs, it's emerging markets. So we do think we have a range of platforms to continue to grow in 2022 and beyond.

Sure. As we talk about the pipeline, certainly oncology is in there. We don't get very specific with regards to that. I don't believe we've ever said anything specific with regards to oncology historically. It's certainly an area we're looking at, but I would say some of the other focus areas we talked about, we used to think in the near term will likely drive more value.
As you look at LIBRELA, how the outlook changed. I mean we think that taking a $400 million market that's been established for a long time in doubling it is pretty aggressive. We are -- we probably have more conviction in our ability to do that is what I would say just based on the first 2 full quarters that we've launched the product outside the U.S. So more confidence there and more confidence as well that we can take what is almost like a nonexistent market in the cat for SOLENSIA and make that a $200 million.
So I'm not sure we're willing to say above that. I think doubling a market as a pretty aggressive time line -- pretty aggressive there. But I do think our commitment and our conviction and our ability to do that and do it faster, certainly, I would say, is strong.

Sure. The one thing we've done with SOLENSIA was a learning from Cytopoint. And certainly, as you bring new technologies and create new markets, it starts with really with your KOLs. So our plan, as you probably saw in 2021, which was first start with early experience with some of the key opinion leaders in each of the markets to get them experience, to get them talking for general practitioners to be able to call them and sort of hear their experiences seeing videos. As you think about, you raised a really good point, you've seen with regards to pet owners.
We're also trying to provide tools for pet owners to be able to know when their cat is in pain. Cats do a great job of hiding it. So that's really been a focus on videos to show them what it looks like, so they can sort of notice it, doing a big awareness campaign there and then helping vets understand how to make it easier for people to either bring their cats in or there's some now cat-only clinics or the ability to have vets go out and do injections or have technicians go out and do injections.
We are not focused right now on having monoclonal antibodies being able to be done by consumers at their house. This is a pretty advanced technology. Our focus is really on helping to raise awareness, increase the medicalization and make treating these cats easier either at the clinic or at home. There's really no reason, for example, technician, once the vet has seen it can't do the monthly injection at home. So we're just seeing really positive, but it takes a thoughtful creation of the market. And as I talked about before, that would be our plan in the U.S. as well. We will start with early experience, get that -- get the KOLs talking, get things able to be seeing multiple cats. And that really helps us, once we get into GPs, ensure that they're using it and they know how to do it successfully. So that is our plan as we think about it.

Sure. Thanks, Elliot. I'll take the first, and I will let Wetteny take your second one on some of the specific international markets. As we talk about livestock, first of all, it has been hit much harder with COVID than the pet care space. Obviously pet care has actually been a beneficiary of COVID. And it's, by its nature, a cyclical industry. So it can go up and go down.
Ultimately, we believe as you look at sort of once we get past the DRAXXIN and some of the other big product LOEs, it will go back to mid-single-digit growth. But if you double-click that a little ways, obviously, the biggest challenge for us specifically has been cattle, and that's really been led by DRAXXIN, which overall last year declined by 15%, which was in line with our expectations. We expect in 2022 to have a 20% decline as we had a full year with generic competition there. But there's a lot of bright spots as you look at different species to your point. You look at fish, they grew 23% in 2021. We see that as a fast-growing species with really positive fundamentals. We think poultry, which grew last year 6%, maybe a little bit more challenged, obviously, in the U.S. with some of the generic competition there. But we're really excited about some of the innovative things we're launching there. We saw swine last year at 4%.
So livestock is not one, as you know, and it obviously varies by market. And I think it's important to sort of note as you look at international, it was growing in livestock significantly last year. So if you really pull out the DRAXXIN effect. As we look at livestock, we do believe it will go back to, for us and for the industry, mid-single digits. For us, we've just got to get out of some of these near-term LOEs. We're also excited about our pipeline there, which we think, again, can drive incremental growth above the market as we launch innovation into that sector. So I don't know, Wetteny, you want to take some of the specifics on the international markets, emerging markets, Brazil, China.

Thanks so much. I'll start with the vet staffing. They're sort of short term and long term. We did see some vets having challenges in the U.S. in December and January, given absenteeism with COVID, and that was sort of short term.
So as you look at vet trends overall in the U.S., we continue to see those to be strong with 8% revenue growth led by a 3% increase in traffic and spend per visit at 5. Double clicking on that traffic 3%, we think, again, it will get back to sort of what our more normal trends. There has been a challenge, as you mentioned, given there's so many more pets being seen, making sure that the staffing levels at both the vet and the technician side remain strong. We're really focused on partnering with both the AVMA and the AAVMC in the U.S. and honestly, around the globe to ensure there's a reliable supply of vets and vet technicians.
But importantly as well, to make sure that the veterinary profession and vet clinics remain really attractive jobs, and so it's really partnering with different organizations to make sure that, that is the case. I would say everyone is aligned here. I think you're seeing significant increases in compensation for many of these vets. We firmly believe that they're doing the right things to make sure that they can provide the great customer care and pet care that they need to. But obviously, it's something that we're highly invested in partnering across the industry to make sure that pets get the care that they need and the staffing levels remain high. It is a challenge given the very quick growth in the number of pets that were adopted over the last 2 years. So the challenge is there, but we're really confident that in partnership with many other companies, pharmaceutical companies as well as vet clinics and associations, we can ensure that the vets and the vet technicians can meet that need.
Do you want to -- there's a question on Trio label extensions in the future. I don't think we've been specific about what we're looking at there and we wouldn't just for competitive reasons.

Sure. So with regards to SOLENSIA, yes, we are focused when we think about the [indiscernible] ensure that we start with early experience we build that market, and we will obviously launch shortly thereafter. But we're not concerned there on a supply issue. The plans that we have assume supply for exactly what we're planning on doing. So that is not what's driving that one.
And derm in 2022, we continue to expect robust growth obviously with -- right now, as we talked about, we are not expecting competition next year, of course, we could be wrong, but we are not. And therefore, we will invest aggressively, not just in the U.S. but outside the U.S. That does not, to your question, assume that we have Apoquel chewable in the U.S. and nor does that number that we're talking about in derm assume that we're having it for cat. So we really believe with Apoquel, Cytopoint, Apoquel chewable outside the U.S., we can continue to drive robust growth in 2022 across the category.

Great. Look, thank you, everyone, for your questions and your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, I am really proud of what Zoetis delivered in 2021, having our best year ever. And we see that positive momentum really continuing into 2022. As you think you heard today from both Wetteny and myself, we will continue to build on our diverse global portfolio and really our strength in pet care, diagnostics and emerging markets to grow faster than the market in 2022 and beyond. And we're committed to the investments in talent, technology, manufacturing and innovation that will spur our future growth. So thanks so much, everybody, and talk to you soon.