Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I hope you and your loved ones remain safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect all of our professional and personal lives. 
On the call today, we will provide additional context around the impact of COVID-19 is having on our business, summarize the quarterly financial results, update you on our outlook and leave plenty of time to address your questions. 
In the second quarter, we delivered better-than-expected results given uncertainty around the COVID-19 pandemic. And I want to thank all of our Zoetis colleagues who have shown amazing resiliency, customer focus and perseverance throughout the year in a response to these challenging times. 
In terms of numbers, our revenue grew 4% operationally, with the U.S. segment up 6% and International up 3%. Our companion animal products continue to drive our business performance, with 13% operational growth, while livestock products declined 5%. 
Our adjusted net income increased 4% operationally in the second quarter. We have built a very strong companion animal portfolio over the last several years based on our internal innovation. And these products helped offset some of the deeper market challenges in the livestock market today. 
Our recently launched parasiticides, Simparica Trio, ProHeart 12 and Revolution Plus as well as our key dermatology portfolio of Apoquel and Cytopoint, provide a solid foundation that has continued to perform well this year. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new triple-combination parasiticide for dogs, Simparica Trio as well as the strength of the overall Simparica franchise. Glenn will share more details in his remarks. 
Our continued focus on meaningful innovation and the diversity of our portfolio across species, products and geographies remain core advantages for Zoetis during times of economic uncertainty. And we've also seen the essential nature of animal health playing an important role in the resiliency of our business and our industry at this time. 
In terms of COVID-19, our veterinary and producer customers are under increased pressure to deliver critical animal care and maintain a reliable global food supply, and we are fortunate to be able to support them in this mission. 
We continue to put the safety of our colleagues and customers first during this pandemic, and we've been very pleased with our team's ability to maintain productivity, even with safety and social distancing adjustments at our facilities as well as the ongoing use of remote work arrangements for the majority of our colleagues. Our field force has returned to meeting with customers in many geographies based on local guidance and practices. We monitor and adapt these plans on a daily basis based on local feedback and adjustments in markets that may be experiencing increased COVID-19 cases. Our teams are excited to be back out with our customers, but we're also preserving the lessons we have learned from effective online interactions, webinars and e-commerce to evolve our sales and support. 
In terms of supply chain, Zoetis has maintained a reliable inventory of critical medicines, vaccines and diagnostics to our customers and distributors in more than 100 markets around the world. And our research development programs remain on track in terms of filings, clinical trials and interactions with regulatory agencies. We remain confident in the progress of regulatory reviews of our monoclonal antibody candidates for pain in cats and dogs. Our submissions are proceeding as expected. This year continues to be uncharted territory due to COVID-19 and the related trends affecting our customers. However, the underlying demand for healthy pets and a reliable source of protein remains fundamental to the global economy. 
In the second quarter, we benefited from the veterinary clinics in the U.S. recovering much more quickly from the COVID-19 impact than we anticipated. Veterinary practices in the U.S. adapted quickly to curbside visits and mobile clinics to deliver critical care and maintain relationships with their customers. We also saw an acceleration of companion animal product sales through e-commerce channels as a result of the lockdowns in many states. Veterinarians and pet owners are adapting more quickly to these online options as a way to fill prescriptions for parasiticides and other medicines. 
We also know people are spending more time at home with their pets. They may be observing conditions such as itchiness or pain, which have previously gone unnoticed. And so we are actually seeing an increase in spend per visit in U.S. clinics. 
Meanwhile, outside the U.S., companion animal veterinary clinic performance has been in line with expectations despite wide market-by-market variations based on local dynamics. For Zoetis, we expect our overall revenue growth for the remainder of the year to be driven largely by companion animal products, especially our parasiticides and key dermatology portfolio. We plan to continue investing in direct-to-consumer advertising and digital marketing to support these products. 
Livestock is a very different picture and remains very challenged by the pandemic, especially in the U.S. Producers are adjusting to new market demands and distribution needs from foodservice and restaurant channels to more grocery and retail channels, while also managing ongoing labor, safety and trade issues. As expected, U.S. livestock in the second quarter saw a significant downturn as we expect that to remain a challenge for the rest of the year. The pace of return to more foodservice and restaurant demand, along with increased export opportunities, will be the most significant factors in the recovery of livestock producers in the U.S.
Internationally, livestock grew and performed in line with expectations across a diverse set of markets. We saw very positive results in places like China, where they're further along in their COVID-19 recovery, but we will be sensitive to see how Latin America and markets like Brazil perform in the remainder of the year due to COVID. 
As we look ahead, we remain focused on advancing our 5 key priorities to ensure our long-term success, driving innovative growth, enhancing customer experience, leading in digital and data analytics, cultivating a high-performing organization and championing a healthier, more sustainable future. We've continued to make important investments in products and innovations across the continuum of care from prediction and prevention to detection and treatment of disease, supporting successful launches as well as new life cycle innovations and expansions of major products into new markets continue to be the cornerstones of our durable and steady performance. 
In the second quarter, we expanded major vaccine franchises with the approval of our Vanguard B Oral for dogs in Brazil and our Fostera Gold PCV MH and Fostera Gold PCVMetastim for vaccines for pigs in Australia. We also continue to strengthen our diagnostic and digital capabilities, building on recent acquisitions in point-of-care and reference labs, along with additional investments. We plan to launch a new diagnostic platform for pet care in the third quarter called VetScan Imagyst. 
We are very excited about the potential for this disruptive innovation, which will be the first system to bring clinical pathology right to the point of care. This new multipurpose platform uses a combination of image recognition technology, algorithms and cloud-based artificial intelligence to deliver rapid testing results to the clinic. Its first indication will be for testing fecal samples for parasites, making it quick and easy to test and treat pets in the same visit. We'll have more to say in the coming weeks as we prepare for a global launch. 
We also view diagnostics as playing an important role in the continuum of care for fish. In the second quarter, we acquired Fish Vet Group to add more diagnostic tools to our aquaculture portfolio, including environmental testing, which is critical to fish farming. 
Finally, at Zoetis, our key priority around high-performing teams is tied to creating a culture where all colleagues feel valued and included and is reflected in our commitment to promoting inclusion, diversity and equity across our organization. Our leadership and Board are dedicated to being a force for positive change across the globe to drive greater equity and inclusion. And we have dedicated financial and people resources to do so. As part of this plan, we have made commitments to publish our diversity statistics and to increase our representation of black colleagues and people of color overall in the U.S. 
As the world leader in animal health, we are committed to demonstrating our leadership on this important business and social issue. 
Now let me hand off to Glenn, who will speak more about our second quarter results and updated guidance for the full year. Glenn?

Okay. Jon, with regards to your question on competitive response to Trio. It's been the response that we largely expected. Obviously, this is an innovative product. They were very aware it was coming. They're obviously running promotions. You probably saw some stock-ins as we probably saw as you move from Q1 to Q2, but we're really not seeing anything that we weren't expecting overall.
And to address your other question with regards to Imagyst, it's a completely separate product. It is actually a scanner and a microscope that then uploads to the cloud for analysis. So it is completely separate than VetScan. And it's a platform. And the first product, as we mentioned, will be around fecal but it is not a replacement at all of the VetScan machine. It's a separate one that is both a scanner and a microscope.

Sure. Thanks, Jon. A few things on that. I think the 2 big trends you're seeing in U.S. livestock and I say you have to look at livestock. 60% of our livestock business is actually outside the U.S. And it grew at 4%. So again, this speaks to the diversity of our portfolio. But if you look at the sort of global trends you're talking about with regards to the movement from eating out to eating in, we do expect that to continue. And the guidance we've given for the rest of the year is that, that largely doesn't change too dramatically. It's obviously too early to tell in 2021 how that ultimately adjusts. 
The second factor to consider in the livestock overall is the packing plants, which have been an issue in the U.S. Packing plant capacity in the U.S. still looks to be about 95% to 97%. And in some businesses, that may be good, but that does continue to back up animals. But again, this is mostly a U.S. trend, although we have seen a few isolated issues outside of the U.S. and Europe, Australia and some other markets. But again, I think what producers are doing are doing their best to actually alter where they can the flow of animals. This is much easier for poultry to do, given they only have to make decisions on 45 days. Pigs can do it over 6 months. So I think you will see a slight reduction in the U.S. in pork. It is much harder for cattle producers. Most of the animals are already here. So we do see cattle probably continuing to struggle probably through the first half of next year.
But I think the third factor besides the dine in, dine out and packing plants to consider is actually the export market. What has really helped maintain a lot of the U.S. livestock flows has been the export market, with the largest player there clearly being China. And given ASF, they are still in need of a tremendous amount of pork. So those are the 3 factors that we're considering that gives us confidence that, to your question, in the short to medium term, in general, livestock has grown around 5%. Obviously, it's been a little lower in the last few years. And I think, again, International was 4%. We were negative in the U.S. We do think in the medium term, it goes back to normal levels, but we do think livestock will continue to be challenged certainly this year and likely at least to the first half of next year. Thanks, Jon.

Sure. And to take the second half of your question, Mike, on Imagyst, we will be launching the U.S. and a few markets outside of the U.S. as we move into the end of Q3 to Q4. And there are consumables, but the consumable -- the consumables, obviously, reagents there, but there's also a read. So obviously, with every test that's done, the read that's done in the cloud is also a fee. So there are both -- some products you use to prepare the specimen. But there's also -- more importantly, the read of each test in the cloud. So it's a consumable, I suppose, but it's almost like a different way of looking at it, which is a cost per read. I hope that answers it. Thanks, Mike.

Sure. So we'll start with your question with regard to African Swine Fever in China. What we've been seeing in China overall is that the larger, more sophisticated integrated producers are starting to rebuild their herd. As you saw, very strong growth in our China business of 24%. What you're seeing underlying this is the beginning of the rebuild of these herds. This is more isolated to sophisticated producers who can ensure biosecurity. 
Because to be clear, there's still African Swine Fever present in China. So I think what you're seeing is some of the smaller backyard producers are not rebuilding there, but we are seeing some of the more sophisticated ones doing so. And that is a positive trend for us because they would be more likely to use our products overall. But if you look at African Swine Fever, we are still predicting that China will have to continue to import pork, a significant amount for the next few years. So this rebuild is slow because, as I said, there is still African Swine Fever in China and a few isolated markets as well outside of China. So I suppose, if you look at that, for China, it will continue to be a tailwind for us, continuing to drive the China business as that herd rebuilds. 
And with regard to your second question on livestock and whether we're -- some people are switching to lower-cost alternatives. Historically, that has been the case. So people will trade down. What's slightly different is that this is a pandemic with a recession. And I say that because, as long as there's more protein than people need, the price goes down. So hamburger meat right now is actually still pretty cheap. 
So historically, we would see in a recession, people trade down from beef to pork to chicken's egg. So we think that's still a longer-term trend. But with the disruption right now and the overcapacity, you are still seeing some other proteins still in certain markets on a relative basis not be that expensive. So I think it's -- I would say your overall hypothesis over the medium to long term is true, although in certain markets, given overcapacity, the difference in price is not as dramatic as it normally is.

Sure. Thanks, Louise. I mean I think similar to all businesses, we are -- we've had to adjust the way we operate, and I've been incredibly impressed as the resilience of our colleagues and our customers and their creativity. So the first trend is we've obviously moved a lot more to doing virtual seminars or webinars to handling orders and things like that by phone. Our customers have adopted to more telemedicine in certain markets around the world. And if you look at more broadly in the U.S. and in certain markets outside the U.S. to e-commerce. So that is, obviously, for us, it's supporting our producers, our veterinarians and pet owners to make sure they can access our products wherever they need. But I think some of the skills that our field force is now learning will be one that will help us in the future, obviously reduce some of the travel that some of them had to do. But our field force across the world, where businesses are allowing, are actually back seeing customers. Now it's not as many customers as they saw before in a day, and that has to be both a customer and a colleague feeling comfortable in a given market. But it also has to flex, obviously, given some of the flare-ups in the U.S. geographically and across the world, a lot more flexibility there. So I think it's both our customers getting creative and flexible and our field force and some of our capabilities overall as a company to be able to meet our customers where they are. So I think I'm quite impressed at how our colleagues and our customers have adapted.

Sure, sure. So I'll start, David, with your first question on the derm portfolio. We were obviously quite pleased with this performance in the quarter, growing 24%. This is now obviously a blockbuster product as well as category. And to your point, we have expected competition for a while given the attractiveness of the sector.
At this point in time, we have very little intelligence, as you know, in our industry with regards to competitive launches. But based on what we know today, we are not expecting a competitive launch in the rest of 2020 and likely the first half of 2021. Obviously, that's always subject to change since we don't know exactly what our competitors are doing, but we continue to believe that we will have competition in the space. But we, at this point, do not believe it's in the next 6 to 12 months. So our focus right now in our derm portfolio is building those brands as big as we can. And as you saw in the quarter, our focus on direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. to continue to grow our share and to build the market itself.
So your second question with regards to the platform, the Imagyst platform, what we're saying is it's the first -- fecal will be the first. Obviously, it could look at lots of others. I mean that's still a product that is still in our research and development to look at other types such as, obviously, blood and other types. But those are not things we are prepared at this point to discuss. But obviously, the platform lends itself to be able to do multiple different tissue types. Thanks so much.

Sure. Thanks, Balaji. For starters on the combination of Elanco and Bayer. As we said previously, we don't really see this as changing the competitive landscape in any dramatic way. We've competed against both of them many times before. Obviously, the acquisition of Bayer by Elanco will increase their business in the OTC space, where we, honestly, don't really operate. We do in the direct-to-consumer side, but not in the over-the-counter. So it's not a space that's important to us, especially with our focus on the veterinarian, where that's more of a retail market there. So we don't foresee that changing it. They've both have been well-capitalized competitors historically. So we don't see that as a major change.
With regards to digital and data analytics, I think it's an and, it's both. It is both a revenue driver, as we announced today, with Imagyst certainly looking at products that drive revenues such as platforms such as that. We've also spoken about precision livestock farming. So there's a numbers of ways in both companion animal and livestock, that this continues to help us drive revenue in -- but it's also an area where we can also be much more efficient, better targeting our customers, looking at new ways through e-commerce and other channels. We've done some quite exciting things. In China, for example, launching our own Revolution pets there and leveraging different tools in digital and data to just also make us more efficient, so to drive revenue and just increase our efficiency. So I think it's both.

Thanks, Nathan. So as we look at Trio, we started shipping to distribution in late March and launched the product in April right at probably the height of the pandemic, at least in the U.S. What we've seen to date is that, that -- it was more difficult for clinics to take on new products. That's often something that requires an in-person meeting, training of staff, et cetera. So we saw a slight -- versus what we expected, fewer penetration of clinics.
But what we've been incredibly pleased about, and it's why we've given the guidance of $100 million to $125 million is that for the -- we've been quite successful in corporate accounts, ones that we engaged quite early on this, larger clinics. And the ones we penetrated, our share in those clinics has grown faster than we expected. So I think that's been a positive. So again, we're continuing to grow our penetration of clinics, but we're quite pleased with the share. And what we're also pleased about is it has less of an impact certainly in cannibalizing Simparica, which has been great. 
So we've certainly taken share from others. But our data also suggests we're also getting new people back to the category of oral parasiticides, which we think is pretty exciting there. So I think whether this will be a typical season, if you look at some of the data with regards to vet visits, Q2 year-over-year, they're still down, I think, about 3%, but it's a significant improvement from the negative 20 to negative 30 you saw in the U.S. in the beginning of the quarter.
But what's really interesting and what might affect your question there is that the spend per visit, however, is up dramatically. So latest data, I will say, it's maybe up about 7%. We do think that's going to moderate over time. This is probably people buying more of the products so they don't have to return to the vet in case there's something. So we do expect that to moderate some in the coming quarters, but that might mean that people may, versus the normal historical 6 months, 6 or so, 6 or 7 months of buying a parasiticide, maybe they bought more. So we'll see how that goes, but we are expecting that to moderate. So I think, overall, we're looking for continued positive trends in companion animal, but I think it will be dependent geography by geography.

Sure. Thanks, Gregg. When we entered the space, it was really about assisting the pet owner and getting the care and increasing access to care and supporting the vets and providing the best care they can. And oftentimes, one of the challenges there is the sort of unexpected expense, so our focus really has been in this to get a product that's more attractive to the consumer. So to your point, the U.S. versus the rest of the world is underpenetrated in pet insurance. But we think the primary reason there is not because of employers or anything other than we think some of the products have not been as attractive to pet owners. So we really felt that the way we launched this, the focus on the pet owner, would be attractive. 
We are pleased with our performance to date of our product with regards to Pumpkin, which is our pet insurance. As we look at that, what's going to drive that and what's feedback, we did get some feedback from veterinarians and they had concerns with regards to the inclusion of parasiticide. So we did change the -- that program a little bit to look -- focus more on diagnostics. And this is part of continuing to launch a new product, and we iterate with our customers, both the pet owners and vets, to make it as attractive as we can. 
This is still a very, very small business relative to the rest of our business, to be perfectly honest with you. It's not totally material, but we are very pleased with how the company has been doing to date and most specifically in the number of new policies they continue to attract. And our goal is that we can make insurance grow the overall market, which is not hard to do since in the U.S., I think it's only 2% to 3% versus other markets outside the U.S.

Sure. I'll start with the first question on the monoclonal antibodies, and I'll let Glenn take the second question with regards to the alternative channels. Obviously, we don't have an approved product. So it's hard to say exactly how it would stack up. But the focus on monoclonal antibodies is really a focus on a product with strong efficacy, with a strong safety profile and these are large markets, for example, in the canine space. We think that sort of have gotten really comfortable with monoclonal antibodies, as is evidenced by our performance on Cytopoint. 
It really also addresses the strong compliance issue, which is you remember to give the product to your dog every day. But I would say, if you think about the feline or the cat monoclonal antibodies, there really aren't any products out there today in the cat space. So we think this is quite innovative in the cat monoclonal antibody space with really very little existing products that cat owners or vets can use. So we're quite excited. But until we have a profile, it will be hard to say very specifically. But certainly, from a compliance and safety perspective and efficacy, we think these will be very strong products that we think both vet and pet owners will be quite excited about. So Glenn, do you want to take the second question?

Okay. Well, thanks, everybody. I want to thank you for your questions and for your continued interest in Zoetis. While there's still many uncertainties around the impact and the resolution of COVID-19, the fundamental strength of our business and industry, we believe, are proven and unchanged. And we remain very confident what Zoetis can achieve this year based on the diversity of our portfolio, the resiliency of our business and certainly the spirit of our colleagues. So thanks for joining us today.