Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter earnings call. We delivered strong results again this quarter with 10% operational growth in both revenue and adjusted net income, driven by our innovative portfolio of pet care parasiticides and dermatology products. 
Our U.S. business grew revenue 7% operationally, while International grew revenue 14% operationally. In terms of species, our companion animal portfolio generated 19% operational revenue growth in the quarter with great performance in markets around the world. Our latest innovation in parasiticides, the triple combination Simparica Trio is increasing its global adoption. Our groundbreaking dermatology products, Apoquel and Cytopoint, continue to redefine and expand the category. And we completed the first full quarter of sales for both of our new monoclonal antibody therapies for osteoarthritis pain in dogs and cats, Librela and Solensia. 
These new products are exceeding expectations and receiving very positive feedback from veterinarians and pet owners in European markets where they've been launched. When you add all of this to our growth in diagnostics for companion animals, I see our business continuing to capitalize on the positive demographics for pets. Increased spending on pet wellness and treatment will be sustainable well beyond the pandemic and our portfolio and pipeline have us well-positioned to continue leading and innovating in this market. 
Livestock product sales continue to present a more complex picture for the industry and Zoetis, with market dynamics varying widely by species and geographies. As we expected, our livestock portfolio declined 2% operationally in the third quarter, largely due to generic competition across cattle, poultry and swine, and most significantly in the U.S. We have taken proactive strategies to protect these product lines including the introduction of a life cycle innovation like Draxxin KP, but pricing pressure remains due to the increasing effects of generic competition. 
On the positive side, we saw 7% operational growth for Livestock and International as markets like Brazil, Chile and other emerging markets performed well. Our long-term advantage in livestock continues to be our diverse portfolio and strength across geographies and product categories like medicines, vaccines and medicated feed additives. We also continue to invest in R&D programs that align with our customers' long-term needs for more efficient and sustainable production methods, which can be built on new therapies, analytics and digital solutions. 
We remain on track for a record-setting year with updated guidance for operational revenue growth in the range of 14% to 14.5% and adjusted net income growth in the range of 16.5% to 18% for 2021. Our major catalysts for growth have performed well this year and have more runway ahead for 2022 and beyond and we're going to make the right investments and continue successfully executing our growth strategies. Our strength in pet care has an incredibly strong foundation across parasiticides, dermatology and vaccines. Through the first 9 months of 2021, our companion animal portfolio has grown 29% operationally. 
We also remain very excited about the long-term blockbuster potential of our new monoclonal antibody franchises in pain, Librela and Solensia, as they grow in Europe, and we made progress on approvals in the U.S. We currently expect approval of Solensia in the U.S. in the first half of 2022 with Librela remaining more likely in the second half. Our revenue growth in international markets has been 20% operationally through the first 9 months, driven by China, Brazil and other emerging markets. We continue to expect growth to come across both our companion animal and livestock portfolios in these markets. 
Finally, our diagnostics portfolio remains a key catalyst for growth with 28% operational growth through the first 9 months. We are gaining significant traction with our expansion of the point-of-care portfolio in markets outside the U.S. We always believe international expansion was one of the biggest value drivers for the Abaxis acquisition once we combine that portfolio with a global Zoetis footprint. 
The acceleration of international growth for diagnostics is a very positive sign and continues gaining momentum. We also recently added digital cytology testing to our VetScan Imagyst platform in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. This means we can now offer a network of expert remote pathologists in addition to artificial intelligence technology for fecal testing. We are seeing our strongest early adoption of VetScan Imagyst in Germany, Australia, Spain and the U.K., and we will continue developing additional applications for the platform over time. 
In addition to our ongoing investments in R&D programs and direct-to-consumer campaigns, we are investing in manufacturing capacity to meet increasing demands for our new parasiticide products and monoclonal antibody therapies. Expansions are underway at our sites in Kalamazoo, Michigan, Lincoln, Nebraska and Tullamore, Ireland. All of these are significant multiyear projects to ensure we have ongoing reliable supply while maintaining a diverse global network of third-party contract manufacturers that give us the greatest flexibility and redundancy. 
Our supply chain team has done an excellent job over the last 2 years to optimize inventory levels of key products while minimizing the impact of a challenging global supply landscape. We continue to carefully monitor and manage our supply chain and inventories. 
And finally, before I hand things off to Wetteny, I wanted to note our recent news about changes in our R&D leadership team. Longtime R&D leader, Cathy Knupp, will be retiring at the end of the year and ensuring a smooth transition through February. I am very grateful to Cathy for building the most innovative and productive R&D organization in the animal health industry and for leaving us with a rich pipeline of future innovations and R&D talent, which includes her successor, Rob Holzer. 
Rob has been with Zoetis since 2015, working on many of the innovations that have come to market recently in parasiticides and monoclonal antibodies. He has experience running our global therapeutics and biologics R&D organization and is the right leader for the future of innovation at Zoetis. 
In closing, I want to thank our colleagues for delivering another great quarter and bringing the value of Zoetis to our customers every day. We are confident in the updated guidance we have provided and see the fundamental growth drivers of our business continuing into 2022 and beyond. Now let me hand things over to Wetteny.

And the only thing I would add there is, as we said, this is completely in line with our expectations not just that we gave this year, but that we've been talking about when the generic enters, we generally said it takes somewhere between 20% to 40% over a number of years. We said at the beginning of this year that, that would likely be a little faster, and we are on track to be doing that. We expect probably somewhere around a 20% hit on price for us on this product in the year. So in line with the expectations, Mike.

Thanks, Louise. We are really excited for a number of the growth drivers that we saw this year, which we really think will continue into next year. I think our strength in parasiticides, our strength in derm, I mean, that will be $1 billion this year, growing at 26% in the quarter. Diagnostics, again, year-to-date, 28%, we think continues into next year. Really strong performance in our emerging markets, China, Brazil and other emerging, which I think will continue into next year, not to mention our pain monoclonal antibody. So I think we have a lot of the growth drivers this year that we think will continue into next year. I mean obviously, things we're going to watch for next year, there could be headwinds for us. It could be the timing of competition for a potential product against Apoquel or Simparica Trio. 
As Wetteny mentioned in his remarks, we're not really expecting that until the second half of 2022. Again, we don't have great visibility into that. Obviously, we think livestock, once we lap some of this DRAXXIN impact, that will lessen as a real headwind for us. But overall, we really think that durable growth drivers you saw this year really continue into next year, and we're pretty confident about that.

Sure. I'll take the first part of the question, and I will let Wetteny take the second half, John. Livestock is a complex [indiscernible] And so not just the difference between U.S. and international, but the difference between the species. So as you rightly mentioned, the U.S. was down significantly in livestock, and that's pretty much generic competition against DRAXXIN, Zoamix and some other products that we mentioned before. But to your point, international was up 7%. And that was still a really rough time in China, as you saw in the quarter, with China livestock down about 10%, but more than made up for by China's companion animal. And really, it has to do with the mix between species that are growing quite quickly for us like fish, cattle and poultry may be struggling, but you look at strong growth in emerging markets, which is what's really booing livestock. .
And as we've said in previous quarters, how U.S. livestock goes not mean how overall livestock goes. So I think we -- really -- the diversity of our portfolio across species, across geographies, continues to really be one of the strengths for us at least. And we do think, overall, you'll see a flat to low single-digit growth overall across the company for us in livestock. That may be a little bit slower than the market, as we said, because of DRAXXIN and some of the key LOEs that we have. And ultimately, once we lap some of those LOEs, we think if you go back in '23, '24 to a mid-single digit exactly where we've always been. 
So the historic growth of livestock is around 4%. And as we said, we think it absolutely returns there. And what's the reason to believe, well, if we're growing international in the quarter at 7% and really the U.S. is mostly getting hit by the generics, once we lap those, we do believe you can get back to a livestock growth in the sort of mid-single digits is the way it historically has been. But I'll let Wetteny take your second question.

And I'll take the second half of your question, Erin, with regards to U.S. companion animal trends. We don't have the monthly data, but just putting some of this in context, we believe that as we look at the data overall right now, we're seeing overall pet clinic revenue growing 7%, which, as you know, is higher than the historical rate. It's been a little bumpy over the year. I mean, the weather and lots of different dynamics have been driving it. You saw 8% in Q1, 14% in Q2, we're seeing 7%. The way we sort of see this is we think it overall will be higher than historical norms. I mean, is the double digit that you saw consistently in 2020? No. But I don't think -- we saw very weak, as you saw in Q1, and there's a huge bounce back in the second half as we saw last year. 
We do think that vet revenue and vet clinic will continue to grow above historical rates. We're not really sure, as I said last quarter that we think that's going to be double digit, but historically grew 5% to 6%. Is it going to be 7% to 8%. I think our view is it will still be stronger than normal, but maybe not in the double digits overall. But I mean, still seeing strength. If you -- any one of you who's been trying to get an appointment for your dog or your cat at the vet, it's pretty challenging to get one. So mostly because the demand really does remain high there.

Sure. Thanks, Chris. Yes, I mean, our derm portfolio has continued to grow. And I think what we've really discovered is there's still a large number of untreated animals out there. So if you look at -- we still believe there are 7 million dogs that are diagnosed with some form of itchiness that are still not being treated. So we do believe there's significant market growth. There's still geographic expansion. We've really invested heavily in direct-to-consumer advertising to grow this market. People are home more with their pets, they're spending more time. So I think people are really starting to notice this itch is bothering them more maybe than it did historically. So they are seeking help. 
We've also really invested in programs such as, in the U.S., our PetCare Rewards program, which is making customers loyal to our product. So we have been expecting competition. To be frank, we probably thought it would have happened before now. But we think there's lots of room to continue to grow in this market. And so will it remain at 26%, if you saw in the quarter? Our growth might go down a little bit, but I still think this will be a growing market for us just given the large number of untreated dogs in the U.S. and around the globe.

Yes. The only thing that I could add to that is we obviously have launched Apoquel there. It is doing well. It is growing -- this is a specialty product in a market that's traditionally been mostly a primary care generalist market. So we are really excited to grow that. And I think we have a very strong pipeline of products coming into China, new innovations that we're going to be bringing in, just like we brought in Apoquel, the approval right now of Cytopoint, which has not yet launched there. And honestly, lots of products behind that, that we're really excited to be launching in China. 
So it is our second largest market. We do think it's going to continue to have very strong growth. As Wetteny said, with our year-to-date at 35%, we're really bullish on our ability to continue to grow in China.

Sure. I can start there. We are really pleased with Librela. Yes, we are seeing animals return. I don't have the specific number of days that they're coming back. We can certainly look into that and see if we can get that data for you. It is priced at a premium to both RIMADYL as well as to Galliprant on the market. So given it has a phenomenal both safety and efficacy profile, it has been priced at a premium. The price obviously varies from market to market. So I don't think we have that overall information. With regard to the second part of your answer on Solensia, cat is a quite different market. So although today, the market in dogs is $400 million, and we believe we can double it, the market is actually pretty hard to size in cat. There's very few approved products out there today to treat cats. So it's hard to even say what it is. I mean it's not 0, but it may be tens of millions. It's certainly not hundreds of millions of dollars. 
And cats are less medicalized than dogs. So you really have to first medicalize those cats. You have to be able to -- cats like to hide their pain. So you also have to find a way that pet owners can notice pain in cats better and identify it and bring them to the vet. So the reason we said it's a smaller market is the number of cats that are medicalized are just smaller and then the number that are actually treated is really small. So the first thing is you need to be able to identify in cats with pet owners, convince them to take their cat to the vet and build the market from scratch. I mean, cat owners when they used to call the vet when their cat was suffering from pain from osteoarthritis were told there really wasn't anything. There's no product in the U.S., for example, whatsoever. 
So it's really about really retraining pet owners that there is a product that can meet their cat needs and helping vets really bring the cat in to the vet. I mean a lot of pet owners don't like putting their cats in crates to bring them to the vet as you probably know. But we're very confident that we have a strong pipeline for cat that will increasingly medicalize cats over time and help build this market. But as we said, just given the number of medicalized cats, it will be a smaller market than the dog space, and it will likely take a little longer to build it.

Sure. I'll start with your question with regards to the investigation and then Wetteny can take the second half of your question on companion animal. The EC inspection pertains to Zoetis' decision to discontinue the clinical development of a single experimental drug candidate. Look, we're working with the EC to ensure it has all the necessary information that it needs, and we are confident that we can align the concerns which prompted the investigation. So I think your second part of the question was on companion animal trends. Of the 7%, which was broken out between 3% on traffic and 4% of spend per visit, but I don't know, Wetteny, if you've got any comments on that.

Sure. I wish we knew exactly. I mean, we have the same theories that you do that there could be certain technical reasons for some competitors. And let me be clear, everyone is working in the space. This is -- parasiticide is the largest single market in animal health at $5 billion. So I think if you're pretty much any of the large companies we compete with, they're all trying to come up with their own triple combination. So I don't know that it's the same thing that's holding each of the companies back. I mean we were not really clear. It definitely could be regulatory. It could be technical. It could be manufacturing, CMC -- we're not exactly clear. 
And to your point, there's really very few public companies who actually disclose much about their pipeline. So our ability to know where people are is quite limited. We just -- and we always -- I know it's a little [indiscernible] we keep pushing it out sort of like 6 to 12 months or whenever you ask the question because if we haven't seen it and we haven't heard it in corporate accounts as they're negotiating with us, we think it's definitely another -- every quarter with another 3-plus months out. And that's really where some of our thought comes from.
And yes, we are confident that even if you'll see -- look, we are planning on competition in these key products. But I think the strength and diversity of our pipeline globally that makes us confident we can continue to grow above market. I mean we've got diagnostics. We've got pain meds. We still think they're going to be growing in derm, to be honest with you. It's still a lot of unmet medical need. So yes, we remain confident that we can grow above the market even as we do start to face competition in some of these key franchises.

Sure. Draxxin KP was part of our defense strategy. I don't think it's going to restart growth for us necessarily in the market as we're seeing generic competition, but it is as Wetteny outlined in his remarks in the beginning of this call, it helped us retain our share. It provides incremental innovation and incremental benefit to our customers and a reason, obviously, to stay with us. Yes, we have had in the U.S. two competitors so far. We've heard up to three more are potentially coming. I don't know why they happen. We would have expected them this year. So their approval at whether or not they actually enter the market. We're not really -- we're not sure when and if on that, but we would assume we probably have a few more entering.

Great. Look, thank you, everyone, for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, I think we delivered another strong quarter of results, driven by our diverse global portfolio and strength in pet care, parasiticide and dermatology products. We are raising our guidance for the full year 2021, and we remain on track for a record-setting year for us, and we're continuing to invest in the areas to support our long-term growth. and we remain confident in the fundamental growth drivers for Animal Health and for Zoetis into 2022 and beyond. So thanks so much for joining us today. Have a great day.