Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I will start today by describing some of the dynamics in the animal health industry that are on investors' minds. First is the positive trend for spending on innovation in companion animal medicines and treatment. Pet owners' spend in the U.S. continue to rise in terms of revenue per visit and number of patient visits. And we also see positive trends for pet care in the rest of the world. Pet owners are willing to spend their income on medicines, vaccines and other treatment to ensure a longer and better quality of life for their pets. We believe Zoetis is well positioned to continue its success in the companion animal space as our portfolio of dermatology products, parasiticides and vaccines continue to drive our growth.
Second, we see economic pressures and other challenges continuing to impact dairy and cattle producers in the U.S. We still, however, expect to see the U.S. cattle and dairy market growing for the full year, driven by a strong domestic demand for beef, an increasingly optimistic outlook for beef and dairy exports and a modest improvement in milk prices. 
Finally, African Swine Fever has made headlines about significant concerns for the pork market. It is impacting producers in China, with some reports saying that as many as 150 million to 200 million pigs or up to 30% of their annual pork supply could be lost into the outbreak. For context, that is more than the U.S. annual pork production. 
This situation has far-reaching implications for the global pork supply chains. The reduction in supply in China is making the pigs more valuable, creating opportunities for greater export from other countries and increasing consumption of other proteins. The situation will evolve through the year, and we are monitoring any effects on the overall market and our business, which saw an impact in the first quarter. 
These type of outbreaks, unfortunately, are part of doing business in animal health. This year, we are facing issues with African Swine Fever. A few years ago, we dealt with PEDV with avian flu and before, with bluetongue disease. These challenges are why Zoetis has built a diverse portfolio of best in class products across all relevant species and geographies, to both address opportunities and to manage through economic cycle, disease outbreaks and unfavorable weather conditions. 
We communicated in February that we expected the overall industry to grow approximately 5% for the year, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Now because of African Swine Fever, we expect the animal health industry to have a lower growth rate in 2019, and we'll continue to assess the broader impacts of African Swine Fever as the year progresses.
Despite some of these temporary challenges, we are maintaining our guidance for operational revenue growth. Excluding Abaxis, 4.5% to 6.5% for the full year, which we expect to be faster than the growth of the animal health market. 
Turning now to our first quarter results. We are off to a solid start for the year, with 11% operational revenue growth being driven by our companion animal business. Revenue from the Abaxis acquisition accounted for  5 percentage points of the overall 11% growth. Our sales in companion animal products are once again leading the way, with a 27% operational growth, based on the addition of sales from Abaxis, as well as our parasiticides and key dermatology portfolio. Our livestock product sales declined 3% operationally due to challenge in certain cattle and swine markets. 
For the first quarter, we grew our adjusted net income by 18% operationally and adjusted diluted EPS by 19%, as we benefited from a strong revenue growth and a significant increase in gross margin due to pricing, a favorable product mix and cost improvements. Glenn will provide more details on our first quarter performance in his remarks. 
Our results once again confirm the importance and value of a growth and innovative portfolio in the animal health industry, and we remain confident in our performance and outlook for the full year.
Looking ahead, we continue to invest in advancing our pipeline, ensuring successful market launches of new products and furthering the integration of Abaxis this year. Since our last quarterly earnings announcement, we have seen key companion animal products, including the Cytopoint and Simparica for dogs, and the Revolution Plus for cats continue to gain approvals in markets outside the U.S. Our Core EQ Innovator, the first-and-only combination vaccine to offer protection against 5 core equine diseases, was also approved in Canada. And last week, Zoetis received approval for Apoquel in China, one of Zoetis' largest companion animal markets, and we expect to launch the product there within the next 2 months. 
On the livestock side, we launched Clarifide Plus for Jersey cattle in the U.S. This is first genomic test for this breed that provides a direct indication about the genetic risk factor for 7 of the most common and costly adult cow diseases. 
In terms of our R&D pipeline, we still anticipate launching this year a new injectable parasiticide formulation to protect dogs against heartworm for up to 12 months, pending FDA approval. 
Our new 3-way combination parasiticide, composed of Simparica and 2 other active ingredients, still in regulatory review in the U.S. and with the European Medicines Agency. Reviews are also underway in Canada and Brazil, with further submission expected in Japan, China and Australia this year. If approved, we anticipate this product coming to market in 2020. 
We also continue working on new monoclonal antibodies to manage pain in dogs and cats and dermatology for cats. Those programs are progressing, and we'll keep investors informed of future filings in this area. We feel very positive about the benefits these treatments can provide to greater compliance, convenience and efficacy for different species.
In the case of other research for livestock, I would point to our programs in vector vaccine technology for our poultry research into promising new classes of antibiotics, and our ongoing investment in diagnostics, genetics, devices, digital and data analytics and technologies that can be used in application precision livestock farming. Additionally, we have vaccine products to address current and future emerging diseases, which has been a growth driver for our industry in the past. 
We also maintain a comprehensive portfolio of approximately 300 product lines for Zoetis. And we invest significantly each year on life cycle innovation that keep those products competitive and growing. 
Finally, we are making good progress on the integration of Abaxis. We remain positive on the point-of-care diagnostic end market. Given its strong global growth prospects, as well as the critical role these diagnostics play in the vet clinic. We are excited about the strength of the Abaxis portfolio and the way our field force is already presenting it to customers around the world. Our U.S. field force has been working to drive greater growth through new lead generation for diagnostics. 
International markets have nearly completed staffing and training of our expanding diagnostic team, implemented a new customer service model across this market, and view this as a greenfield opportunity for future growth. 
We are pleased with our progress to date and we continue to view 2019 as an important year for the integration and platform setting, enhancing certain products and customer experiences, and developing more comprehensive customer solutions that leverage our new diagnostic assets. 
In closing, our first quarter results once again demonstrate the stability and the diverse strength of our portfolio in a dynamic animal health industry. We are executing on our strategies for growth across the continuum of care, with new products and solutions that help our customers predict, prevent, detect and treat diseases in animals, while navigating the evolving trends in animal health. And we are investing and making important progress in key areas, such as dermatology, parasiticides, diagnostic, digital and data analytics, where we see both near- and long-term growth opportunities.
Thank you for joining us today. And I will now hand the call over to Glenn. Glenn?

Erin, to answer the question on Abaxis, and let me start saying that we are pleased with the progress that we are making with the integration of Abaxis. The team in the U.S. is already working together, maybe not fully integrating the 2 portfolios, because we mentioned that for this full integration, we need also to work with the integration of SAP. And related to the implementation of SAP for Abaxis, we have decided to move the implementation from August, September to February, because we want our IT team to focus on working on the connectivity of all the equipment of diagnostics. We think that this connectivity that we expect to finalize by the year -- by the end of the year will help us really to have a much more support to diagnostics and offer full integration or full connectivity of the diagnostic equipment to the practice management system. We're also pleased with the progress that we are making in international markets. We have now almost completed all the hiring process for reps and also for technical support. We have also set the customer service that would help in the area to provide the support to diagnostic customers. So in general, we are progressing very well. We continue -- very excited about the quality of the portfolio of Abaxis, and we are very confident that Abaxis will represent a significant growth opportunity, especially from 2020. Now we see 2020 -- 2019 as a year in where we are integrating, we are fixing some of the things that we have identified from the previous Abaxis model and we are very confident that the projections that we have for this portfolio will be very positive. 
In terms of the international livestock. Let me provide a comment on Brazil, and then I will ask Glenn to go into more details on what we expect for the rest of the year in the total livestock performance. And in Brazil, we see that the market continue growing very fast. It's a very strong growth and for Zoetis. So the growth in companion animal is above market growth. So we are growing very fast. In cattle, we decided to change some of our commercial policies, including prices. And we saw, as expected, some negative reaction from distribution. This has an impact in the first quarter for Brazil, especially in cattle, but we are convinced that these changes will help us to generate better future growth and improve the profitability of our cattle operations in Brazil. So we remain very convinced that Brazil will be a growth driver for Zoetis, and we are investing to support this growth. And Glenn, do you mind to provide more details on international livestock?

Well, as we said that in the first quarter, we faced 2 impacts in terms of the temporary weakness in the livestock. One was the cattle business in the U.S. was affected by different factors. I'm talking about the market. The market declined. We saw that the movement of animals to feedlots was below expectations, in many cases, driven by weather conditions, but we are optimistic about the cattle business in the U.S. moving forward. The demand for beef is positive, and also the exports are increasing. Additionally, we expect also in the second half of the year a small increase on the price of the milk. Also, that will help the total cattle business in the U.S. As many times we mentioned, I think it's difficult to analyze our business in a quarterly basis. There are fluctuations based on buying patterns and promotional activities, weather conditions, that maybe it's important to understand the business on a yearly basis. We remain confident that the livestock market will be growing at the end of the year. What we are expecting is that the poultry will be growing in line or slightly ahead of the market. In terms of swine, we expect growing lower than the market and mainly because of the African Swine Fever, that we expect that having a temporary impact, but maybe from a third, fourth quarter and definitely in 2020, we expect a significant recovery, because many markets outside of China will expand their production. That will generate significant growth. And finally, the cattle, we also expect for the year overall growing. We expect growing in the U.S. We also expect growing in International markets, but growing below expected market growth.

Kevin, we see the product portfolio is still showing opportunities for growth. We see opportunities for growing the parasiticides now with Revolution Plus. We still see that Simparica continues gaining momentum in the U.S. and also international markets. Apoquel, Cytopoint are growing and we expect to continue growing. We expect to continue growing in the U.S. and also expect to continue growing in international markets. And now we have the addition of Apoquel in China, that also will support this growth. We're also very confident that this growth is steady and for the long term because, as we said, the current portfolio continue growing. But we expect also to introduce Simparica or a combination of products, that 3-way product in 2020. But also we expect to continue generating growth. In the future, we are not, at this point, providing any details of when we expect monoclonal antibodies to be in the market. But definitely, we see opportunities in feline with pain. We see opportunities also in feline with dermatology, again, with monoclonal antibodies and also with the monoclonal antibodies in dogs for pain. And we are very confident that the R&D machine will continue bringing innovation into the market in companion animals, but also in livestock. We have programs for both companion animals and livestock that will support the growth in 2020, 2021, also 2022. So we are very confident that we have a pipeline that will maintain growth that will be in line or faster than the market. And Glenn will respond to the question on G&A.

Mike, I will maybe make a general comment on the African Swine Fever. Then Glenn will go to the details of your questions. So first, the African Swine Fever definitely is having a significant impact in China, and we also have an impact in our results. We mentioned that probably up to 30% of pigs will be lost, 150  million to 200 million. And as a reference, in the U.S., the production is 120 million per year. But it's also true that in China, the market share of multinational companies is only 10%. 90% is products that are sold by local companies. We definitely see a significant issue in China, mainly for the producers in China. But also we see that the other countries, the U.S., Brazil, European markets will increase significantly the production of pork to meet all the demands of the Chinese consumers, that definitely for a significant period of time, there will be seen a shortfall of producing in China. And since outside of China, we have a significant market share in the swine, in the medium and long term, we see that as an opportunity to generate growth in swine and also maybe an impact in poultry, and to a minor extent, also to beef. Because in the end, the consumption of animal proteins in China will remain, and export markets will supply a product to meet the demand in the markets. And then Glenn will go to the details of the impact on African Swine Fever in the quarter and also the Japan agribusiness and also the U.S. impact of the buying patterns.

John, and we are progressing well with discussions with the FDA. We have completed out all the sections of the filing, and it's just now the normal process of question and answers. We are confident that the dossier, it's strong and it will be approved by the FDA. But it's always something that is not depending on us, but on the regulators. But one of the challenges that we discussed in the past is that we needed to demonstrate 100% efficacy on heartworm. We have provided this data, and we are confident that the product will be approved and ready to be launched in 2020. And well, definitely, we try to learn from previous challenge or issues or mistakes. And definitely, in the case of the 3-way problem, we secure enough active ingredients to be ready to launch the product as soon as the product is approved. So we are not expecting any challenge in terms of supplying the market or the demand.

David, Glenn will cover these 3 questions.

In terms of penetration for dermatology portfolio, I think it's about in terms of patient about 59%. And it's something that probably -- or 63%, sorry, it's the total patient share, which is very strong. And we still see opportunity there, first, to continue expanding the market. And we will be starting now in the second quarter campaign, and direct to consumer campaign with 2 objectives. One, it's expanding the market; and also second, it's set to continue building brand equity for Apoquel. We see also that these investments are also having a positive impact on Cytopoint. We expect dermatology portfolio to continue growing. We expect also to grow faster in international markets than in the U.S. But in the U.S., we still see positive momentum. And how much is the preference for Cytopoint or Apoquel? In that respect, I think we leave veterinarians to decide what is the best for their patient, the pets. And we are not trying to promote Apoquel in favor of Cytopoint and Cytopoint in favor of Apoquel. They are covering all the spectrum of needs in terms of treating dermatology issues, itching in dogs. And that we see that there is some cannibalization, but also Cytopoint has been growing the market and helping us to increase this franchise.

Kathy, so let's go back to the African Swine Fever and the potential impact. We mentioned that we expect that up to 30% of pigs can be lost because of the African Swine Fever in China. So if we translate this 30% to our revenues in, so we can also estimate that it will be about 30% of our revenues, although we expect a little bit lower impact because of maybe sophisticated farms are less affected by the African Swine Fever than the production of small farms. We expect that it will be an immediate impact in terms of the value of the pigs. As a reference, in the last quarter or in the fourth quarter of 2018, producers in the U.S. they were losing $20 per pig. Now they are making $30 profit per pig. So the value of the pigs has increased significantly. And then the willingness to spend to keep these pigs healthy and productive also will increase. So we expect that this will be a positive impact -- an immediate positive impact. Then we expect also that the farmers or the producers in U.S., Brazil, European Union, will increase production. The cycle of the production is 6 months. But probably, we'll need to wait 6 months to see some impact, because there will still -- it will increase the production. And even if it takes 6 months from birth to slaughter, I think we can start using products at an earlier stage of the animal. So we expect the third and fourth quarter of this year having a positive impact in the swine business in Brazil, U.S. and U.S. market. And moving into the details of Apoquel break out. Glenn, do you mind answering that and also probably those for the projections in China and providing some context?

First, starting with the combination product for parasiticides. Well, the adoption, I think we expect that the adoption would be fast and also will depend if we are #3, #2 or #1 in the market. But definitely, we see a need for the market to combine internal and parasiticides mainly in dogs. And we are confident that will be a significant opportunity to generate growth in 2020, 2021 and also 2022, because we think that, that this product will have a long run and definitely, the opportunity to generate our growth in companion animals. And Glenn will talk about the U.S. companion animal growth in the quarter and the trends for the future.

Probably we saw some challenge with the distribution in Brazil, but not in the U.S. In Brazil, I mentioned that we have these changes in commercial policies that reduced sales to the distribution during the quarter. But as I mentioned, we expect that this will support more quality growth in the future. But no changes in the distribution in the U.S. So Glenn do you want to add comments here?

So I will ask Glenn to answer your question on poultry, and then I will cover the oncology part of the question.

And on oncology, we have already a product in oncology which is working well, which is Palladia. We launched this product some years ago. We continue assessing the oncology market. And definitely, we have some programs -- internal programs related to monoclonal antibody and some other programs, but still oncology is a very limited market, although maybe in the future will be potential attractive market. But today it's a quite limited opportunity. 
And I think with that conclude the questions, and thank you very much for joining us today. And as we said, we remain very confident about the outlook for 2019. And we are maintaining our operational growth, and we are also maintaining our target in terms of adjusted net income. Thank you very much for your attendance.