Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter earnings call for 2022. While the world faces a dynamic external environment and uncertainty in the global economy, our business has been tested and continues to perform well based on our diverse durable portfolio and global footprint. In the third quarter, we delivered solid results with 5% operational revenue growth, reflecting steady performance across our innovation-driven companion animal portfolio especially in our international markets.  
Our international business grew 8% operationally and the U.S. grew 2% in the quarter. As we've been saying for some time, supply challenges throughout the year remain a headwind to meeting global demand, and those impacts were more pronounced in the third quarter. Supply has been improving in certain product categories such as parasiticides, and we continue prioritizing supply for key products and markets. However, we do expect constraints in some categories to continue.  
Overall, positive pet care trends in terms of increasing spend and pet owner demographics continue to underpin the strength of our business. With 10% operational growth in companion animal products in the third quarter, we continue to see strong demand globally for Simparica Trio and other parasiticides, our key dermatology products, Apoquel and Cytopoint, small animal vaccine and monoclonal antibodies, Librela and Solensia.  
In the U.S., supply constraints for companion animal products tempered some of our expected growth in the quarter, and we also experienced an impact related to workforce challenges in veterinary clinics. The decline in clinic visits is stabilizing at pre-COVID rates as clinics struggle with capacity issues. That being said, average revenues per visit continue to rise in the U.S. as pet owners plays a premium on the care of their pets, a positive long-term trend.  
This commitment to pet well-being is also demonstrated in the success of our monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain, Librela and Solensia. They are performing exceptionally well in the EU and Solensia is on track after being launched in the U.S. at the end of the third quarter. We are investing in building a fee line market for pain treatment and undertreated condition for cats.  
Outside of the U.S. companion animal products showed strong growth of 17% operationally. In some of our largest markets like China and Australia, we're seeing our innovative pet care products contributing more and more to growth in these traditionally live stock-driven markets. Meanwhile, our global livestock business performed largely as expected in the third quarter, with a decline of 3% operationally. We continue to face generic competition for livestock products, especially in cattle and poultry, and we face supply constraints in products such as vaccines.  
However, we are seeing solid pockets of growth, especially in aquaculture and poultry products and certain markets outside the U.S. As we stabilize from the generic competition, and review more consistent supply, we will improve our livestock performance. Looking ahead, we remain confident in the innovation-driven strength of our business especially in areas such as parasiticides, key dermatology products, vaccines and monoclonal antibodies. I am optimistic about the fundamental growth drivers and essential nature of the animal health industry to weather challenging times. However, we are revising our full year guidance to affect lower-than-expected sales in the second half of the year due to supply constraints, veterinary workforce challenges and recent changes to foreign exchange rates. We believe it is prudent to take a more cautious view given the increasing uncertainty around supply, inflation and other macroeconomic conditions that have become less predictable. As we look ahead, to our tenth anniversary as an independent company next year and I reflect on all that we've achieved in the last decade. I feel very positive about where we are and the capabilities we have to overcome any challenges we face.  
Historically, we've always been able to adapt our business to meet evolving customer needs, drive growth faster than the market and achieve our purpose in nurturing the world and human kind by advancing care for animals. The human animal bond and people's connection to pets and farm animals is powerful. It's a bond we support with a diverse portfolio that remains the strength of our business, and we see strong global demand for innovative products, especially in companion animal parasiticides, dermatology, vaccines, diagnostics and monoclonal antibodies for pain. Positive pet owner demographics and their willingness to spend on the care of their animals remain long-term sustainable drivers of growth despite some of the workforce challenges in clinics and livestock continues to be an important part of our business, an area where we drive significant value for our customers and shareholders.  
To sustain our growth, innovation remains our lifeblood, and we continue investing in the industry's leading R&D engine at Zoetis. Our monoclonal antibody portfolio for OA pain is a game changer. It has been performing exceptionally well as a pet treatment and growth driver in an increasing number of markets, and Librela is expected to be a blockbuster for Zoetis in 2022.  
In terms of the U.S. approval for Librela, we have confirmed dates for the FDA site inspections outside the U.S., but their timing makes it unlikely to have an approval this year. Given our ongoing conversations with the FDA, we are confident in receiving approval in the first half of 2023 with a launch planned for late in the year.  
In closing, our business continues to perform well in a dynamic market and we are well positioned to advance our strategic growth opportunities in parasiticides, dermatology, pain, diagnostics and emerging markets. Even as we face challenging supply constraints, generic competition and macroeconomic uncertainty, I remain confident in the resilience of our business and colleagues as we finish 2022 and we go into 2023. Given the importance of the companionship and nutrition provided by pets and farm minimals and the power of the human animal bond, the animal health industry has consistently grown in the mid-single digits even in down markets. And as the leader in animal health, we have the pipeline, market leadership positions, global scale and financial strength to continue outpacing the market. Throughout the last 10 years in various market conditions, we have grown the top line an average of about 8%. And even in the last recession, when our business was more livestock than companion animal, we still grew.  
As we look toward the end of the year and into 2023, I expect us to continue setting the bar on innovation, cultivating a high-performing culture and delivering superior customer experiences. All of this will have us growing significantly above the market and building enduring value for shareholders in this dynamic market. Thank you.
Now let me hand things over to Wetteny.

Sure. Thanks, Erin. I'll start and I'll let Wetteny build on this one. I mean I think the first thing to start with is fundamentally and structurally the veterinary business and importantly, demand for our products remains stronger than it was before COVID. I think we've got still a very healthy business. If you look at sort of the headwinds as we looked at the second half of this year, by far, supply was the biggest -- and I'll let Wetteny comment on sort of sizing them I would say that was the significant driver for us in Q3. And as we look into Q4, I mean, certainly, we can talk about vet clinic visits as well. But I think for us, we really believe that the supply issues that we were facing were really the primary driver for us.  
And as we look into 2023, I think the really good news around that is -- as we look at the ones we faced this year, as we talked about supply from the beginning of the year, we had mAbs issues. We worked through that. We're now in full supply on our mAbs in all the markets that we've launched in. So I think that one is one we've addressed. We did have paras challenges in Q2, Q3, honestly, our supply came into late in Q3 and I think if you look at Simparica Trio in particular, our competitors took advantage of stock selves. And so it's taken us a little longer to get back on shelf than we had hoped. But again, I think the paras problem will work itself out as you look into Q4. We have challenges as well in Rev and for Rev and Simparica, Q3 is a really important quarter for us. And so I think you saw that. I think, again, the really good news is demand remains strong for these products, and we've addressed most of those supply issues. There'll be some small ongoing ones, as you know, in our industry, Erin, you followed us a long time. We always have challenges around vaccines. When you supply as many products as we do across as many species globally. There's always some level of it, and some of those will continue into next year.  
But we're really confident that the biggest challenges we were anticipating this year around mAbs have been addressed. As you look at paras, both Trio and Rev, we'll work through that by the end of this year. We have really clear plans in place. I mean, obviously, there'll be some ongoing 1 in vaccines, but that's more usual, of course, but Wetteny, do you want to sort of get for second and third questions?

Sure. I'll start and I'll let Wetteny build on this one. As you think about competitors, yes, I am very confident that we will get our shelf space back, and there's -- this is -- I very much see this as temporary. We're not worried as Wetteny said, this product is really well received by our customers and by pet owners. It's growing 65% on the year. So I am very confident we will get that back. So I do see that absolutely as temporary. So I think the other important thing here as we look at Simparica Trio, in particular, is that when it comes to competition, the latest update we have is we are no longer expecting competition early in 2023 based on what we're hearing. 
As always, this is hard as a private company, and no one gives us much information on some of the private companies here and that a lot of them are not public, but our basic intelligence at this point is we don't see something launching against us as well early in the year, and we'll clearly leverage that opportunity to gain share as well. So I think that is also incremental news as we think about Trio. And when it comes to Librela, I mean, obviously, we were hoping for an approval this year, depending on when we get it next year, we just have to -- everything moves based on what that is. 
So we're still obviously hoping for a launch as we expected. But without knowing the exact timing of the approval into next year, it just moves proportionately, as you probably know. So I think that's just the only incremental news there. We're confident well, no matter what, we'll get a launch next year. But the timing of it is just we'll have to update it once we get the final approval on that. I don't know, Wetteny, did I miss anything there?

Sure. Louise, in your first question with regards to competition, I think the good news is we're not expecting competition early in the year anymore on Trio. But regardless of when competition arises, I do think we'll continue to grow through this. If you look at this category, even when [indiscernible] were introduced and you saw 1 then 2 then 3 this category grew we launched a triple combination, and we grew incredibly well. I think there was plenty of space here.  Wetteny mentioned earlier, there's still movement from topicals and collars and this is a really innovative category. 
So I do believe you'll continue to see growth. As you look at dermatology, I would say the same thing. I think a competitor can help us continue to grow this market. There are still 6 million untreated dogs. The usage of this product in international is still significantly below that of the U.S. when you have the same number of dogs with the conditions. So we continue to believe there is growth across these. Obviously, growth may decelerate in derm with a competitor, but I still think these are going to be growing markets. I think the innovation. And don't forget, we continue to look at life cycle enhancements for all of these products. We are not stopping with what we have. So I think there's a lot of visibility into a competitor might come, but not necessarily some of the innovations in these key product categories that we'll continue to do. With 
regards to innovation and livestock, Wetteny, did you want to take that 1 with regards to growth rates?

And sure, I'll take your second question around visibility into supply resolution. When we started the year, like many companies across many different sectors, we knew supply challenges would be there waiting on things. As you look at ones where -- to your point, were we a little surprised by what happened with specifically Trio and Rev. I mean the honest answer is yes, we thought they would resolve faster. It's not that we weren't aware this was a capacity issue. We needed to build capacity and specifically some of this at a third party. And honestly, getting that third party on took us a little longer than we expected. We set really an OpEx team over there to try to work on it and the timing of the resolution took us longer than we expected on that one. Why am I have visibility to, why I say it's better because we're having a weekly call, I'm looking at their output on a weekly basis for both Revolution and Trio, and they're doing really well. I think they're delivering consistently. They're up and running. 
And so I have visibility, and that's why I have strong confidence. And also Wetteny has strong confidence that as we look in to resolve through Q4, we're managing through back orders right now. So we just got to get product out to market, and we're prioritizing the markets at -- biggest ones and right now, and we'll get it to everyone by the end of this year, early next year. But when you're back, a few months on a product like Rev Plus, for example, in markets where that's a huge product, it takes a little while to get them fully back in supply. And that's why we have full confidence we knew what the issue was. It was capacity there. With Librela and Solensia, it was component parts, and we knew we were competing as well. That's why Wetteny was talking about, we were making trade-offs between products there. We have that in full supply. A lot of these were some were COVID-related. Some of these were capacity related and some were component parts related. 
It's been challenging for many companies to work through this. But we are as a leadership team managing this very carefully as Wetteny and I've said in the first and second quarter calls, constantly working with GMS, we have full visibility into what is happening for each of these products, and that's why we have confidence as to when they will resolve and when we'll get into full supply in key markets. So hopefully, anything else, Wetteny?

Sure. I mean, look, I'll go back to where I started. If you look at demand at the vet clinic, there's no question that it is fundamentally remaining strong. Current staffing and vet visits is ahead of where it was pre-COVID. So this is not like, Oh My God, everything went down, where are we going. It is a realignment. And I think what -- why are we confident in demand? Well, there are more pets I mean why we have a capacity problem is not actually that there are fewer visits, it's there are more pets than we had before as we saw the sort of pandemic boom. The pet parents are more millennials. They spend more time on their pets, spend more money on their pets. They're more invested in the preventative care of their pets, which increases demand. So we remain very confident that demand is very strong. It has proved resilient through other challenging macroeconomic times. So what we need to work with vets on is how to better leverage the techs and other ways to make sure that they can see as many pets as they possibly can. 
So we remain very confident this is not a demand issue. It is a capacity issue. We have to create more capacity than they had pre-COVID. There's ways of doing this by helping them improve their productivity across the different spaces. But I mean just putting that in numbers, why are we confident? there --we're fine -- if you look overall right now, the spend per visit is up 9%, clinic revenues are up 5% in the quarter. We did see a 4% decline in vet visits, but that was over a quarter at unprecedented levels, if you look back to last Q3. So the veterinary industry is structurally and fundamentally in good shape. We have to help them create additional capacity for all the new pets we have, but I think demand remains strong.

Sure. As you look at Trio for 2023, yes, we will be able to leverage the opportunity. Again, the challenge we had this year was getting new capacity online with a third party that took us longer than we expected. That is online and performing well. So we remain confident going into next year that we can leverage that opportunity and certainly have plans in place to do so. And your second question was around -- what was your second question?

Yes. I mean, look, we're holding -- by the way, we have tried to do that already. If you look -- focusing on resilience and managing inventory better. If you look at our inventory, we've invested a lot in making sure that we have component parts as we see in our industry being out of stock has a significant cost for the company. So we're certainly looking at how we can invest in that. But prudently, a lot of the buildup you're seeing right now is in raw materials and things like that to make sure we have on hand what we need to make it, and we're focusing that on our most important products. So you can manage a lot of this through inventory assuming you have capacity. 
But if you look at the biggest challenges we faced this year, it was getting on board capacity in key products and getting some of the component parts for things like mAbs. And we have figured that out, but -- in the sense of the mAbs, and we do have the capacity online. So you do -- you can definitely leverage inventory in certain cases, except when your challenge is capacity or a component part. But I don't know if you want to comment...

Sure. So I'll take your first question, and I'll let Wetteny take the second question. As we think about Librela, we are proud that it is a blockbuster in its first full year in launch outside the U.S. I would note that it hasn't even been launched in every market outside the U.S. I wouldn't even say it's everywhere there. And if you just take a slight step back here, as you look at the pain category globally in dogs, traditionally, it's been about a $400 million market. We believe with this product, we can double the size of that market. And we've talked about this before, taking a $400 million market to an $800 million market. 
We believe we can do this because we think this product's efficacy is really, really strong. And so if you think about that, we think we can get more dogs to be cared for. It doesn't have some of the safety profile issues of other products. We're seeing that people are staying on it longer. It is already in Europe, the #1 pain product as you think about it. So we are -- we believe very strongly, If you look at this 40% customers to Librela are new to the category. This really speaks to the power of this product that's excitement with us. 
And we're seeing a 90% reorder rate. So I think you're going to see significant potential for this product as you look at growing it outside to other markets as Wetteny mentioned earlier, beyond the ones that's already launched in international. And then certainly, when you add to the U.S. We've seen in some of these really advanced technology products, the U.S. is often bigger than international on most of these products. So we remain very optimistic for the success of this product just based on so far, it's -- we've talked about this on previous calls, it's done incredibly well and where we've even been upside surprise is how many months many customers are staying on it. So we'll continue to see how that evolves over time, but we're very optimistic about this product, not just in international, but as we bring it into the U.S. and as we expanded across international. But Wetteny, do you want to take the second question on livestock?

A few follow-ups there. I mean, as far as, the comment on uncertainty had to do with the macroeconomic environment. The question is we're still seeing very strong consumer demand, but there's still a belief that we'll have potentially a recession in Q1, Q2, Q3. It was not about increased uncertainty to be clear in supply. It was uncertainty as to what the macroeconomic environment and what we'll be looking at into 2023 or even in Q4. So let me be clear, the uncertainty comment that was not related to supply. 
The only -- the comment I'll make is with regards to the China question. I mean, look, in Q3, China grew 35% even with these lockdowns again, underlying what we've been saying, the demand for our products remains very strong. What's important there is if you look like 4 or 5 years ago, it was a majority livestock business. It became about 50-50 last year between livestock and companion animal. And if you look at it right now, the lockdowns are clearly impacting livestock but companion animal, and given its close to 50-50, grew almost double what you see as China growth that. So even with the lockdowns, we really see China remaining a strong market for us and growing quite well. So I think we can weather those lockdowns. I mean, look, if we -- the lockdown stop, which does not appear based on the news in the last 24 hours, to be something that's going to be happening in the near term, you might see livestock recover a little faster than what it is. But again, even in this environment, even with lockdowns, you saw 35% growth in Q3 in China. So I would just underscore that.

No.

Great. Look, thanks, everybody, for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, we continue to see strength across our diverse global portfolio, especially in our products for pet care and the fundamental drivers of animal health, as I've said throughout this call, remained fundamentally and structurally very strong. We continue to invest in talent and innovation certainly in manufacturing expansions as we've talked to you today that can support this future growth while adapting and optimizing our business for the increasingly dynamic macroeconomic environment that we all operate in. We look forward to keeping you updated on future calls. Thanks so much for joining us today.