Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your loved ones are all staying healthy and able to get vaccinated for COVID-19, if not already, then soon. We've been very fortunate in the U.S. as vaccination rates are up and infection rates are trending down overall. But that is not the situation everywhere. In many countries, improving access to vaccines and controlling infection rates are critical hurdles for a more comprehensive global recovery. Yet with the extraordinary measures being taken by so many, I remain optimistic about the steady progress we're making to beat this pandemic.
I'm also very proud of what we've been able to do at Zoetis in our own small way to support the global effort. We've been able to keep our colleagues safe, encourage and assist them with vaccinations where possible, and continue serving our customers in the care of their animals. And we're off to a very strong start in 2021, executing on strategies for building on our innovative pet care portfolio, expanding in key markets outside the U.S. and accelerating our growth in diagnostics. In the first quarter, we grew our top line revenue at 21% operationally, our best quarter ever, with 25% operational growth internationally and 19% growth in the U.S. China and Brazil led our international performance with 75% and 48% operational growth respectively, exhibiting their strength in both companion animal and livestock product sales. 
In total, our containment animal portfolio grew 34% operationally based on the strength of our parasiticides and dermatology products, while our livestock portfolio grew 8% operationally with solid growth in cattle, swine and fish products.
Digging deeper on pet care, it has been 1 year since the launch of our triple combination parasiticide, Simparica Trio. It is exceeding expectations and has been well received by customers, with a 90% plus penetration rate in our largest U.S. corporate accounts. Simparica Trio is the latest growth catalyst for a portfolio of small animal parasiticides. After several successful innovations in the last few years, these products made up 16% of our total sales in the first quarter and includes such brands as Simparica, Simparica Trio, Revolution, Stronghold and ProHeart. We believe the ongoing market shift to e-commerce is another boost for this category, helping to increase compliance and months on therapy. And our direct-to-consumer campaigns for Simparica and Simparica Trio continued showing a solid return on investment in markets around the world.
Meanwhile, our key dermatology portfolio led by Apoquel and Cytopoint, demonstrated continued double-digit growth. We are seeing excellent traction and significant growth across the range of international market. Our dermatology portfolio has further growth potential as we continue expanding our international customer base and seek to become a more common first-line treatment for pruritus in dogs. Veterinarians and pet owners alike appreciate the exceptional standard of care that our products can provide.
In the containment animal space, we've also continued to be pleased with our diagnostics portfolio, which grew 47% operationally in the first quarter. We have grown our point-of-care diagnostic sales, made excellent progress on improving our connectivity solutions in veterinary practices, and have seen our cloud-based VetScan images platform receiving very positive customer feedback, with placements exceeding expectations in the early launch. We're also making progress on our Reference Labs integrations and look forward to future expansion in this space, both in the U.S. and internationally.
Our growth in livestock was driven by the performance of cattle, swine and fish in the first quarter. Cattle product sales in the U.S. were strong as the food service sector has started to recover and generic competition projection was later than expected. Meanwhile, swine benefited from the continued recovery from African swine fever in China.
Thanks to the unprecedented growth in revenue and our continued financial discipline and adaptability throughout COVID-19, our adjusted net income grew 34% operationally. Looking ahead, we are raising guidance for operational growth and full year revenue to the range of 10.5% to 12%. And while we had an unusually strong first quarter, we expect more normalized revenue growth in the second half of the year due to tougher comparative quarters and increasing generic competition for DRAXXIN. Glenn will provide more details on other guidance updates in his remarks.
Since the beginning of the year, Zoetis has continued to advance our key priorities, including key milestones for new products and life cycle innovations and geographic expansions for major brands. Since our last earnings announcement, we received approval in the European Union for Solensia the first injectable monoclonal antibody for the alleviation of pain associated with osteoarthritis in cats and will be launching this year. Osteoarthritis is vastly underdiagnosed and undertreated today due to limited options for therapy and difficulty recognizing pain in cats.
Meanwhile, Librela, our monoclonal antibody for the alleviation of OA pain in dogs, has launched in the EU. And we're seeing a great customer response from vets and dog owners who referenced increased activity, social ability and quality of life for their pets.
In the U.S., we continued discussions with the FDA regarding our regulatory submissions and manufacturing inspection for Librela and Solensia, and we now anticipate approvals for both products in 2022, with Librela likely later in the year. We will provide updates on U.S. revenue expectations for these products in 2022 as we get further clarity on approval timing and rollout plans.
It is also worth noting that in China, which is our second largest market in terms of revenue, Zoetis recently received approvals for several leading products, Fostera PCV MH a 1-shot vaccine for pigs, Excenel RTU EZ, a key anti-infective for cattle and swine,  and Revolution Plus, our latest parasiticide for cats. We continue to strengthen our portfolio in China, one of our key catalysts for growth.
We're also maximizing our key brands with more geographic expansion. In poultry, we expanded our line of recombinant vector vaccines with approval of Poulvac Procerta HVT-ND in Canada, Brazil and several other smaller markets. And in parasiticides, we received additional approvals for Simparica Trio in Japan, Mexico and several other smaller markets.
In terms of sustainability, we published our long-term goals in March with specific commitments to communities, animals and the planet. We've built a comprehensive and rigorous approach through our Driven to Care program, and our goals include support for 10 of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We'll be releasing more detail on these goals and our initial progress in our sustainability report this June.
In closing, the fundamental growth drivers for our industry continue to show strong and sustainable momentum. Pet adoption trends and higher spending per visit in the U.S. along with increased medicalization rates in markets outside the U.S. all continue to bode well for significant growth in our companion animal and diagnostic portfolios globally. We feel very confident about where our companion animal business has come over the last few years, launching innovative new products, defining new standards of treatment and expanding our global reach.
In 2014, our companion animal business was 34% of our total revenue. Last year, it had grown to 55% based on the strength of our innovation and investment in growth, and we see that continuing to expand.
In livestock, the industry is in a more limited innovation cycle, and we expect modest growth for the year. Livestock growth is tied closely to the pandemic and how quickly the foodservice industry recovers.
For Zoetis, we also anticipate increasing headwinds of generic competition to DRAXXIN, but we expect our life cycle innovations and competitive strategies to help us mitigate the impact.
While U.S. livestock may present challenges for us in the near term, I feel very positive about our catalysts for growth in pet care, diagnostics, and international markets like China and Brazil. We continue to be led by our companion animal parasiticide and dermatology portfolio with more growth to come, and we see a bright future ahead for our monoclonal antibodies for pain. Diagnostics is accelerating its growth as we increase our global footprint, expand our reference labs and demonstrates the potential for VetScan images to veterinary clinics. And internationally, China continues to be a market with significant growth potential, not only in swine products, but with a sizable opportunity for increased medicalization of pets. And we expect major growth to continue in Brazil across the companion animal and livestock portfolios.
As always, we remain confident that Zoetis' diverse portfolio across species and geographies, our continued pipeline of innovative new products and life cycle innovations, and the agility and commitment of our colleagues will continue driving our success in 2021 and beyond. Now let me hand off to Glenn, who will speak more about our first quarter results and updated guidance for the full year 2021.

Sure. Thanks, Erin. As you think about U.S. livestock, as Glenn mentioned, overall U.S. livestock was down 4%, but there was lots of different trends in there. U.S. cattle was up 6% in the quarter. And I think if you look at that, that was driven by later-than-expected entrants in the generics. So we were expecting more entrants sooner, but to your point, we don't really think it's going to end up playing out any differently by the end.
And so what do I mean by that? If you look at that, we think the entrants will come, we think once they do, we'll likely end up -- if you look at generics, it's normally 20% to 40% penetration. And what we said is we think that's likely what it's going to be with DRAXXIN, both in the U.S. and in the EU and really around the globe.
But as you think about that, it's likely going to happen a little bit later in the year. So we did do better in the beginning of the year. But if you look at that and you compare it to how we did internationally on DRAXXIN more specifically, so although you saw 6% growth in DRAXXIN in the U.S. internationally -- sorry just meant overall DRAXXIN internationally is actually down, and that was because we did have a multiple entrants sooner in that.
So I don't think livestock really is going to play out any differently. We did see, as Glenn mentioned, a decline in poultry overall. And there is some seasonality obviously if you think about cattle. Swine was down and poultry.
But overall I think we continue to remind, if you look at livestock overall for us, it was up 8%. I think what often people underappreciate is that 60% of livestock is outside of the U.S. And although we focus a lot on U.S. cattle, the growth as you saw in China across swine which had 128% growth, and in Brazil still meant livestock did quite well. As you think about the parasiticides, I'll let Glenn sort of take some of that and get into some of the more specific trends.

Thanks. Thanks, Mike. So starting with China, and I'll let Glenn take the second question. We do think this is a very sustainable growth driver in China, and really what drives that is a few things.
One, I think you'll see African swine fever continuing a rebuild of the herd there. It is going to take a few years to rebuild that, so I think that is going to be for the next few years of sustainable growth. You saw swine grow in the quarter at 128%. 
But I think what's also really important to focus on is how well companion animal did, which grew 59%. We've been launching a number of new products, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. We had the launch of Fostera PCV MH as well as Revolution Plus. So continuing to bring in new products, seeing really, really good growth across both companion animal and livestock, makes us believe that China and the investments we've even talked about in building additional facilities there and growing our biologic footprint, we are very bullish on China continuing to be a sustainable growth driver for the company. Do you want to take the question, Glenn?

Sure. Thanks, Louise. We look at some of the trends you've seen this year, and a lot of these are more sustainable on the pet care side. And I think the trends, that I'll talk about in a second, are a little bit different on the livestock side. 
What you've been seeing over the last few quarters is an increase in revenue per visit. That has been sustainable. And as we looked last year at the sort of 10%, again as we talked about in Glenn's remarks, a 10% increase in revenue per visit. And what's been driving that is there's increased pet ownership, and that really has maintained. People are continuing to spend more time with their pets. I think you see the trend of these new pets being adopted by millennials and Gen Z, and they spend more on those pets. So we see that as a trend that will continue to drive growth overall for the industry.
And then these pets will ultimately age. And as these -- all these new pets age, a lot of our chronic products will become even more relevant.
I think this is also driving important growth in our diagnostics business, which grew 47% in the quarter. Again, pets can't tell you what's wrong with them, so I think vets are getting really increased focus on doing diagnostic tests in a lot of these wellness visits.
If you think about livestock, I mean there's 2 trends to look at. One is just when will we produce more protein as people go out more, really what you're going to need to see the significant improvements here globally as an increase in travel and entertainment. And I think we're now seeing people going back to schools, maybe going back to work, maybe traveling for personal, but getting that travel and entertainment industry back up will help drive the growth in livestock globally, I think, over some of these coming quarters.
So slightly different trends, but we continue to remain bullish. And the way we see our growth is with an increasing pet care business. We see great growth in pet care from everything from our in line, our para's, our derm, our [indiscernible]. Looking at increased growth in China and Brazil, which again as we talked about, we think is sustainable. And then lastly, continued investment in growth in our diagnostics business, which we're quite excited about.

Sure. We're -- as you probably know, we began the early experience in the EU, and we'll be launching formally in Q2 for Librela. The early experience information that we saw was really, really positive. Both -- obviously it's got a strong safety profile. But the efficacy, it's working very quickly faster than I think some of our customers expected and they're seeing significant improvements in the quality of life and in the pain of these dogs. So we remain very bullish that customers are looking for an alternative to the products in the market right now and we're seeing a really strong uptake in that. This is still a significant market. If you look at sort of $90 million in the EU today, 40% of those dogs have OA, and currently only 28% of those are treated. So the early experience data that we've seen to date and the early launch makes us very optimistic for the success of this product. And as we mentioned before, we expect this product to be a blockbuster.

Okay. I'll take the first question, and then Glenn can take the second one. Although protein is global, the dynamics are very different in each species in a few ways. One, obviously if you look at consumption, as people move into the middle class, they're generally starting with milk and then eggs then poultry, then they move up to swine and then beef. There's also differences geographically on what people consume. Obviously, China is a huge swine market. That's not true in the U.S. where you see probably more poultry and beef. So there are really different consumption trends as well.
The other real big differences is who produces in each market and for each species, how much is exported. In the U.S., there's a significantly larger export market for poultry and for swine.
So there's very different dynamics for each of the different species as people trade up and trade down different protein sources as you think about where people are sourcing those protein sources who are big export markets versus internal production. So -- and it does lead to very different dynamics.
The other major dynamic you should think about is that the ability for each producer to change their supply is actually quite different. Once you have a supply of cattle, they take many years to grow. You can't all of a sudden pare back in cattle. Poultry producers can decide not to use a bunch of eggs and grow chickens, which only take a few months. So it's very different in their ability to react to the market, and therefore you do see different decisions being made and you probably saw in the papers today, there's huge demand for poultry right now, and I think poultry producers are going to have to sort of start scaling up. They can do that quickly. They can make those decisions and expand their flocks very quickly.  That is a very difficult thing, it takes a lot of time for a swine or a cattle producer. So that's why you sometimes see some of these different dynamics across species.

Sure. Thanks, Elliot. I'll take the first question.  Yes, as Glenn mentioned in his opening remarks, we are not expecting competition in the U.S. for Simparica Trio or for our derm portfolio, Apoquel or Cytopoint, until maybe mid- -- the second half of 2022 at the earliest, to be honest with you. This is just based on our competitive intelligence, which is, as we said from the start, is not perfect. There is not great information, but we definitely don't expect it this year. And based on what we've heard, we don't think it's in the first half of next year at the earliest.
So again, we are always prepared for competition to come. We're never exactly clear when it will be. But I think our -- we're very optimistic that we got -- at the very least this year and the first half of next year and we'll be aggressive in growing these products as we've seen.
But I would remind you once, certainly if you look at Simparica Trio, that we've done incredibly well with Simparica, and it was the third to market. And we continue to grow this franchise already around the world, the Simparica franchise even with other competitors on the market.
So is there anything you want to add there, Glenn? Do you want to take the second question?

Thanks, Kathy. Yes, as we mentioned, we are expecting the approval of both Librela and Solensia in 2022. And no, there's nothing specific about why Librela is actually later than Solensia. It has to do with filing timings and just general process on the 2 of those. But again, we remain quite confident and optimistic in the approval of both of those. And as we get closer, we'll be able to provide more specific guidance on revenue and launch timing, et cetera.
But no, there's nothing specific as to why Librela is going to probably be later in the year than Solensia. It's just timing of submissions and back and forth with the regulators. So Glenn, do you want to take the second?

Thanks, David. 
We are quite excited with regards to our innovative portfolio in both companion and livestock. And as you think about companion animal, we're really focused on continuing to grow our franchise in parasiticide and look for additional products there. Continuing to look at exciting areas such as additional add-ons in our dermatology portfolio. 
And really, we think the platform of our monoclonal antibodies goes way beyond pain, to be honest with you. There's lots of other chronic and other conditions we think that technology will help with and super excited about our portfolio in diagnostics. Really building new indications with our images platform, our AI, cloud-based diagnostics expanding reference lab. So I think there's a really bright future as we look at continuing to expand our pet care portfolio globally. So Glenn, I don't know if you want to take the question with regards to inflation.

Thanks, yes. I think we are very bullish with regards to the launch curves of both Librela and Solensia in the EU. I think we're now just in early experience with Solensia, so it's probably a little earlier there.
But again, as we said I think a little bit previously, I do think the launch curves are going to look different between Librela and Solensia a little bit. Librela is going to enter an established market. The great news is the vets are already very comfortable with injectable monoclonal antibodies given Cytopoint. So I think you'll see a really nice uptick, and I think we'll do very well there.
Solensia is a little different. You have to get more cats to the clinic. You have to medicalize those cats and treat them. It's a little harder to always sense OA in cats. That being said, we'll have a much better sense as we get to the next quarter since we're just beginning early experience right now. 
We're really bullish on this in the medium term how fast that uptake happened. I think early experience, which is what we're in right now, we'll be able to better inform that as we get to the next quarter. But the science behind it, the safety, the efficacy is really, really strong and what's different, as we've talked about for Solensia, there really are very few alternatives for cats. So if we can build a market, which I think Zoetis has demonstrated its ability to do, we're really excited about what that launch curve will be better informed as we finish early experience, which we're adjusted now. Anything you add on that, Glenn?

I'll start and let Glenn build on this. We are very optimistic on Trio, and ultimately it probably changes the curve a little bit of how fast we get that competition on the market. But I think it's important, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, these products still grow even when competition enters. And I think this is something we keep underscoring. Compared to there to market. It is growing like crazy and taking share. I think when you put the marketing muscle, the technical experience muscle of Zoetis behind the product and even with competition, we still expect these products to grow. So we will probably build our share faster, but we do expect even with competition that these products in these categories will continue to grow also bringing more people into prescription products versus some of the over the counter, really bringing new solutions I think we'll continue to grow these products in the longer term. I don't know if you want to build anything that and address the life back one.

Sure. Thanks. As you think about pet care, we've been -- we've having a few quarters with 10% or higher revenue per visit. That has been -- continued to be sustained. We think the trends driving this is the increased pet ownership, which hasn't changed. There was a little bit of a fear, as we were in Q3 of last year, with a lot of these dogs being returned or cats returned or re-homed, and we really haven't seen a significant trend there.
So we think the increased pet ownership even if people go back to work, most people are going to have flexible arrangements. They're still going to be home with their pet more than probably they were before and they build a bond with those pets and they notice things and they build habits that we think will be sustained as we do that.
And again, the other important trend here is who is owning these pets? Millennials and Gen Z, who tend to spend more per pet. 
So we really continue to see pet ownership trends and spend per pet continuing. I mean is it going to be 10% every quarter? I'm not so sure. But historically just to remind you, I think it was 5% to 6% historically. So it's still a very strong growth driver overall for the industry, and I think these trends may be higher than what it historically has been on a go-forward basis, just given who's adopting the pets and increased focus on the pet is an important part of the family.

Thanks, David. I have to say you have a very good list there of potential reasons. I mean the honest answer is we don't really know why there are specific delays? And are they dissimilar delays for different companies, It's very difficult for us to assess that. There's not a lot of great details information. So I mean our list of the ones that we consider were all the ones you just mentioned, to be perfectly honest. But which one it is for which company, I'm not really sure.
I mean some -- maybe because they launched their first later, for example, one of the companies. But for the others, it's not exactly clear exactly what is driving those delays. So I wish I could be a little more helpful here, but honestly we don't really know.

Okay. Well, thanks for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping you updated as our business throughout the year and continue to deliver our results and innovations that you and our customers expect. So thanks so much. And stay well, everybody.