Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter earnings call for 2022. I'm pleased to say Zoetis delivered another strong quarter with 8% operational growth in revenue and 9% operational growth in adjusted net income, driven once again by the strength of our companion animal portfolio. 
We saw a balanced performance across our segments with similar operational revenue growth for both the U.S. and international, 9% and 8%, respectively. Our diversity and strength across parasiticides, dermatology products, vaccines and monoclonal antibodies for pain continue to demonstrate people's desire for innovative and effective care for their pets. We continue to see positive spending trends across the globe for pet care. And we grew 14% operationally in our companion animal portfolio. 
As anticipated, our livestock portfolio continued to face challenges, declining 1% operationally in the second quarter, largely due to generic competition primarily in U.S. cattle and declines in swine products in China due to lower pork prices and COVID-related supply constraints. Overall, our business remains strong, thanks to the durability of our global portfolio and a steady pipeline of new products. 
Even as we face uncertain macroeconomic conditions, continued supply constraints, generic competition and the war in Ukraine, we remain confident in the resilience of our business and colleagues. As we look to the rest of the year, we are updating and narrowing our guidance to reflect our positive outlook for the remainder of 2022 and the negative impact of recent changes to foreign exchange rates. Wetteny will walk you through the details in his remarks. 
As we look at the second half of the year, we remain confident in our long-term growth drivers and our ability to maintain a steady supply for customers despite inflationary pressures on the global economy and ongoing constraints for certain products. 
We all know pet owners love their dogs and cats and pet care remains a very positive and robust market, showing little impact from broader consumer concerns with inflation for the global economy. As we expected during the pandemic, that clinic visits are normalizing over time and spending continues to show strong growth based on the latest U.S. numbers. The positive dynamic between pets and pet owners, which I've spoken about before, is proving sustainable and recession-resistant due to people's affinity for their pets, a willingness to prioritize medical care for their pets and key demographic drivers such as the increased pet ownership by Gen Z and millennials and the greater percentage of high income households owning pets. 
Our innovative companion animal portfolio is well suited to address these customer needs. Our key dermatology products continue to demonstrate strong growth, 22% operationally for the first half, and we see opportunity to expand in underpenetrated markets especially internationally and introduce life cycle innovations like Apoquel chewable tablets. We have more to come in the pipeline for dermatology, and we do not foresee any competitors for Apoquel or Cytopoint this year or in the first half of 2023. 
In terms of parasiticides, the Simparica franchise, including Simparica Trio, is performing extremely well having grown 47% operationally through the first half of the year and is gaining share in the industry's largest category. We currently anticipate a competing triple-combination parasiticide to be approved in the U.S. in the next 6 months with a possible launch next year. 
However, we believe Trio will continue to grow based on a strong label, proven efficacy and the support of DTC marketing in the U.S. and international markets. Our monoclonal antibodies for pain, Librela and Solensia, are performing very well in approved markets across Europe, and we remain very confident in the blockbuster potential of these breakthrough treatments. In terms of the U.S., we have begun early experience trials for Solensia and expect a broader market launch in the fourth quarter. 
And we still anticipate approval for Librela later this year, assuming FDA inspections are completed at facilities outside the United States. Meanwhile, our operational growth in international has remained steady throughout the first half of the year at 8% despite COVID lockdowns in China and revenue reductions in Russia and Ukraine due to the war. 
Excluding the impact of Russia and Ukraine in the first half, our international sales would have grown 9% operationally. This is the latest example of how our diverse portfolio and global footprint drive steady and sustainable growth for the business. While some markets may be experiencing setbacks in the quarter, other markets like the U.S., Australia, Southern Europe and other emerging markets are driving our performance. 
In the second half, we see China returning to stronger growth if COVID stays in check, and we continue to expect the diversity across geographies and species to remain strong. In terms of livestock, we expect continued pressure from generic competition, primarily in U.S. cattle and poultry products. However, we are generating growth across various livestock species in markets outside the U.S. and fish continues to perform exceptionally well. 
Finally, like many companies, we are managing through supply constraints this year with certain products. We continue working hard to optimize our supply chain this year so we can meet the increasing demand for certain key products. 
Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in the resources, DTC marketing and manufacturing capacity we need to support our future growth and achieve results for our customers and shareholders. We are advancing our driven-to-care sustainability goals that were established last year. And we published our 2021 progress update and ESG metrics in the second quarter, highlighting achievements toward our DE&I aspirations, expanded clinic goals and support for the veterinary profession. We are committed to staying on our journey to be the most sustainable animal health company in the world. 
We also continue to invest in R&D, business development and new capabilities across the business to enhance our portfolio and ensure our long-term growth. In the second quarter, we continued to receive approvals for new products like Poulvac, Procerta HVT-IBD, ND, expand key franchises like Apoquel into new markets and acquire new businesses to complement our portfolio such as Basepaws, a pet care genetics company. In closing, our business continues to perform extraordinarily well in one of the most dynamic markets I've ever seen. 
Diversity, innovation and customer focus are our cornerstones for excellence. I want to thank our colleagues for their tenacity, commitment and resilience as we continue to deliver for our customers and shareholders. Thank you. 
Now let me hand things off to Wetteny.

Sure. I'll take the first one, Mike. Thanks for the question. For starters, we were really pleased with performance of Simparica Trio and Simparica franchise in the quarter with 72% growth. And we do expect even with competition to grow the franchise here. What we're really seeing in the market is a strong shift from topicals and collars to [ worlds ]. There's a new standard of care. So we see the category certainly growing. 
We still believe we've got some number of advantages from being first to market. We've gotten a lot of customers enrolled in auto shift, which is really helping continue to drive growth there. We've got strong relationships with the large corporate. But importantly, on that issue, we still believe we've got significant room to expand in our penetrated clinics as we look at where our penetration within those clinics is. 
The other thing is, we really don't believe you're going to see tons of switching without significant differentiation, which honestly we're not really expecting. This remains a significant market. And right now, the Simparica franchise is #2 in the U.S. and flea, tick and heartworm. So we are expecting approval of a potential competitor sometime in the back half of this year and then obviously launching likely sometime next year. But we continue to believe that we can grow the franchise. We're going to invest highly in that through direct-to-consumer through our field force. And we believe, given all the issues and opportunities we have, we can continue to grow this franchise.

Great. Thanks, Erin. I'll take the first one, Wetteny can take that second question. We are really pleased so far in the Librela success outside of the U.S., and we'll talk a little bit what I think the implication therefore are within the U.S. Right now, Librela is the #1 OA pain product in dogs in the EU already, which we think is outstanding. If you look at its success, it's really been embraced and we see very strong reorder rates right now. Really impressively, 40% of dogs are new to the category, and we're seeing a 90% reorder rate. So we're really pleased. 
This is a product, as you've noted, that does share some components with human COVID vaccines. And we've been managing that very carefully, making sure as we launch that we have adequate supply since this is a chronic medication. Really have been thoughtful about that. We do believe we've got additional capacity coming online at some of our suppliers as we look into the second half of this year and into next year. 
So as we look at the rest of this year, we -- as we said, we believe this product will be a blockbuster this year, over $100 million. And we're very optimistic, assuming we get the approvals we're expecting an inspection this year to be able to move exactly as we did it Solensia next year with an early experience in the first half followed by a full launch. So remain very excited investing heavily behind this and believe we're working really hard in the supply chain unless something changes dramatically, we are confident we will have the supply we need for a successful launch in the U.S. next year.

Sure. Thanks so much, Jon. I'll take the first question, Wetteny take the second one on livestock. We are very pleased with continued growth of derm. To your point, in the first 6 months of the year, it grew 22%, in the quarter, it was 16%. There always has been some cyclicality, but we really believe we can continue to grow this franchise. We can expand it. We have been through both branded and unbranded DTC. As you know, we just began this year really an investment in unbranded DTC in Europe, where we're now seeing significant pick up there. We continue to see people home with pets more. And importantly, they are still in the U.S. alone, 6 million dogs who are still issuing, who do not get -- have not received the product. 
So we think we can continue to grow this. To your question on competition and life cycle innovation, we are investing heavily behind life cycle innovation. This is our category. As you saw last year, the franchise is already worth $1 billion. So we will work heavily to defend this, both with chewable and with other products in the pipeline. Chewable is a real advantage for a lot of people who have trouble giving tools to their dogs and getting them to take it. I would say there may be a slight price depending it's very market specific as you look at the pricing there. But to us, it's really building the loyalty to our franchise overall. 
We don't have on the competition. As you know, it's not a perfect science in our industry. But as you saw, we did -- on the compare to Trio sense that we do see competition. Mostly that is through working with chatter in the marketplace as well as with distributors and our large corporates, who start negotiating differently with us when they believe there's going to be competition in a space. So we are not seeing that in the same way that we are just starting to see that now on competition for our Simparica Trio franchise. So we continue to believe we can grow this franchise with new innovation, with the strength of our commercial infrastructure, with our investment in DTC. 
So I'll let Wetteny take the second question on livestock.

Yes, I'll take a little bit more on your question on the pipeline and livestock. To build on what Wetteny saying, we do continue to believe that we're -- that there's significant growth opportunities in vaccines and livestock, that's what our customers are looking for. As Wetteny referenced, we've been launching some vaccines in swine. Certainly, vector vaccines, we just announced approval of the second vector vaccine. In poultry, we'll be launching more vector vaccines, in that poultry franchise as well. Really excited, as I mentioned earlier, about fish with 23% growth in the quarter. Apoquel really focusing on [indiscernible] and other potential vaccines there. And then if you look at that more broadly as we look out a little farther investment immunotherapies as well as in precision livestock farming, continuing to add to our block yard product there, to our genetics business there. 
So we do see a number of key platforms in livestock to drive innovation in the space. As Wetteny said, I think you can get back to the historical growth rates of around 4% as we hopefully lap some of these generic issues around DRAXXIN and Zoamix and poultry and the ASF issue in China. But I think to get above that, which we certainly aspire to do, it's going to take bringing innovation, and we are certainly investing to be the leader in innovation in livestock.

Sure. I think what's important to keep in mind is that vet clinics are doing quite well. If you look at growth in vet clinic revenue since 2019, it's up 20%. There's definitely with a 5% increase in the number of pets in the U.S. There are capacity constraints to meeting all the needs. But I think what's important to remember also is we are not leveraged as highly as some other businesses to in-clinic visits. A lot of our key products are chronic. So if you look at our derm portfolio, our parasiticide portfolio, et cetera, we're still seeing tremendous growth. 
We had a 10% volume increase in the quarter in U.S. products. So I think it's important to think there's more movement to online and other spaces. So we don't see some of these capacity issues as a major issue for us in continuing to grow our business. you're seeing some of the same capacity strength in Europe, and yet you're already seeing us have Librela looking to be a blockbuster product this year. 
And I think what really differentiates us is innovation. When there's important science and new products that they're excited about, we're still seeing great attention at the vet clinic for that and really driving that through. Although a lot of people are very focused on vet visits given we're not as leveraged to that, I -- we really think the spend per visit is really important. And I think we're leading in that category given innovation.

Thanks, Elliot. I'll start with your Librela and see if maybe Wetteny can add anything on the parasiticide. Really good questions there on Librela. If you look at the 40% new to the category, we do think that's extraordinary. This is an established category. This isn't like derm when we started it where it wasn't really a category. There have been many products across the globe for dogs, for pain management. But I think it really underscores the challenges with the existing therapies. There's -- the trade-offs and safety and efficacy have been significant. Most of those therapies, you can't stay on for very long. And I think -- so for a lot of people that really didn't want to deal with some of those side effects that they had stayed out of the category. 
I think with something with the label that we have with a monoclonal antibody, we are clearly bringing new people to the sector, and we're growing that sector significantly. I think we talked about before, the global market for pain for dogs was around $400 million. We believe with the addition of Librela that we can double the size of that market over time and move that to $800 million, and we think we can do that from a few ways and one of them you referenced. One is people staying on therapy longer. Certainly, with a safe and efficacious product, we believe we can increase days on therapy. 
I think we can also be demonstrated with 40% increase the number of pets getting it. And third, we think we can grow the market certainly based on price. This is a premium product with significant innovation. So we are really pleased with the 40% growth. It is certainly higher than even we were expecting with the new patients to the category. We are seeing significant -- probably higher than we were expected initially, compliant to the sense of months on therapy. So we remain extremely optimistic about EU and the persistence of this growth. And I'll let Wetteny take your follow-up question on Simparica.

Sure. I'll start with your diagnostics and then I will let Wetteny do the DRAXXIN livestock question. As you look at -- we're about flat in the first half of the year in Diagnostics. And as Wetteny mentioned in his remarks, as you saw the decline, really, there was growth in international. We made a huge investment in creating a stand-alone diagnostics field force and technical team and service team in the U.S. that is highly disruptive, as you know, if you watch other companies do this over time. 
So -- but we do believe in the absolute strength of this business long term, investing in it long term, as you've seen, we've invested in innovation and our images platform, et cetera to grow this business. So obviously, as that people get into new territories, et cetera, there's obviously some disruption that happens there. This honestly was anticipated. We remain extremely optimistic in the growth of this business and the strength of it. We certainly look at the strength of our international business and how well that's been doing and growing that with customers. We invested in diagnostics for the long term and really believe we can drive strong growth here. 
And diagnostics as a sector is -- grows faster than the overall animal health space. And we believe we can bring disruptive innovation to the space to help us drive that. But I'll let Wetteny take the follow-up question on livestock and DRAXXIN.

Sure. Thanks, Ekaterina. Good to have you on the call today. As you look at the sort of macroeconomics, we continue to see, on a global basis, very strong demand. And I think what's driving that for us is the innovation that we bring to the market, as well as who's adopting some of these dogs, millennial Gen Z who are more willing to spend more on their pets as well as more of the pets being adopted by high-income families. 
That being said, Ekaterina, as you double-click into individual markets, you are seeing as economies get affected, obviously, overall demand may go down, but not -- we have so far not seen to do our products. We are monitoring it carefully. I think the one place where we're starting to see a little more of that might be Latin America, just given some of the really hyperinflationary markets that you're starting to see there. But what we've really been pleased about in companion animal is the continued strength and willingness to spend and investing in innovative disruptive technology. 
So there are certainly differences as you get into individual markets across the globe, but overall continued strong demand. And I would double-click for you since you asked the global question in a few places. One in Brazil, where we only printed about 1% growth in Q2 overall. Companion animals still grew 35% in the quarter, and you look at China, where we only had 3% growth, companion animal grew 24%. So even in what many people might consider emerging markets, we are still seeing incredibly strong demand for our products and for our innovation.

Great. Look, thank you, everyone, for your questions and for your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, we see continued strength across our diverse global portfolio, especially in our companion animal and pet care products. We are continuing to invest in talent and innovation and manufacturing expansions that can support our future growth. And we are updating and narrowing our full year guidance to reflect a positive outlook for the remainder of 2022 and obviously, as many other companies, the negative impact of recent changes to foreign exchange rates. So I look forward to keeping you updated on future calls. Thanks so much. Have a great day.