Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Once again, I hope you and your loved ones are safe and healthy as this pandemic continues to be pervasive and unpredictable with COVID cases spiking again in several regions of the U.S. and around the world.
We are all facing the uncertainty and fatigue that has come with this pandemic, but I'm also grateful and see today to share results that reflect the resilience of the animal health industry, the outstanding performance of our colleagues at Zoetis and the essential value we are providing our customers. 
At Zoetis, we've stayed very responsive to the needs of our colleagues and customers throughout the year.
We've prioritized their health and safety while also ensuring that a consistent and reliable supply of products is getting to the clinics, farms and pet owners who need them. Our global supply chain and manufacturing operations are running well with safety and quality as our top priority, and we've maintained operations at normal capacity and with no loss output. 
As we look ahead, we're fortifying our network of suppliers and building inventory levels while also planning further contingencies for supply and distribution in the months ahead.
Our R&D programs also remained on track despite the pandemic challenges, and our field force has been very adaptive to the changing protocols, lockdowns and customer needs in various markets. 
Thankfully, our purpose, caring for healthier animals and a healthier world, has never been more important, apparent and appreciated.
Thanks to the resilience of our customers and the commitment of our colleagues, we were able to generate better-than-expected results in the third quarter. Our diverse and innovative portfolio has been driving growth this quarter with companion animal products up 20% operationally and livestock product sales up 9% operationally.
Our newest parasiticides, including Simparica Trio, REVOLUTION PLUS and ProHeart 12 led the way again along with vaccines, key dermatology products and our diagnostics portfolio, including reference labs. 
The third quarter also benefited from sales growth in the U.S. cattle market and China swine market. 
As a result of the sales growth and target investments, we delivered adjusted net income growth of 20% operationally for the third quarter. 
Reflecting at our 9-month performance and despite expectations for a more modest fourth quarter, we are increasing our revenue and adjusted net income guidance for the full year. Glenn will provide more details around guidance updates in his remarks. 
This year has shown once again that animal health is a steady and reliable sector even in times of economic hardship. The world's fundamental need for nutrition, comfort and companionship provided by animals has proven durable and enduring over time.
In the U.S., veterinary clinic revenues for pets are increasing at double-digit rates. Pet owners are focusing again on wellness and chronic illness, not just emergency visits and acute care. While spending more time with their pets, pet owners are much more attuned to their dogs' and cats' health, observing conditions like itchiness, dermatitis and pain. While clinic visits are relatively flat in the U.S., we are actually seeing an increase in average spend per visit.
We expect to continue to see our strength coming from companion animal products, especially our parasiticides and key dermatology portfolios across global markets. 
Simparica to Trio's launch and penetration into new clinics in the U.S. and elsewhere is going well despite the headwinds of COVID-19. And we're seeing a good return to our direct-to-consumer advertising and digital campaigns for Simparica and APOQUEL.
Meanwhile, in the livestock sector, producers are adapting to the changes in their end markets for protein. And our third quarter growth was driven by increased sales in cattle, swine and fish. The spike in COVID cases, limitations on dining out and shifts in production capacities will continue to make livestock a longer-term recovery story that may vary by region and species, another reason our diverse portfolio and global footprint is such an advantage. 
Looking ahead, we have stayed focused on advancing our 5 key priorities: drive innovative growth, enhance customer experience, lead in digital and data analytics, cultivate a high-performing organization and champion a healthier and more sustainable future. Throughout the year, we have stayed on track with our execution and investments in these areas, supported by a strong cash position and clear strategy.
In the third quarter, we achieved an important milestone for our pipeline for pain management in pets. As you know, there's been limited innovation in this area over the last 20 years and we're excited by the potential of monoclonal antibodies or mAbs to be the next breakthrough in long-term pain management.
We've been building on our research and leadership in monoclonal antibodies for several years and gave valuable experience in the development and launch of our dermatology product, CYTOPOINT in 2016. In September, Zoetis received a positive opinion on our latest mAb, Librela, from the committee for veterinary medicinal products in Europe.
Upon full approval by the European Commission, the Librela will be the first injectable monoclonal antibody licensed for alleviation of pain associated with osteoarthritis in dogs. The European Commission approval is anticipated later this year with a potential launch in the first half of 2021.
We have additional regulatory submissions for Librela under review by health authorities in the United States, Latin America and Asia Pacific. And we are progressing with similar regulatory reviews for monoclonal antibody therapy that can help manage osteoarthritis pain in cats, a condition that is vastly under-diagnosed or treated in cats today. 
We also continue to bring our leading product into new markets. On the companion animal side, Simparica was recently approved in China and CYTOPOINT and REVOLUTION PLUS gained approvals in additional markets in Asia and Latin America, respectively. And in livestock, received approval in Japan for 2 of our leading swine vaccines, Fostera Gold PCV MH and Fostera Gold PCV, all great examples of how we build and expand our innovation-based franchises.
Last quarter, I previewed our latest diagnostics innovation, VetScan Imagyst, which features a cloud-based artificial intelligence platform. Since then, we have launched it in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, the U.K. and the U.S. and customers have been enthusiastic about its potential to simplify point-of-care workloads and improve the consistency of results.
And finally, we remain committed to creating a healthier and more sustainable world through our work as a leader in animal health. We've been formalizing our strategy this year and look forward to sharing baseline metrics that are aligned with leading ESG reporting standards before the end of this month.
Now let me hand it off to Glenn, who will speak more about our third quarter results and updated guidance for the full year.

Sure. I'll build on the profile for the mAbs. As we talked about, we did get the positive CVMP opinion on Librela. We are expecting an approval later this year with the hope of launching that in the first half of 2021. I know we'll probably get a question why first half? It really depends, is it February, March, it will be around that time frame. Remember, International has an earlier quarter. So we will see -- start to see a ramp on that product in 2021. We are still expecting approval of the cat pain product, [indiscernible], in 2021 as well. We'll probably see approval of those in the U.S. in the later end of next year. So just to give you a sense of just where we see those revenues ramping, both cat and dog in the U.S. and EU.

Thanks, Mike. I'll start on the COVID recovery question. I think what you clearly saw in Q3 was a significant rebound in companion animal to people going back to vet business. But really, the big growth driver there wasn't really an increase in vet visits from 2019. Maybe there's an increase from Q2 to Q3. It was really increased spend per visit, which we think is a trend that will continue. As long as people spend more time at home with their pets, they are noticing more and more things are getting diagnosed, as well as increased use of diagnostics. And that is really, we believe, definitely U.S. trends, but we also believe a global trend there. So we think companion animal will continue to do well.
I think in the remarks, what we had alluded to was that specifically U.S. cattle where we saw real -- in Q2 a significant dip, people not wanting to hold too many inventories. In Q3, it was just more of a return to -- normalizing that. But the other trend was really the move, and it wasn't COVID related, just weather related, moving of the fall run.
So overall from a COVID recovery, I don't think there's any pent-up demand that we're processing anymore. I think things have largely stabilized. Obviously, when you see the number of cases increasing in the U.S. and globally, that's right now baked into the guidance we've given you assuming that things don't get remarkably worse or remarkably better. But I think all that's sort of baked in. 
And as we look into next year, I think it's a little too early for us to really tell exactly what that's going to look like. But I think the key message for us, as you look at our performance and our guidance for the year, is that we've been an incredibly resilient and essential business and that has really been great for our customers, for our colleagues and for our shareholders.

Thanks, David. I'll start with we're not anticipating any combination -- competition in the U.S. this year or in the first half of next year. As we've talked about many times, we don't have phenomenal intelligence the same way human health does, but we continue to believe that. And to build up on Glenn's comments, as a result, we are investing heavily behind this product in DTC to gain market share as quickly as we can.
As we look at sort of the growth, Glenn also mentioned in his remarks that the penetration of clinic is improving, but probably not as great as we would have wanted, given the difficulty in detailing the product in person. However, where we have penetrated, the sales have been much higher. And honestly, we've been cannibalizing Simparica much less than we expected. And we're really seeing is an overall bringing more people in. 
If you look at flea, tick, heartworm, really only 10% of people who are even taking it are 100% compliant. So we think there remains a significant opportunity for us. And again, we have a strong franchise here across parasiticides and flea, tick, heartworm. And as Glenn also mentioned, we had a 6% share gain in the overall category, which I think is really impressive. So whether that's Simparica, Simparica Trio or ProHeart 6 or ProHeart 12, we believe we have the portfolio for our customers no matter where they are in the country, how they practice or what their pet owners' needs are. 
So we continue to believe there'll be strong growth there, and we're going to invest behind this brand next year while we remain the only triple combination in the U.S.

Sure. So thanks, Nathan. I'll start on just looking at the overall market for pain, starting with the relevance, it will probably be our first approval there at least in Europe. Pain right now in dogs is around a $400 million market, but there hasn't been significant innovation in that space. And although we do not yet have a label for our product, we believe that a monoclonal antibody will have a strong efficacy as well as safety profile. And we think that we've demonstrated, certainly in derm, our ability to grow the market to really raise awareness, bringing innovation in, brings new customers in and new options. So we do really believe we can continue to do that. 
If you look at it today, there's about 165 million dogs across the EU and the U.S. and about 40% of them will get OA. And right now, depending on whether in the U.S. or Europe, really diagnosis is somewhere between 25% and 40%. So we do believe there's a significant opportunity to both grow the market as well as bring people in and better diagnose that to really help that. That's really where we see our -- the market on dog. 
If you focus on cat, we think there's an even bigger market here mostly because many cats are not medicalized today. There are 160 million cats, about 40% of them as well have OA. But here, you're really seeing, whether you're in the U.S. or the EU, only about 14% of them being diagnosed. And in the U.S., there really is not an alternative. There really is no pain product for cats. There are a few options in Europe. But we really see this as a significant opportunity and ability to grow the medicalization of cats and really to diagnose pain and to treat it. So we've demonstrated certainly in dermatology our ability to create and to grow markets. And we very much believe across both Librela and [indiscernible] in dog and cat that we will have the opportunity to do that.
We are not expecting competition at this point, certainly in 2021 from what we understand in this market. So we do believe it's our ability to continue to drive growth and really provide new opportunities for both vets and pet owners to treat pain.

Thanks, Ekaterina. What I think we've demonstrated is that overall animal health, and more specifically, pet care is a very resilient industry. And I think what we -- what's probably been a little bit different in COVID, in a pandemic and certainly an economic challenges, people are adopting more pets. And more importantly, they're spending more time at home with those pets. So in a typical year, in the U.S., you'll see about 3.2 million adoptions. We don't have great data yet on what the increase is, but I think anecdotally, no matter where you sit, everyone has a new dog or cat in your neighborhood. So we're definitely seeing, as you look at our vaccine sales, certainly an increase in some of these areas. 
But I really think what's changing is dogs are becoming a greater part of the family. People are spending more time at home. I don't think that's going to change overnight. And therefore, they're noticing more conditions with their dogs. They're also spending more time at home, seeing our ads and realizing that they're -- if they have a dog who's sick, there is a product for that. 
So I don't think that trend -- maybe it was more accelerated this year, but I think those dogs and cats are here to stay. I think people will change their behaviors, and some of them, I think, around spending more time with the comfort, be it emotional or otherwise, of pets will continue. 
And as you look at Europe, your question with regards to COVID in Europe, the data in Europe, as you know, is not as reliable and -- as in the U.S. There's not as many comprehensive data sources. But what we're hearing anecdotally is our customers figured out in Q2 how to continue to see pets through curbside check-ins, and that really hasn't changed. They figured out how to operate, given they're an essential business and we really don't -- we have not seen so far any significant changes. Obviously, there's incremental lockdowns being announced [indiscernible] last 24 to 48 hours in Italy and other places. 
But as you look at our guidance for the year, unless it gets significantly worse, we think that's baked in. And I think if you look at what we've learned between Q2 and Q3, we think that our customers will be able to manage well as we move into 2021, certainly on the pet care side, to manage continuing to see pets and to diagnose them either through telemedicine or through curbside check-in.  So we do believe the trends there are resilient.

Sure. I'll start on the diagnostic, on Imagyst. We are very pleased with how that's going. As you know, the first indication for the Imagyst, which is an AI-driven diagnostic, is in fecal. That's about a $500 million market, growing about 7%. People are excited at the opportunity for this technology and certainly for additional indications. So we are on track there, and I think we're very pleased with this progress. And given the positive receptivity to it, we are accelerating our investments to bring new indications overall there. 
And as you look at poultry, certainly in the U.S., there is definitely a rotation, which we always talk about, that was definitely a driver in the quarter and I think you'll see again moving into Q4. It's also potentially one of the reasons we guided where we did on livestock overall in Q4. 
Obviously, there's the overall impact to all of the livestock sectors of COVID and less consumption and more dine-in versus dine out. But poultry specifically, it was more around the rotation there.

Sure. I'll start and I'll let Glenn build on this. We were very pleased, obviously, with the growth in China and really the balance between companion animal and livestock there. Certainly, on the livestock side, we are seeing a faster-than-we-expected growth coming back from ASF. But really with the large integrated producers, there's still a significant ASF challenge there. But given the biosecurity of some of them, we are seeing significant growth there. 
And in companion animal, similar to some trends of other places, just great growth across the portfolio and strong performance there, certainly on REVOLUTION, launching RIMADYL, just now getting the approval on Simparica. It's more a timing of regulatory on Trio there, but I'll let Glenn get into some specifics on the numbers and the growth.

Sure. So digging in -- first of all, Kathy, great to hear from you. As we look at the pain market for dogs, it's $400 million. If you look at the number of dogs, the EU has 90 million and the U.S. has 75 million. And as you look at -- the 40% prevalence of OA is the same across. But in the U.S., really, it's only diagnosed about 28% versus 50% in the EU. 
The only thing we've learned with new technologies is that given we can do direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S., we tend to be able to ramp faster to peak sales when we're launching new technologies in the U.S. than we are able to do in Europe just given we can't do direct-to-consumer advertising that's brand-specific.
So I do think as we look at how fast can you ramp up that market in Europe, it will be slower than the U.S., what we have in U.S. just given the history. And ultimately, I think we'll do well there. But I think it is a little slower, I would say, overall there. 
And your second question was around -- what was it?

Okay.

And the other thing I'll say, we're still looking at not having competition until, at the earliest, the second half of next year. So we're going to obviously continue to try to grow those as fast as we can and gain market share.

Sure. Starting on DRAXXIN, it's a little bit hard to tell you exactly what we think the destocking will be. I think given the expectation for many of our customers that they will see significant new generic entrants, I'm sure they will think differently about building inventories ahead of normally what is our price increases in Q1, and that was sort of what Glenn was alluding to earlier.
Obviously, we have a robust defense plan for DRAXXIN. It's an important product. We still have, given its high margin, significant pricing leverage here. But obviously, we anticipate that some of our customers who would normally stock up at the end of the year ahead of the price increase will not be doing so there.
And how high can medicalization rates get for OA? I mean you'd love to believe that all those dogs would be diagnosed. I don't think you're going to really ever get to that exact number. But we try to look at our ability, for example, in derm to try to do that. 
So we do think there's a significant opportunity, both because they're bringing innovation and we also believe that the anticipated potential safety profile of a mAb we'll bring more people out that are struggling certainly on the dog side, but definitely on the cat side as well. 
So I think it's a little too early to say exactly where you can go, but there's a significant opportunity. And we've demonstrated before that we've been able to grow markets as we've entered them with new innovative technologies.

Okay. Well, thank you all for your questions and continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping you updated on our business and continuing to deliver the results and innovations that you and our customers expect for us. Stay well. Thanks so much.