Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results demonstrate many of the competitive advantages that have made Zoetis the world leader in animal's health. We have been able to deliver steady and reliable financial results for our investors since 2013, consistently growing our revenue faster than the market and growing our adjusted net income faster than revenue each year. It is a track record, driven by lean innovation, a diverse and a durable portfolio and a clear strategy that begins and ends with our customers, their success and the health of their animals. 
Over the last few years, we have consistently brought new innovation to market from our R&D labs, most notably in dermatology, parasiticides and vaccines with products like Apoquel and Cytopoint, Simparica, Revolution Plus and Stronghold Plus and various new vaccines in our Fostera, Suvaxyn and Vanguard product lines. 
We invest significantly in our productive R&D and rely on the support of our commercial, manufacturing and supply chain teams to maximize the growth of our products and services. We also invest internally and externally to maintain the most diverse and durable portfolio in the animal health industry. This approach has helped us perform well even in the face of shifting weather patterns, changing market conditions and the impact that emerging businesses have on our customers.
Recent external investment in diagnostic nutritionals and digital solutions kept us evolving in line with market trends while enhancing the integrated solutions we offer to our customers, at the same time, better supporting our medicines and vaccine portfolio. This consistent performance is made possible by the outstanding, talented and dedicated Zoetis colleagues that execute our plans and growth strategies. 
Turning now to our financials. We continue our strong performance through the first half of the year with 14% of rational revenue growth in the second quarter. Diagnostic sales from the Abaxis acquisition accounted for 5 percentage points of that overall growth. Our companion animal portfolio is continuing its positive momentum with 22% operational revenue growth based on diagnostic sales from the Abaxis acquisition, strong sales of our key dermatology products and parasiticides. 
As we anticipated, livestock product sales returned to growth in the second quarter at 3% operationally with increases across all species. Poultry products led the way, growing 15% operationally, and this was partially offset by more modest growth in the fish, cattle and swine, which was impacted by African swine fever in China. As we indicated last quarter, African swine fever remains a major factor for the overall industry growth in 2019, and industry forecasts expect the animal health industry to grow around 4% compared to 5.6% in 2018. We believe our diverse portfolio across species, geographies and therapeutic areas will help us once again to grow revenues faster than the market in 2019.
In terms of profitability, we grew our adjusted net income by 17% operationally in the second quarter and generated our highest growth margin ever. Looking at the rest of the year. We are confident in our latest innovation and core business to generate that growth. And we have increased our full year guidance for 2019 based on the positive momentum of our companion animal portfolio and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of portfolio exchange rates. 
As we look ahead, we are making good progress with innovation and investment that will generate our future growth. In July, Zoetis received a positive opinion from the European Medicines Agency for our 3-way combination parasiticide products. This decision brings Zoetis and veterinarians one-step closer to offering pet owners a new choice in the prevention of heartworm disease and long worm while also treating the fleas and ticks and gastrointestinal worms. We look forward to a final decision from the European Commission later this year. 
Regulatory reviews for the 3-way combination are also underway in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Brazil and Japan with further solution expected in China and Mexico this year. If approved, Zoetis anticipates this product coming to market in the first quarter of 2020. Once we have our final label approved, we'll be able to share more insights on our market expectation for this triple-combination product. It is fair to say that we expect this product to be a significant entrant in the more than $4 billion global canine parasiticide market. 
In other parasiticide news, in July, we gained U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval of ProHeart 12, the industry's only 1-year injection to prevent heartworm disease in dogs from 1 year of age and older. We are steadily building an innovative and fresh portfolio of parasiticides that will give veterinarians a range of choices for dogs and cats. Simparica, Revolution Plus, ProHeart 12 and 6 and the anticipated triple-combination products, once approved, will make us even more competitive and able to challenge today's market leaders in parasiticides. We are sustaining and expanding our portfolio in an area where Zoetis was underrepresented historically. 
In the area of monoclonal antibodies, we are the industry leader in innovation with our groundbreaking dermatology product, Cytopoint, and we continue to advance our pipeline in other areas like pain. I am pleased to announce that we have filed in the U.S. and EU for a new monoclonal antibody candidate to control pain associated with osteoarthritis in cats, and we expect approval in 2021. 
To support these new companion animal products coming through our pipeline and to maximize sales of our current portfolio, including diagnostics, we have already added additional field force resources in international markets, and we are beginning to expand our field force in the U.S. 
In the second quarter, on the livestock side, we have expanded our Fostera swine vaccine franchise with approvals of different formulations in new geographies. For example, Fostera Gold PCV MH was approved in Brazil. This vaccine, which is now commercially available in the U.S., Canada and several other markets, provides the livestock farmers with the greater options and flexibility in protecting pigs from PCV2 and M. hyo. And Fostera PCV, a single-dose vaccine that aids in the prevention of PCV2, was approved in China. 
We also combine our internal innovation approach with external collaborations. In line with that, we recently signed an important R&D agreement with Colorado State University to establish a research lab there. Our teams will explore the livestock immune system and target the discovery of new immunotherapies that could pave the way for alternatives to antibiotics in food production animals. 
We'll also continue to support future growth through business development activities. In July, we announced plans to acquire Platinum Performance, a privately held, nutrition-focused animal health company that is highly regarded in the equine community. Platinum features premium nutritional product formulas and a unique approach to the field of scientific wellness for horses as well as dogs and cats. The expansion in nutritionals will further strengthen our portfolio in the equine and pet care markets, and it aligns well with Zoetis, increasing focus on health and wellness as part of the continuum of animal care. We expect that decision to be completed in the third quarter of this year after meeting customary closing conditions. Our plan is to expand the Platinum Performance equine business to the U.S. field force, accelerate the growth in its pet care formulas with veterinarians and pet owners through our digital marketing capabilities and evaluate international expansion opportunities over the long term.
Finally, in closing, we remain on track for a strong year based on our diverse portfolio, and we are making important progress in key areas such as parasiticides, vaccine, monoclonal antibodies, diagnostics and digital and data analytics, areas where we see both near- and long-term growth opportunities. 
I will now hand the call over to Glenn. Glenn?

Thank you, Kevin, and let me go to the different questions that you have asked. In terms of the African swine fever, we expect minimal impact in terms of additional revenue generated in Europe and other markets this year. As we have explained, it will take some time to build the infrastructure to increase the number of pigs for potential export to China. We see Europe, Brazil as the main markets for this type of exportation to China, but we are not expecting a significant impact of that expansion in 2019. Definitely, in 2020, 2021, it will be time for producers to expand their operations and then potentially export to China. 
In terms of the submission on SIMPARICA TRIO in other markets like Brazil, Canada, Japan, well, it's work in progress. In Canada, we have already filed all the submission. In some other markets, we are now progressing the submission. And what we expect also SIMPARICA TRIO to be approved in Europe around September, October. What we got now is the several opinion from the European Medicines Agency. Now the European Commission is expected to approve the product September, October. And then we expect to bring this product into the market in the first half of -- in the first quarter of 2020.

You are correct, Jon. So we have filed for cats, and we are in the process of filing also for dogs. We expect the product for cats, the monoclonal antibody for cats to be approved earlier than that for dogs. And we expect that approval in 2021. And Glenn will cover the questions on OpEx and the growth rate moving forward.

Thank you, Louise. On the Nexvet portfolio, the monoclonal antibody that we mentioned that we have filed for cats is coming from the Nexvet portfolio, while, for dogs, we have multiple products and we'll be really submitting or filing the best of what we think will be meeting the requirements of the market. 
And in terms of ProHeart 12, definitely, we see opportunities to expand the market with ProHeart 12. Part of the sales will be cannibalizing ProHeart sales, but also at the same time, gaining share in the heartworm market. And also, we need to consider the opportunities of ProHeart 12 also with the future launch of the 3-way combination that will be included also the same indications of ProHeart 12, plus the protection for ticks and fleas.

Let me start with the question on Chewy and also some other alternatives channels. Definitely, pet owners are also now buying animal health medicines through these new channels, mainly oral medicines for chronic treatment and parasiticides. Our products are available in these new channels but always with veterinary prescription behind when it's a prescription product. We definitely see this new challenge -- new channels expanding the market and, at the same time, the opportunity also to increase compliance. So we think that this can be definitely positive for the animal health industry. And we think that, at the same time also, we'll be continuing working with veterinarians to ensure that they remain at the center of any health care decisions. 
In terms of the field force expansion, I will provide some rationale for this expansion, and then I will ask Glenn to go into some further details. So just to remember that in recent years, we refer to our portfolio, Apoquel, Cytopoint, Simparica and all these products are reaching blockbuster sales and without any significant modification in most of the markets in terms of the field force. Last year, with acquisition of Abaxis, we expanded our portfolio to diagnostics. We incorporated the Abaxis field force in the U.S., and in 2019, we have been also expanding diagnostic field force in international markets. In 2019, we have continued adding new products in companion animal, Revolution Plus at the end of the year, then ProHeart 12 in July and with expected launch of the 3-way combination in 2020. And in 2021, monoclonal antibodies to manage pain in cats and future also in dogs. We have decided that it was needed to expand our field force in the U.S., not only in face of these new product launches, but also to maximize the current portfolio that now also includes diagnostics. And we expect to adding these additional resources in 2019 and 2020. At the same time, we are also adding additional expertise and investment in new distribution channels and also in direct-to-consumer programs. 
Now -- I would like now Glenn to provide some details of this investment.

I will answer Abaxis, and then Glenn will lead to the details of the Q2 and also the pricing. And also, he will provide some comments on the Abaxis performance in Q1, Q2 and what we expect for the future. 
We start saying that we consider 2019 for Abaxis as a year in we are setting ourselves for future growth. We are expanding the field force in international markets, to ensure that we have the resources to generate future revenues. We are also integrating the field force in the U.S. with our core field force, and this is something that is already done. And we're also working to make sure that we have the connectivity with all the [ equipments with effective lines ] in the system that we expect to finalize at the end of 2019. We also -- we have plans that in the first quarter of 2020, we'll have also integrated all the systems, and this will facilitate the integration of the portfolio and offering much more integrated offers to our customers. 
So we are convinced that we are now setting all the elements for future success, and this will be something that will be generating growth in the future as well as growth in 2019. 
Glenn, do you mind covering the additional comments on Abaxis performance and also the comments on price?

Well, we expect 2020 go back to normal growth rates even if the situation in China, because of the African swine fever, will not resolve, we expect still in 2020, China continues suffering because of this outbreak. But we see other markets expanding production. 
And then in terms of comparison to 2019, we expect higher growth in livestock and also continue with the growth for companion animals. So definitely, we expect 2020 back to normal growth rates of 5% to 6%.

Well, as you said, we expect the new combination product in Europe competing with NexGard Spectra. Maybe the incidence of heartworm in Europe is much lower than in the U.S., so the resistance are completely different. And that's the real opportunity for the 3-way combination product is in the U.S. in where we expect now to be first to the market because NexGard Spectra or other competitors are not announcing a launch soon. So definitely, we see a significant opportunity to gain share in the U.S. Also, we expect that our portfolio will be even stronger in Europe, and this will also -- we'll have the opportunity to generate growth.
In terms of other opportunities in the pipeline, well, I think, we are very pleased with all the products that we are now announcing, the 3-way combo, Europe, the U.S., following the other markets also Canada, Japan, Brazil. We also expect the monoclonal antibodies for cats in Europe and the U.S. coming in 2021. And following that, we expect also monoclonal antibodies for dogs and definitely, we'll continue working on bringing new vaccines into the market. So we are convinced that we have a very robust pipeline that will ensure our future growth in-line and products in the market.

Thank you for the question, Dave. So definitely, the cat market, it's a market that will need to develop. But pain exists in cats, and this is something that today, we have not valid solutions to manage pain in cats. We know that there are 2 elements that we need to consider. First, the number of cats is lower than dogs. And also, the number of medicalized cats is lower than the number of medicalized dogs. But having said that, we expect the more current product for cats becoming a blockbuster for Zoetis. It will take maybe some years to fully develop the market, but we are convinced that we'll be bringing unmet need, and the opportunity will be significant. 
We expect in terms of the ProHeart 12 cannibalization from ProHeart 6, but what we see is that now Zoetis will be offering to veterinarians all range of solutions for ticks, fleas and internal parasiticides and will be for veterinarians also to decide what is the best for their dogs to use ProHeart 12 in combination with Simparica, to use the 3-way combination product, what they think is the best for protecting the animals. So even if there will be cannibalization, I think here, what we need to consider is what will be the opportunity of this complete portfolio in terms of parasiticides.

I will respond to your question, and then Glenn will cover the margin trends and also the expenses that will be seen in future years. In terms of TRIO, as you know, Chris, in our industry, there's not too much visibility in terms of the progress that competitors are making in their pipelines. We know that in the U.S., FDA is requiring 100% protection against heartworm, and we know that, so far, it seems that the 3-way combination of Zoetis is only one showing this type of efficacy. Other competitors, maybe they will also be facing some challenge because they have products protecting against ticks and fleas for 2 or 3 months and then heartworm with 1 month. And then combining a product with different timing also can be challenging. The timing of competition, it's unknown to us, but we are confident that being first to market will represent an opportunity to gain share in the parasiticides segment. Glenn?

Liav, on the 3-way combination product, it's probably a little bit too early to define the uptake. At first, we need to ensure that we have authority on the label, and this is something that is still work in progress. One, we have the label, and then we also have the exact timing of the launch. We will provide maybe how much we expect adoption of this new product into the market. And different launch in January and February or March, and this is something that we don't have certainly of the timing of the launch. And also, we need to still get the approval of the final label. 
Poultry, it's an area that has been performing extremely well for Zoetis. We expect that poultry will continue -- as a market segment, will be continue growing faster than the average of the animal health industry and will be growing in line with this growth. For us, poultry, it's an area in where we are investing also in R&D. And we expect to bring new products into the market starting in 2020. That will be new vaccines with the vector technology that initially will be introduced in the U.S. and then later in European markets and other international countries. And definitely, it will be shortage of pork availability in the world. And as we see the consumption of animal proteins continue growing, consumers that will need to move, maybe to more chicken, even more beef and maybe, well, at least in some countries like China, some limitations in terms of pork consumption. But definitely, poultry is an area of investment. We have very strong portfolio of vaccines, and again, so we'll be planning to launch vector vaccines in 2020 or 2021. 
And finally, we are also combining our presence with medicated feed additives with vaccines, also with a very strong portfolio in terms of devices. We have the Inovoject, which is something that is having significant value in the hatchery and other segments of poultry. And we also introduced a product for automation in 2018 and 2019.

So let's answer the question on Apoquel, and then we'll move to African swine fever. And...

And the impact of African swine fever?

Okay. So then in terms of the update of the African swine fever, well, we expect that there will be some opportunities for other markets to supply to China. We also expect that -- we are not expecting a new vaccine for African swine fever soon, but we are working on developing this vaccine in collaboration with the U.S. and other international centers. 
And in terms of trade, we see trade impacting agriculture in the U.S. We have seen also that China would not be buying pork from the U.S. But it's also true that they will be buying from other markets, and maybe other markets also will be buying from the U.S. So we are not, at this point, too much concerned about the impact of the trade in the pork industry. The pork industry has been very limited in terms of exportations to China. I think it's something that is less than 20% of the total exportations of pork to international markets to China. So definitely, it's an impact, but it's an impact, which is manageable. But we expect, and we hope that, finally, the U.S. and China will find an agreement that will eliminate all of these tensions.

So let's start with the gross margin. Glenn?

When I look at the macro trends in the U.S. for cattle, we are expecting dairy prices to increase in the second half. It will probably take longer. So we continue seeing weaknesses in the dairy business coming forward. It will be something that, over time, will be adjusted. Now they will be adjusting production. And then in the next cycle, prices will be increasing, and then the opportunity for a gain in daily expansion. 
In terms of beef in the U.S., there are 2 elements that have been impacting the performance. And first has been the weather, very cold winter; and then second, very wet spring. And this has been delaying the movement of animals from pasture to the feedlot. And they are moving animals, which are heavier. Heavier animals also are stronger in terms of protection against diseases. And we see that the cattle market, the beef cattle market in their efforts been slower than expected. We expect some recovery in the second half, although we expect that in the U.S., the cattle will be showing very modest growth, and Zoetis will be growing in line with this growth.

I don't believe that this will have an impact. The growth of the population, the increase on middle-class, it's increasing so much the demand that we needed many different sources of feeding the population. To me, that's demand. And this will be, as we have seen in other cases, an alternative for people that prefer not to eat animal proteins, but still, the demand for the consumption of poultry, chicken, beef, eggs, dairy will remain very strong. And I will also add fish to this list. So I don't expect that the animal health industry will be impacted because of this alternative, but this definitely will offer to consumer's options for their diet, which, in my opinion, is always a positive. 
So thank you very much for joining us today. And well, as I said, we had a very strong quarter. We have also increased our guidance, which is showing the confidence that we have in the performance of our portfolio. And additionally, we also share with you the good news of our pipeline and how this pipeline that will be reaching the market in the next coming years.
Thank you very much for your attention.