Well, thank you very much, Craig, and I'd like to also extend my welcome to all of you here on the phone today. And hopefully, it's not too late for me to wish you and your family is all a Happy New Year. 
I also want to just express my wishes that everybody here on the call together with your family, your friends and your colleagues are all managing to stay safe and healthy, in particular, amidst the Omicron wave that's occurring in many areas of the country. 
As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our fourth quarter and, in particular, our full year achievements. I'll discuss our trends and progress across our served markets, and then I'll make a few comments on our outlook in the first quarter. And of course, we'll have time for Q&A thereafter. 
With respect to the fourth quarter, we're truly proud to have finished the year with record sales and adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter, both of which were significantly above the guidance that we gave just 90 days ago. Sales grew by a very strong 25% in U.S. dollars and in local currencies reaching a new record of $3.27 billion. 
On an organic basis, our sales increased by 18%, driven in particular by robust growth in the IT datacom, mobile networks, industrial and automotive end markets. And I'll talk to each of those markets here in a moment. 
The company booked a record $3.278 billion in orders in the fourth quarter which represented another strong book-to-bill of 1.08:1. Despite the many operational challenges we and others continue to face, including ongoing cost increases related to commodities, supply chain and other pressures, our adjusted operating margins in the quarter reached a very strong 20.1%. 
Adjusted diluted EPS was a new record $0.70 and represented a robust growth of 23% from prior year, an excellent demonstration of our organization's continued strong execution. And as Craig mentioned, we generated record operating and free cash flow in the quarter of $464 million and $379 million, respectively, both of which are clear reflection of the quality of the company's earnings. 
Just at the end of this quarter, I'm extremely proud of our team. As this quarter's results once again reflect the discipline and the agility of our entrepreneurial organization who continue to perform very well amidst a very challenging environment. 
We're also very pleased that in the quarter, we announced on December 1, the acquisition of Halo Technology Limited for a purchase price of approximately $715 million. Halo is a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components for the communications infrastructure markets with expected sales this year of approximately $250 million. 
Payless product offerings are highly complementary to our existing high-speed and fiber optic interconnect solutions and represent a significant long-term growth opportunity for Amphenol, in particular with customers in our IT datacom, mobile networks and broadband markets. 
We're especially excited that Halo significantly bolsters our position in active fiber optic interconnect products, which is a technology with truly high-growth potential as customers around the world are upgrading their networks to support the acceleration of high-speed data traffic. 
Halo is an agile supplier of these important products to a wide variety of customers across these communications infrastructure markets, whose unique technology and service offering enable them to realize strong operating results. I'm just very excited to welcome the highly talented and entrepreneurial Halo team to the Amphenol family and look forward to great things from them in the future. 
We also announced on December 1, the closing of the sale of the MTS Test & Simulation business to Illinois Tool Works or ITW. We remain extremely pleased with the entirety of the MTS acquisition, which as you'll all recall, was announced last year in the fourth quarter, meaning 2020. 
With the disposition of Test & Simulation to ITW, we have now acquired one of the leading sensor companies in the industry, further strengthening our broad offering of high-technology sensors. We're very proud of the performance of the MTS sensors team during their first 3 quarters as part of the Amphenol family, and we look forward to them driving outstanding value for many years to come. 
I remain very confident that our acquisition program will continue to create great value for the company. And in fact, our ability to identify and execute upon acquisitions and then to successfully bring these new companies into Amphenol remains a core competitive advantage for the company. 
Now turning to the full year of 2021. I can just say it was an extremely successful year for Amphenol despite the many operational and cost challenges that we faced. We expanded our position in the overall market, growing sales by a very strong 26% in U.S. dollars and 18% organically reaching a new sales record of $10.876 billion. 
I would just note that, in fact, over the past 2 years, both of which have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we've grown our sales by more than 32% from our 2019 levels, which is a great confirmation of the value of the company's diversification and the agility of our management team in every environment. 
Our full year 2021 adjusted operating margins reached 20%, which was an increase of 80 basis points from last year from 2020 despite the multiple pressures on margins that we experienced around the world. And this strong level of profitability enabled us to achieve record adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.48. 
We generated operating and free cash flow of $1.524 billion and $1.167 billion, respectively, again, excellent confirmations of the company's superior execution and disciplined working capital management. We also put that cash to work with our acquisition program that created great value in 2021 with 7 new companies added to the Amphenol family. 
MTS Sensors, Halo, Positronic, El-Cab, Unlimited Services, Cablecon and Euromicron, have collectively expanded our position across a broad array of technologies and markets while bringing outstanding and talented individuals into the Amphenol family and thereby strengthening our organization. We're excited that these acquisitions represent expanded platforms for the company's future performance. 
In addition, as Craig noted, in 2021, we bought back over 9.3 million shares under our share buyback program and increased our quarterly dividend by 38% representing a total return of capital to shareholders of just over $1 billion for the year. So while there continues to be a high level of volatility in the overall environment in 2021, as we enter 2022, our agile entrepreneurial management team is confident that we have built further strength from which we can drive superior long-term performance. 
Now let me turn to the performance of the company across our served markets. And I would just note that we remain very pleased that the company's balanced and broad end-market diversification continues to create value for Amphenol with no single end market representing more than 25% of our sales in 2021, and that market, industrial, being really one of our most diversified markets across the segments within industrial. 
We believe that this diversification mitigates the impact of the volatility of individual end markets while continuing to expose us to the leading technologies wherever they may arise across the electronics industry. 
Now turning to the military market. Military represented 10% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 11% of our sales for the full year of 2021. Our sales grew from prior year by 6% in U.S. dollars in the fourth quarter as we benefited from acquisitions. 
On an organic basis, our sales did moderate by about 4% driven by reduced sales related to airframe applications and ground vehicles. Sequentially, our sales increased slightly as we had expected coming into the quarter. For the full year 2021, sales to the military market grew by 13% in U.S. dollars and 4% organically, reflecting our leading market position and strong execution across virtually all segments of the military market, together with the benefits of the MTS Sensors and Positronic acquisitions completed earlier in the year. 
Looking ahead, we expect sales in the first quarter to increase slightly from these fourth quarter levels and we continue to be excited by the strength of the company's position in the military market. As militaries around the world continue to accelerate their adoption of next-generation technologies, our industry-leading breadth of high-technology Interconnect and Sensor products positions the company strongly across essentially all major defense programs, and this gives us confidence for our long-term performance. 
The commercial aerospace market represented 2% of our sales in the fourth quarter and as well for the full year of 2021. Sales in the quarter grew 27% in U.S. dollars and 6% organically as we benefited from the beginnings of a recovery in procurement to support growing aircraft production as well as from the contributions from our recent acquisitions. Sequentially, we're very pleased that our sales grew a robust 15% from the third quarter, which was in line with our expectations coming into the quarter. 
For the full year, sales declined by 10% reflecting the significant impact of the ongoing pandemic on travel and aircraft production. Looking into -- looking into the first quarter, we expect a sequential moderation in sales from these levels. 
Regardless of the challenges in the com aero market in both 2020 and 2021, our team working in this market remains very committed to leveraging the company's strong Interconnect and Sensor technology positions across a wide array of aircraft platforms and next-generation systems integrated into those airplanes. 
As personal and business travel continues to recover from the pandemic impacted lows, we look forward to benefiting as jet manufacturers expand their production and, in turn, their procurement of our products. 
The industrial market represented 25% of our sales in the fourth quarter and for the full year, and sales in this market significantly exceeded our expectations coming into the quarter increasing by a very strong 42% in U.S. dollars and 25% organically from prior year. 
We experienced robust strength in essentially all segments of the industrial market with particular strength in battery and heavy electric vehicle, transportation, rail mass transit, factory automation, heavy equipment as well as oil and gas. On a sequential basis, our sales increased by 2%, which was significantly better than our expectation for a sequential moderation as we saw broad-based strength. 
For the full year 2021, sales in the industrial market grew by a very strong 46% in U.S. dollars and 27% organically as we saw again broad-based growth across virtually all market segments of the global industrial market. Looking to the first quarter of 2022, we do expect a sequential moderation in sales from these very strong fourth quarter sales levels. 
Our outstanding global team working in the industrial market continues to find new opportunities for growth across the many segments of this exciting market. I remain confident that our long-term strategy to expand our high-technology Interconnect antenna and sensor offerings, both organically as well as through complementary acquisitions, has positioned us to capitalize on the many revolutions happening across the industrial electronics market. We look forward to realizing the benefits of this strategy for many years to come. 
The automotive market represented 19% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 20% for the full year 2021. Sales in automotive were actually much stronger than we had anticipated coming into the quarter, with revenue growing by a very strong 18% in U.S. dollars and 16% organically versus prior year, and this was driven particularly by strength of our sales in the hybrid and electric vehicle applications as well as our sales to customers in Asia. 
Sequentially, our automotive sales increased by a very strong 10%, well above our prior expectations for a high single-digit decline as we saw strong demand from customers in anticipation of improving production volumes in the first quarter. 
For the full year 2021, our sales to the automotive market increased by a strong 47% in U.S. dollars and 41% organically, reflecting the continued recovery of the automotive market as well as our expanded position in next-generation electronics integrated into cars, including, in particular, electric and hybrid drivetrains. Looking into the first quarter, we expect a high single-digit sequential moderation in sales from these very lofty levels that we achieved in the fourth quarter. 
I remain extremely proud of our team working in the automotive market, who has demonstrated an incredible degree of agility and resiliency in both driving a significant recovery from the reduced sales levels in 2020, while also expertly navigating the myriad of supply chain challenges that struck the entire automotive industry during the course of this year. We look forward to benefiting from their efforts long into the future. 
The mobile devices market represented 14% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 12% of our sales for the full year of 2021. Our sales to mobile device customers declined from prior year by 5% and in U.S. dollars and 6% organically as declines in products incorporated into smartphones more than offset the growth that we did realize in wearable devices, laptops and tablets. 
Sequentially, our sales increased by a better-than-expected 14%, driven by higher sales to smartphones and wearable devices. For the full year 2021, sales in the mobile devices market increased by 4% in U.S. dollars and 2% organically as we benefited from growth in our products used in laptops and wearables, offset in part by a moderation of sales related to smartphones and tablets which, as you will recall, were particularly strong during 2020 with all of the work-from-home and study-from-home dynamics that were there early on in the pandemic. 
Looking into the first quarter, we anticipate a typical seasonal sequential decline of approximately 35%. While mobile devices will always remain one of our most volatile markets, our outstanding and agile team is poised as always to capture any opportunities for incremental sales that may arise in 2022 and beyond. 
Our leading array of antennas, interconnect products and mechanisms continue to enable a broad range of next-generation mobile devices, which positions us well for the long term. The mobile networks market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter and for the full year. And we're very pleased that sales in mobile networks increased from prior year by a very strong 36% in U.S. dollars and 28% organically. And this was with growth, particularly from our sales to mobile network operators in support of their next-generation 5G network buildouts. 
Sequentially, our sales increased by a higher-than-expected 7%. For the full year 2021, our sales to the mobile networks market grew by 12% from prior year and 7% organically. Looking into the first quarter of 2022, we do expect sales to moderate from these very strong levels. Our team continues to work aggressively to realize the benefits of our long-term efforts at expanding our position in next-generation 5G equipment and networks around the world. 
As customers continue to ramp up their investments into these advanced systems, we look forward to benefiting from the increased potential that comes from our unique position with both equipment manufacturers and mobile service providers. 
The information technology and data communications market represented 22% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 21% of our sales for the full year. Sales in the fourth quarter in IT datacom were much stronger than expected, rising by 53% in U.S. dollars and 49% organically from prior year as we benefited from broad-based demand for our industry-leading high-speed power and fiber optics solutions. 
While we saw strength really across server, networking and storage applications, we experienced especially robust growth from web service providers and other data center operators in the quarter. Sequentially, our sales grew by 10%, which was significantly higher than our expectations, which had been coming into the quarter of a slight decline. We do believe our sales growth benefited from some modest pull-in of demand from the first quarter as customers prepared for potential supply chain issues related to Chinese New Year. 
For the full year 2021, our sales to the IT datacom market grew by a very strong 26% in U.S. dollars and 24% organically as we continue to benefit from our strong technology solutions and leading position across a broad array of applications. 
Again, sales to web service providers were a significant contributor to our full year growth in 2021. Looking ahead, we do expect a high single-digit moderation in the first quarter, reflecting the very robust demand in the fourth quarter. Nevertheless, we're excited by our strengthened technology position especially with the addition of Halo's active and passive fiber optic interconnect products. 
I remain encouraged by the company's outstanding position in the global IT datacom market. Our OEM and service provider customers continue to drive their equipment and networks to ever-higher levels of performance in order to manage the continued dramatic increases in demand for bandwidth and processor power. We look forward to realizing the benefits of our leading position for many years to come. 
And finally, the broadband market represented 3% of our sales in the quarter and 4% for the full year sales increased by 14% in U.S. dollars and 2% organically from prior year as we benefited from increased spending by cable operators as well as the contributions from our recent acquisitions. 
On a sequential basis, sales grew by a better-than-expected 10%. For the full year 2021, sales to the broadband market grew by 9% in U.S. dollars and 1% organically. Looking ahead, we expect sales to increase in the low double digits from these levels as we benefit from the addition of Halo's product sales into the broadband market. 
We remain encouraged by the company's position with broadband customers and we look forward to continuing to support our service provider customers around the world, all of whom are working to increase their bandwidth to support the expansion of high-speed data applications to both homes and businesses. 
Now turning to our outlook. The current market environment, no doubt, remains highly uncertain with significant continuing supply chain and inflationary challenges as well as the impact of the ongoing pandemic. 
Assuming that conditions do not meaningfully worsen and also assuming constant exchange rates, for the first quarter, we expect sales in the range of $2.690 billion to $2.750 billion as well as adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.59 to $0.61. This guidance represents very strong sales growth over prior year of 13% to 16% as well as adjusted diluted EPS growth of 13% to 17% compared to the first quarter of last year. 
Finally, I just want to note, as we described in our press release, effective January 1 of this year, we have aligned our business units into 3 newly formed divisions: Harsh Environment Solutions, Communication Solutions and Interconnect and Sensor Systems. This new alignment will allow us to further scale our business beyond the $10 billion sales level that we crossed last year. Very importantly, this alignment further strengthens our unique and strong Amphenolian culture of entrepreneurship, while reinforcing the accountability of our 130 general managers around the world. We look forward to providing more detail -- financial detail about these reportable segments at the time of our April earnings release. 
I come away from this quarter still so confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to adapt to the continued challenges in the marketplace and to capitalize on the many future opportunities to grow our market position and expand our profitability. 
In addition, our entire organization remains committed to delivering long-term sustainable value, all while prioritizing the continued safety and health of each of our employees around the world. And most importantly, I'd just like to close by taking this opportunity to once again thank the entire Amphenol team, in particular, I'd like to extend my thanks to all of our factory workers around the world. While many of us have been able to work from home on occasion during these last 2 pandemic impacted years, I'm just so inspired by the dedication of our factory workers who never worked a single day at home -- and it was just a phenomenal thing to see. 
And the results that we saw in the fourth quarter really are a great credit to their and our entire Amphenol organization's dedication. 
And with that, operator, we'd be very happy to take any questions that you may have.

Yes. Well, thanks so much, Amit, and Happy New Year. Look, we don't have a perfect visibility into, as you know, our OEM customers and their warehouses and how much inventory they're holding. But there's no doubt about it that across the electronics industry, and I guess, across really all industries, customers have probably gotten a little more gun shy because of supply chain challenges. 
At the same time, I can tell you there's robust demand. And I think if you take a market like the automotive industry, as one example, try to go out and buy a car today, it's not an easy thing. I know Craig went out and recently bought a car, and he shared with me that there was nothing to buy. And the choices that one has when one is willing and ready to go out and buy something is just not there still today. 
And so whether there is a mismatch of components that ultimately is creating difficulty for our end customers to ship things and that can create some challenges across their supply chain, that may very well be. But the end demand by end consumers for things like cars, for things like semiconductors, for things like high-speed data, this end demand still seems relatively robust. 
As it relates to the channel, as you know, very well, distribution represents, for us, I think this year, it was about 17-or-so-percent of our sales, which was a little tick up from years past when it was 15%, 16%. 
And we saw very strong demand from distribution through the course of the year. And I wouldn't say that we've seen any inventory build. To the contrary, I would say that probably inventories are a little bit lighter inside distribution, reflecting the strength of the pull-through of demand. What does that mean here going into the first quarter? No doubt about it. There remains a lot of volatility. There remain a lot of supply chain challenges. But I'm sure that whatever comes along, our team is going to be very agile and nimble to jump on any opportunities to ship products like we were in the fourth quarter.

Well, Matt, thank you very much. I mean this is a question that, as you know, is very close to my heart. I mean the simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe that our unique operating model creates a competitive advantage in the marketplace because of the agility, the reactivity and the flexibility that it instills at every level of the company. 
I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have taken this step effective January 1 of creating the 3 operating divisions of the company. And the purpose of this is to ensure the long-term scalability of that unique operating model, making sure that every one of our 130 general managers around the world has -- reports to somebody who has the bandwidth to support them in every way that we need to drive collaboration, to stimulate them to exceed beyond levels that they ever thought they could do. And that is really the magic of the Amphenol operating model. 
When I joined the company 23 years ago, we were just some general managers reporting to our then CEO, Martin Loeffler. And it was -- when we were about to reach $2 billion in sales that we created the first concept of a grouping of those general managers, again, to ensure the appropriate span of control, the appropriate attention and the stimulation of all of the value that comes from inside the company. 
And that group model, we eventually became 7 operating groups. And as we have evolved, it became very clear that to continue fostering that unique operating model, we needed to create more operating groups, and I can't have 12 of them reporting to me, and that's why we create now this concept of the divisions. 
But at the end of the day, all of our jobs is to enable those 130 general managers around the world because that is ultimately what makes this company special. And why we're able to succeed in really good times and bad and in particular, in volatile times like today. 
In terms of inventory, I mean I think we're very proud of the work of our team in actually reducing our inventory in the fourth quarter, even with a 7% sequential increase in sales and bringing our inventory days basically to a normal level at the end of the year in a time period where there's so much supply chain chaos. 
And you can imagine in the first quarter that maybe days would go up with the sequential sales that we have guided. But this is a phenomenal reflection of the fact that these 130 general managers, they're not just responsible for sales. They're not just responsible for gross margin. They're responsible for the entirety of their businesses. Every line item of the P&L, every line item of the cash flow, every line item of the balance sheet, and that allows them to really perform in challenging times like today.

I mean, look, very simply put, we remain in a once-in-a-century global pandemic. I know we here live in Connecticut, where we've just gone through the Omicron wave. That Omicron wave is probably going to other places around the world, including places in which we manufacture products, and it doesn't seem prudent at this point to try to get out ahead of our skis on guessing where a pandemic is going to strike and could potentially impact our customers anywhere in the world. 
And in such an environment, we don't think it's prudent to give guidance beyond the quarter that we've given, and that includes guidance on margins, on sales by market and all the other aspects.

No. Well, number one, you have a memory like a steel trap as always. And number two, I think you essentially answered your question in certain ways here. 
Look, we organized our company not by markets. And so our 130 general managers are each responsible for a certain distinct type of product across the extraordinary array of products that we see in the Interconnect as we define broadly interconnect products from connectors to value-add cable assemblies, printed circuit assemblies to sensors, to antennas and just the tens and tens and tens of thousands of different types of products that we make. 
And ultimately, because our general managers are responsible for manufacturing and design and quality and everything, it is really a product focus that each of them have. 
And as you know, we've talked for many years that one of our strategies that has been so successful is the way that we diversify the company is we design products maybe initially for a customer in a certain market. But then we work very aggressively and collaboratively across the company to proliferate that product across all markets that we can see. 
So an example is high-speed products. Originally high-speed products were developed for IT applications, for things like core routers and the like. But as high-speed data starts to proliferate into other areas, for example, a fighter jet, now our team in high speed would work collaboratively with the team who is maybe more focused in the defense market to make sure that we're creating the broadest product offering for those customers. 
And so what that ends up meaning is that many of our general managers work across multiple markets. 
Some of them are focused, some are not, depending on the type of product. And at the end of the day, the divisions that we now will report as reportable segments, they will each sell into multiple of our markets and the markets won't map to the divisions as it were. But we'll provide disclosure on what markets are in which division. But you're going to end up finding that most of our markets are serviced by all 3 of those divisions.

And we're not going to change the transparency that we give to all of you with all of our end markets.

And then, Wamsi, relative to our pricing strategy and every customer, every market, every region, every circumstance is different. Pricing is an art. It's not a science. You can bet that every one of our 130 general managers has this at the forefront of their mind. 
We also know that we -- there are some markets where it's easier to raise price, for example, in distribution, you just sort of announced a price list increase. And there are others where it's more challenging and where you have maybe longer-term contracts or where there's just not -- people are not accustomed to the concept. 
And so there's a real process of educating customers, of being transparent with them and ultimately bringing them around to the understanding that what you're talking to them about is reasonable and especially that it's reasonable in light of your company's steadfast support for them, which is something where I think we stand on very solid ground. 
We were there for our customers through the pandemic. We were there for them when maybe others were not through the supply chain crisis. And so that -- all things being equal, should position us well to be able to ask nicely of our customers that, that would -- that they should share in that. 
Also our markets are -- have a lot of different time cycles to them. Some of them are very short-cycle markets where there's really no price change. Others are longer cycle markets. To give you a percent of all where we've been able to achieve pricing, I couldn't even do it. You know we don't have one computer system that can sort of push a button and spit that out. 
But I think we're having increasing success, Craig alluded to that as well. It's a hard job. It's a job that is ultimately the responsibility of our general managers who are best positioned to know what costs are going up and then who themselves sit in front of the customers and have those very difficult negotiations. I think we're going to continue to make good progress over the course of this year. When ultimately we "fully offset it", as Craig said, is a theoretical question, that's not so easy for us to answer.

Well, thanks so much, Steven. Good afternoon to you. And no disrespect at all taken. I think it's a very good question. Look, we come into every quarter in this very uncertain and relatively volatile environment and try to give you and our entire investor base the best assessment that we can give on the basis of what we're hearing from our customers and on the basis of how -- what we're seeing in the supply chain and our operations and all of that. 
And I think we have outperformed in industrial and IT datacom. And we were really pleasantly surprised last quarter. I mean this is a very significant outperformance that we achieved here in the fourth quarter. I think maybe a little bit less outperformance, but still very strong in the third quarter. Are we going to outperform what we've guided in the first quarter in IT datacom and industrial? 
I'm not going to say that right now, but you can imagine our team is a very hungry team, who really takes a real make-it-happen attitude and tries to do everything we can. And ultimately, their goal is not just to maximize revenues so that we can report higher revenues, but their goal is to make sure that we're there for our customers when they need us. 
And in particular, we're there for our customers when others are not there for them because we believe that these 2 years have really created an opportunity for us to solidify our position with customers in a way that we actually weren't able to do prior to this real crisis over these last 2 years. 
And so whenever we hear from a customer that they need something desperately because others are not able to get it to them. That's where our 130 general managers spring into action with even more vigor and energy than they have before. And because we see that as something that's able to create a long-term platform of sustainable strength with our customers that will create dividends for many years to come. 
And so what does that ultimately mean here for the first quarter? We're trying to give the best guidance that we can in light of what we see today in what is still a highly uncertain environment. But there's no doubt about it that the Amphenol team is going to fight hard for every possible opportunity to deliver whatever upside is available to us.

No. Luke, it's a great question. I think when we talk about scaling the company, we really think about that in every aspect. Most importantly, we think about making sure that we preserve, secure and evolve that unique operating culture and that we can scale the company amidst that operating culture. That's really step one. 
But every other aspect of what we do also needs to scale and that includes our M&A program. And I find it really interesting. Over the course of my -- coming close to quarter of a century that I've been with this company 23 years, I started in Amphenol as an M&A intern. So I've been deeply involved in our M&A program all the way back to 1998. 
And we have said consistently from that time that we would expect that over the long term, acquisitions would roughly represent about 1/3 of our growth -- and that's been the case when we were a less-than-$900-million revenue company when I joined, all the way to today when we were close to an $11 billion revenue company. 
And what is interesting, I've referred to these last 2 years through the cycle, and Craig referred to that as well, we grew by roughly 32% through that cycle, and our organic growth was just over 20% during that time, which tells you that even in a pandemic and even with the size and scale of the company as it is, we've been able to still have acquisitions represent 1/3 of the company's growth. 
And how do you do that? Well, the arithmetic is pretty straightforward. As the company grows, either you have to make more acquisitions of the same size or you have to make acquisitions a bigger size. And the fact is, I think we've done all of the above. 
And so when we look at what we have done here with the MTS acquisition, our first-ever public company. When we look at the acquisition at the end of the year of Halo, these are not insignificant-sized acquisitions yet we didn't defocus ourselves from making also the really unique enabling tuck-in acquisitions, companies like Positronic and El-Cab and Euromicron and Cablecon and the like and Unlimited Services. So we will continue to make acquisitions of all sizes. 
Now with the new division alignment, it actually opens even further the aperture of the types of deals that we may be able to execute upon because part of what we're doing is creating the bandwidth in our leadership team such that they can devote more time to things like driving collaboration, working with key customers and also making acquisitions. 
And with the size of these divisions, it would make just as easy as we bring in a $50 million company with the general manager, and we say you're now just part of Amphenol, nothing changes. We can do that with a $1 billion company one day if we find the appropriate company. And so the range of acquisitions, the scale -- the range of the scale of acquisitions that we can make, I think, is really limitless. 
The opportunity and the resources that we have to devote to executing on those and also making sure that they're successful once we bring them in is also really expanded by this new alignment. 
And so we see no reason to think amidst this what is still a very highly fragmented market that we participate in that M&A can't continue to be a driver like it has been for already more than 2 decades so far.

Thanks so much, Chris. I mean, look, simply put, I don't think it does have an impact on the multiple. I mean, I will just tell you that you take the MTS acquisition, as an example, and we announced just last quarter that we closed on the disposition of the Test & Simulation business. The net multiple that we ended up paying for one of the most precious assets in the industry of some of the most highest technology sensors that there is, was not a double-digit multiple when all was said and done. 
And I think that is a real testament to our ability to navigate a very challenging and very complex acquisition process, our first-ever public company, our first-ever concurrent disposition of an asset. And in the end, we get a phenomenal organization with some of the best technology in the industry, amazing people, and we do that in a first single-digit multiple. So I think that is a confirmation of the fact that big does not necessarily equal more expensive. 
And in terms of the integration, we are never going to relax on the very simple principles that we have always applied to acquisitions, large and small. We look for 3 things when we look for acquisitions. We look for great people with great products and great positions. And it's that first criteria to great people that is, for us, the true litmus test of whether we will or will not buy a company. 
And if it does not have those great people, we walk away every day of the week. And by having those great people, that means that they are people that we can rely upon, and we bring them into our organization, especially as it's newly aligned and we let them go do their thing. And all we do is we open doors for them for new opportunities that can only come by being part of a company as broad, as global and as strong as Amphenol. 
And so we think if anything else, if anything, as we have grown, as we've scaled the company, it's added momentum to really what has been a flywheel effect of our acquisition program over many years.

Well, thanks so much, Joe, and I hadn't actually done the math because we don't follow so much what is production and what is not production. I mean we care about the applications that -- these next-generation technology applications. 
But no doubt about it, our team did a phenomenal job this year and in particular, did a phenomenal job in capitalizing on new applications. And I would just point to something like the electrification trend where we just had fabulous growth in electrified applications really outperforming and taking more than our fair share of the opportunities in that space. And that's always been our long-term strategy in automotive. 
We're not trying to take business out of the pockets of those who have it already. That's not a great approach in automotive. But rather we look for the sort of technological innovations and those new adoptions of electronics, and then we aggressively pursue those with our agile entrepreneurial team. 
And I think that, that's been really successful here in this year. If I look over the course of kind of the last, call it, 13 years since I've been CEO, which really goes back to the low watermark of our automotive business. I mean we've consistently outperformed in automotive by a very significant margin, kind of year in and year out. 
And what does that mean in terms of a go-forward outperformance, I've never put numbers on this, but we would certainly expect that our team would be able to continue to outperform overall units and what that translates into for content versus share versus new applications, I'll let you, who is a much bigger expert in this market than me, kind of suss out those numbers. But we clearly believe that we can continue to outperform.

Jim, it's a fabulous question, and we do appreciate it. The answer is a very hard no. 
I mean we run 130 ERP systems around the company. Each of our general managers is responsible for their own ERP systems. Craig has a fabulous and very simple off-the-shelf consolidation software that works over the web and -- and the fact that we now align those businesses into divisions does not change our computer system whatsoever. 
And yes, I mean, I think it was -- I believe, Will, who asked the question and alluded to the concept of a layer. I mean we have appointed 3 new presidents of these divisions, which is technically a layer but it's not a layer of bureaucracy, like you would see in many organizations. I mean in terms of the cost of doing this, it's nothing at all. 
I mean that's a very marginal incremental investment because the staff at this division is effectively a head of the division with the financial controller to -- by his or her side. 
So it's -- this is not building infrastructure and building layers and bureaucracy. Far from it, it's just creating the bandwidth across our leadership team across what is now 12 group general managers in those 3 divisions, whereby the 130 general managers can be enabled. 
We can drive them. We can set aggressive goals, work with them on solving problems when they're small enough to solve and capitalize on opportunities when they're small enough and early enough to capitalize and to capture. 
And that's been the Amphenol style ever since I was a General Manager just reported to the CEO. And -- but as we've grown, you cannot just have 130 people reporting to one that doesn't work. You lose the benefit of being part of a broader Amphenol and then become just a holding company. And that's not what we are. 
We're not at all a holding company. In fact, there is a close interaction, close collaboration, synthesis across those 130 entrepreneurial general managers. We have a term for it. We call it a collaborative entrepreneur, and that's really when we say an Amphenolian, that's really what we mean. So -- this is not at all creating new computer systems, new layers, new costs, rather, it's enabling and ensuring the scalability of our unique entrepreneurial structure for many, many years to come as we pass $10 billion here in sales.

Yes. I think, Joe, we're -- it's hard for us to give a prognosis on what our book-to-bill is going to be. We had a very strong book-to-bill in the year. We finished with a strong book-to-bill. It's clear that our customers want to give us orders. What that book-to-bill will be going forward is actually really hard to predict. 
Well, operator, I think if that's all of our questions, we'd -- I'd like to just extend my appreciation to everybody on the phone here for spending your precious time with us. I wish you all the best as you start the year, and most importantly, I just hope that all of you are able to stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to hearing from you again in just 90 days. Thanks so much, and Happy New Year again.