Well, thank you very much, Craig, and welcome to all of you to our first quarter earnings call. It's a pleasure to have you all here. 
As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our achievements in the quarter. I'll then go into a discussion on the trends as well as our progress across our diversified served markets. And then finally, I'll make a few comments on our outlook for the second quarter and full year. And of course, we'll reserve time at the end for questions. 
Now with respect to the first quarter, I can just say that we're very pleased with the company's extremely strong start to 2018 as we're today reporting results that were stronger than we had expected, with both sales and earnings exceeding the high end of our guidance. Revenues in the quarter increased by a very strong 20% in U.S. dollars and 12%, organically, reaching $1,867,000,000, as Craig highlighted. And just want to highlight again that we booked record orders in the quarter, more than $2 billion, second quarter in a row exceeding that $2 billion level. And those orders grew 26% from prior year and represented a very robust book-to-bill of 1.08:1. Operating margins were again strong in the quarter, reaching 20.2%. And this, again, demonstrates the strength of the company's overall operating performance. 
Very pleased that our Board of Directors just yesterday approved 2 significant measures aimed at continuing our strong return of capital to shareholders with both the $2 billion, 3-year stock repurchase program as well as the 21% increase in the dividend, that Craig detailed. Just want to say that with this excellent start to 2018, I'm once again extremely proud of the entire Amphenol global organization, a team of people whose agility and superior execution are clearly reflected in the company's strong results in the first quarter. 
Now getting to the trends in our served markets, and I just want to reflect that here, as we finish the first quarter, we remain very pleased with the breadth and balance of our exposure across these many markets in the electronics industry. And once again, in the quarter, no market represented more than 20% of our sales. We continue to believe that, that balance is a true asset for the company in any economic cycle in particular, given the many dynamics that are always present in the electronics industry. 
The military market in the quarter represented 10% of our sales. Sales increased from prior year by a better-than-expected 20% in U.S. dollars and a very strong 18% organically as we once again drove growth across virtually every segment of the military market. Our performance in the quarter was strong in ordnance, military aviation, space, communications as well as vehicle applications. On a sequential basis, sales were stronger than expected, rising 3% from the fourth quarter. 
Just want to say I'm extremely proud of our team that's working in this important market, the military market. They've continue to expand our leading position by driving the development of high-technology interconnect solutions that are incorporated into the broadest array of military electronics. As the defense spending environment has improved, our ability to execute on the increased demand from our diverse range of customers has, once again, confirmed that these customers can rely upon Amphenol to deliver when they need us most. 
Looking ahead, we expect sales in the second quarter to remain at these robust levels. And for the full year 2018, we now expect to achieve low double-digit growth in the military market. 
Turning to the commercial aerospace market. Comm aero represented 5% of our sales in the quarter. And our performance strengthened in the first quarter, with sales increasing by 14% in U.S. dollars and 9% organically. Sequentially, sales were a bit better than we had expected coming into the new year with sales increasing by 3% from the fourth quarter. 
And as we look into the second quarter, we expect sales to increase modestly from these levels. And for the full year 2018, we continue to expect a low single-digit increase from prior year. 
We're very encouraged by the company's strong performance in commercial aerospace in the first quarter and remain confident that our strong overall position in the market will remain very robust. We continue to broaden our range of products in support of the revolution of new electronics and next-generation airplanes, and we look forward to capitalizing on our leading technologies for many years to come. 
The industrial market represented 20% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in this market grew also by a very strong 27% in U.S. dollars and 14% organically as we drove strong organic growth across essentially all segments of the industrial market. And that included in particular hybrid bus and truck, oil and gas, heavy equipment, instrumentation as well as medical. In addition, we're very pleased that we've realized significant benefits from several of our acquisitions that we've completed over the last year. Sequentially, sales in the industrial market were slightly down from the strong fourth quarter on normal seasonality. 
Looking into the second quarter, we expect sales to increase from these levels as we capitalize on our broad technological strength across the many various segments of the worldwide industrial market. And for the full year 2018, we continue to expect sales growth in the mid-teens. 
The diversified industrial market remains a great strength for Amphenol. The combination of our broad array of interconnect, antenna and sensor products, our access to and support of a very broad range of segments as well as the company's geographical reach have all positioned Amphenol strongly for the future in the industrial market. And as electronics continue to transform industrial applications, we look forward to realizing the benefits of our excellent position in this important market. 
The automotive market represented 20% of our sales in the quarter. As we had expected coming into the quarter, our sales again grew strongly in the automotive market, growing by 26% in U.S. dollars, 17% in local currencies and 10% organically. 
Importantly, we did grow again in double digits in all 3 of the major geographical regions: North America, Asia and Europe. Sequentially, our sales grew by 6% from the fourth quarter with the benefits from the Sunpool acquisition that we completed just at the end of December. 
We remain excited by the company's excellent and growing position in the automotive market. Our continually expanding range of interconnect products, which include discrete connectors as well as complex interconnect assemblies, together with our broad range of automotive sensors and our strengthened position in automotive antennas, positions us to take advantage of the multitude of opportunities to enable new electronics in cars. Whether in traditional fuel powered, hybrid or electric vehicles, carmakers are integrating advanced electronics into virtually every function in the automobile. And this creates an outstanding long-term growth opportunity for the company. 
Looking into the second quarter, we expect sales to grow moderately from these levels. And for the full year 2018, we continue to expect sales growth in the high teens. 
The mobile devices market represented 14% of our sales in the quarter, and our sales, once again, grew very strongly from prior year, rising by an outstanding 68% from first quarter 2017 levels as significantly stronger sales of products used in smartphones as well as production-related products were partially offset by softness in tablets. 
As we had expected coming into the quarter, our sales were down from the fourth quarter by 25% sequentially due to the typical seasonality that we see at the beginning of the year. I would just note that this is roughly the same sequential decline that we experienced last year. 
Our performance over the last several quarters has truly reconfirmed the extraordinary abilities of our team working in the always dynamic mobile devices market. Their reactivity in meeting the challenging and ever-changing demands from customers, all while continuing to develop innovative, next-generation products and manufacturing processes, has secured our leading position in this important market. 
Looking ahead, we expect sales in the second quarter to reduce from these levels as volumes moderate for several new product ramps. Nevertheless, given our position on a number of new programs to be launched later this year and, of course, understanding as always that the mobile devices market's inherently difficult to predict, we now expect sales to increase in the mid- to high single digits for the full year of 2018, and that compares to our previous outlook of low single-digit growth. We're encouraged by the strengthened outlook in the mobile devices market, and we look forward to realizing continued benefits from our strong position for many years to come. 
The mobile networks market represented 8% of our sales in the quarter. And our sales were a bit better than expected, rising by 2% from both prior year and prior quarter. Growth in our sales with service providers more than offset a moderation of demand from OEMs. 
Given that somewhat stronger performance in the quarter, we now expect to achieve low single-digit growth for the full year 2018 in the mobile networks market. And looking into the second quarter, we expect a mid-single-digit sales increase from Q1 levels. 
I will say that while we're encouraged by our strengthened outlook in the mobile networks market, we don't believe that this yet marks a change in the overall outlook for carrier spending and does not yet reflect any meaningful benefits from prospective or future investments in 5G networks. Nevertheless, we continue to work on a wide range of next-generation systems with our customers around the world, and we are very encouraged by the strength of our position with both interconnect products and antennas for OEMs and operators. And we look forward to realizing the benefits from such strength for many years to come. With the acceleration of video and data traffic through mobile networks, together with increasing demands for coverage, our company is well positioned to capitalize on whatever investments will be made in next-generation wireless networks in the future. 
The information technology and data communications market represented 18% of our sales in the quarter, and we are pleased that our performance was a bit better than expected in the first quarter, with sales growing slightly from prior year and declining a less-than-expected 3% from the fourth quarter, a typically softer quarter in IT datacom. Our year-over-year growth in servers and storage systems was almost fully offset by a reduction in sales of our products incorporated into networking equipment. 
We remain very confident in our strength in the exciting IT datacom market. And the nucleus of the strength of that position is our industry-leading range of advanced technology, high-speed power and fiber-optics products. These products are used in a wide array of equipment made by global OEMs as well as used in data centers of our web service provider customers. With the dramatic expansion of data traffic around the world, we look forward to realizing the benefits of that position for many years to come. 
Looking into the second quarter, we expect sales to increase from these levels. And for the full year 2018, we continue to expect low to mid-single digits sales growth. 
The broadband market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter. And sales in this market reduced from prior year by 6% as cable operators continued to moderate their spending. On a sequential basis, sales rose slightly from the seasonally softer fourth quarter. 
As we look into the second quarter, we expect a significant seasonal increase in our sales as broadband operators accelerate investments in their data and video delivery networks. And for the full year 2018, we now expect a low single-digit increase in sales. 
We remain very pleased with our position in the broadband market, and we look forward to realizing the benefits of our expanded product offering in support of customers who are delivering data, video and voice to consumers and businesses around the world. Now there's still the possibility of more consolidation in the broadband industry. And as you know, that always has the potential to create pauses in capital investment. But nevertheless, we are encouraged by the modestly more-positive environment that we see here in 2018. And we look forward to continuing to diversify and strengthen our product offering to this market for many years to come. 
So just in summary, I can just say that I'm extremely pleased with the company's strong start to the year here in 2018. And while the global market environment remains very dynamic, I'm just so proud that the Amphenol organization's executing extraordinarily well and expanding our market position while strengthening the company's financial performance. Amphenol's superior performance is a direct reflection of our distinct competitive advantages: our leading technology; our increasing position with customers across our diverse markets; our worldwide presence; a lean and flexible cost structure; a highly effective acquisition program; and most importantly, our agile, entrepreneurial management team. 
Now turning to our outlook for the second quarter and the full year. And assuming there are no significant changes to the current economic or geopolitical environment and based as always on constant exchange rates, we now expect in the second quarter and full year 2018 the following: For the second quarter, we expect sales in the range of $1,855,000,000 to $1,895,000,000 as well as adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.83 to $0.85. This represents a sales and adjusted diluted EPS increase versus prior year of 11% to 14% and 12% to 15%, respectively. 
For the full year 2018, we now expect sales in the range of $7,630,000,000 to $7,750,000,000, and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.49 to $3.55. And for the full year, this represents sales and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 9% to 11% and 12% to 14% over 2017 levels, respectively. 
On an organic basis, our new outlook now represents full year sales growth of 4% to 6%, which is an increase from our prior organic growth guidance of 2% to 4%. We're very encouraged by the company's strong start to 2018 as well as our improved guidance. And I'm confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to build upon this excellent start for the company by continuing to capitalize on the many opportunities to grow our market position while also delivering strong financial performance in 2018 and beyond. 
With that, operator, it'd be our pleasure to take any questions that may be there.

Yes. Well, thanks very much, Amit. I think you're correct in assuming that, that is the back half, which is not surprising. If you look at our performance last year, I think we grew somewhere in the mid-90%, second half to first half. I don't think we have that same expectation this year. But as normal, we would expect that to be back half. I think we're not making a prognosis here necessarily on unit volumes. Rather, I think what has given us the comfort to strengthen our outlook is just the strength of our position on the various programs in which we are participating. And whether that is content, whether that is allocation, it's just an overall sense of the strength of our position. Last year was a fabulous year for us in mobile devices. We had come into the year, as you know very well, with a less sanguine outlook. And then over the course of the year, we were able to capitalize on some opportunities that really were there in support of several of our customers. And I think that everybody asks the question coming into this year, does that have some ability to perpetuate itself with those customers who are happy that you worked so closely and effectively with them? And I think our team's done a great job to confirm that we do, indeed, have a very strong position with a number of those customers. And that's what's reflected here in these numbers. And again, I will always say, relative to mobile devices, that it is an inherently very challenging market to forecast, and we always try to give you our best view of what we see at the time of our earnings release. And we're pleased that at least at this point, we feel like we have a little bit of a stronger position than we did 90 days ago.

Yes. I think as I talked about in my prepared remarks, IT datacom was modestly better performance in the first quarter for us than we had thought coming into the year. So we continue to feel like we have a fantastic position in IT datacom. Our outlook for the second quarter is to grow from these levels, and our outlook for the full year is to have kind of mid-single-digit growth from prior year. I think we've demonstrated over a number of years that our team, working in IT datacom, has just done an outstanding job of really pivoting towards some of those opportunities that are encompassed in some of the names that you talked about, and more broadly than that into the overall service provider market in IT datacom while not losing sight of the importance of our work that we do with OEMs around the world. And as we look at our program win rates with customers, as we look at our support of customers when they need us most, when they're ramping up, when they're building new data centers, when they're releasing new products, there's no question that our position in the IT datacom market today is really stronger than it's ever been before. And so we look forward to more spending that will come. I think sitting where we sit today, I think the guidance that we've given is a strong guidance. And if there arise any opportunities to do better than that, you can bet we're going to be very well poised to do so.

Well, thanks very much, Wamsi. I mean, obviously, we are very sensitive and watching all of the news. And I can just tell you that as a global electronics company, you can imagine that we are actively monitoring all of these policy dynamics. And beyond just monitoring it, we continue to lend our voice to those and many other companies, who have a belief that ultimately, free trade is a positive force for the world, not just for our global electronics industry. It's a good thing for our customers, for end consumers as well as for our employees and the other stakeholders in Amphenol. And if I look at what has been talked about so far, at this point, we don't believe that any of the policies that have been announced would have any material negative financial impact on the company. But more importantly, we remain very committed to ensuring that we and our customers around the world are not going to be negatively impacted by any potential changes. And the most important part of that is that we are prepared to react in our typical fast-and-flexible manner to whatever comes our way. I mean, you know very well that the entrepreneurial culture that we have is actually uniquely suited to times like this where sometimes, you can't exactly predict what's going to come along. And we have this team of more than 100 general managers around the world, and they're always poised to react to any changes that are there. I mean, specific to China, I will tell you that we are in China, like we are in every other country, a very local participant in the market. And we are not a company that is staffed by a bunch of expats flying around the world. And while we may be a U.S.-headquartered company, our team in China is Chinese, and our team in India is Indian, and our team in Germany is German. And so we are viewed by customers really as a local and trusted partner in helping to make their electronics equipment higher performing and ultimately, allowing them to spend more. Of course, we will comply with whatever laws are put in place, and we will react to those in our typical manner. But at this point, I think it's a little too early to give a kind of prognosis about what will ultimately happen. It's a little bit all over the place, I would say. And so we're just going to stay agile, stay flexible and keep supporting our customers wherever they may be.

Yes. Thanks very much, Sherri. I wouldn't comment on anything significant. I think maybe just overall volumes were a little bit lower than we had expected. But I think in a typical first quarter, like I said, last year, first quarter was also down 25%. We said we thought it would be approximately 20%. 25% was maybe slightly more than approximately 20%. But nothing material or meaningful was very different. So I guess, at the end of the day, it was just a little bit lower volume, but nothing of note.

Yes. So let me first talk about the defense budget. It's true. As we released our earnings 90 days ago, there was still this hot debate on Capitol Hill about continuing resolutions and whether there would, in fact, be a permanent budget. And we were very pleased, like everyone, that there is, in fact, a budget that we can all kind of base our businesses upon and which did include, as you correctly point out, an increase in the defense budget. I think our performance in the first quarter, I don't know that, that had any relation to the defense budget being passed. We did upgrade our outlook for the year. And whether that is related to the budget, it's related to what we hear from our customers. So we are not forecasting our defense business based on kind of macro trends. We forecast it based on what we hear from our customers. Now are our customers spending more with us because they're getting more from, at least in the case of the U.S., the U.S. Department of Defense? I think it's not crazy to think that there could be some relation to that. But we've actually seen strong performance in our military business on a global basis in all those geographies where we can and do participate. And if you look at our performance, 18% organic growth in the quarter, an outlook for the year to be in low double digits, I mean, this is just very, very strong performance and a confirmation of the depth and breadth of our position in the military market. And so to the extent that there's more money being spent and to the extent that, that more money is being spent on upgrades of systems, on new electronic systems, I think there's no doubt about it that we'll be there to participate in that, and look forward to it.

Yes. Well, Jim, just very simply put, that's correct. We're not putting M&A on hold. To answer your second question, we always prioritize M&A as well as our organic investments. But the company is a fabulous generator of cash. And we believe that a balanced return of capital to shareholders, together with the prioritization of our M&A program, is the right way to manage our capital structure. And it's a very consistent approach that we have taken. Relative to the operating results specific to cable, I think Craig talked already about the fact that we have seen some pressure on commodities in our cable business specifically. And that has resulted in the cable margins being under pressure and down on a year-over-year basis. But even with that, to have the ROS still growing by 10 basis points year-over-year is a great confirmation of the performance in the interconnect business in an environment that is inflationary. There's no doubt about it. There are inflationary pressures, and I think our team has done just a phenomenal job to either drive that in pricing with customers or in redesigning of products or in somehow making sure that we don't suffer the impact on the interconnect side of some of those commodity price increases, which are very broad. It's harder to do that in the cable business, as you know, having followed the company for so many years, because of the intensity of the consumption of commodities into that cable, combined with the nature of the market, where it is a more constrained market and where pricing power is not always so evident. We continue to be very disciplined in that space, and we will remain disciplined. And whenever there are opportunities for us to pass on the impact of these commodities, we will certainly do so in a very quick fashion. But at this stage, I think the overall operating results of the company are very strong. We have grown on a year-over-year. And as Craig said earlier, we have a good outlook for the continuation of that performance in 2018.

Yes. No, thank you very much, Will. I mean, there is obviously a lot written about component shortages and lead times and things like this. And I think most of that, those discussions revolve around passive components, things like capacitors and transistors and various chips and things like that. We have not seen in our company meaningful or broad-based changes in our lead times. And we have some businesses that are doing very, very well. And occasionally, when that happens, you'll see the odd lead time go slightly up. But I can just tell you, we continue to satisfy truly the needs of our customers. We're not on allocations, nothing like that. I mean, our team has done a fabulous job of flexing. I mean, just look at that business, which is typically the least flexible, which is the military business where sometimes, it does take you time to build capacity. And our team was able to grow on a year-over-year basis by 18% organically, just a very, very strong performance in a business where sometimes, it is not as easy to flex in that way. And so I think our customers really continue to see with us a great supporter of their needs in that time of growing demand. And accordingly, I wouldn't expect that customers are necessarily building up kind of safety inventory. Now I'll caveat that to say that we don't have pure visibility into the warehouses of our customers, in particular our OEM customers. We get a little bit of visibility to our distributors. But what we see with those customers or hear, at least anecdotally, is not a real sort of structural buildup in their inventory. And part of that is because we have been able to really satisfy their demand with our operational flexibility.

Yes. I think we always, as you know, take a very long view in M&A. Whether markets are up or markets are down or rates are up or rates are down, that has not changed our strategic approach to M&A, whereby we cultivate a pipeline of companies, a very big pipeline of companies over a long time period, where we remain poised when companies that we didn't know pop up in an instance. And we continue to have very strong pipeline of acquisitions. Yes, it's true. We didn't announce any new acquisitions this quarter, albeit having closed one early in the quarter that we talked about 3 months ago. But we continue to have a very strong pipeline of acquisitions, and I think the company, Amphenol, remains just a wonderful destination for companies, large and small, who are considering one day having a change in their ownership. And I think the credibility of our track record, the hospitableness of the organizational structure that we have, whereby new companies can join Amphenol without that significant disruption that is sometimes accompanied with an acquisition, together with our willingness to pay fair prices for great companies. And again, whatever the rate environment is or the market environment or market multiple, we look at this with a very, very long-term view towards M&A. And we're willing to pay reasonable and fair prices for very strong companies. And that discipline that we have had for many years has never resulted in us failing to have a strong acquisition program. And we don't think that, that will be the case, regardless of which way rates are headed.

Yes. No. I mean, I don't know soft landing. I think it's a strong sales guidance. We've increased our organic guide for the year. We -- as you know, we came to the year with a guide of 2% to 4%, and now we've increased that to 4% to 6% organically. And yes, while we grew in this quarter on an organic basis by 12%, that would mathematically imply that there's a little bit less growth in subsequent quarters. We should also recognize that mobile devices in this quarter grew 68%, a very, very strong performance. We don't expect that same year-over-year performance, especially as we get into the back half of the year where last year, Q4, we also grew something like 67% in mobile devices. But regardless of that, we still think that this year will be a strong year for mobile devices in its totality. So I don't think, if you were to take out, for example, that impact of the mobile devices, which as you know, has its certain volatility relative to what quarters are strong and what quarters are not strong, I think that you'd see a relatively balanced year for -- that is inherently implied in our outlook.

But I think as Craig said, I mean, we may see maybe here in the second quarter and a little bit in the third quarter, a little bit higher than normal. But not over the course of the year.

Yes, sure. Well, just simple answer on your final part of the question, the organic growth outlook, we still think that is in the high single digits. Very robust outlook for the year on both auto and industrial. And then we have the benefits of some of the acquisitions that we've talked pretty extensively about. Relative to the auto outlook and the performance on a regional basis, I think I talked about the fact that we were very pleased in the first quarter that we got -- that we had double-digit growth really in all regions and strong double-digit growth, I would say, in all those regions. And I think that's just a testament to our team's great work in diversifying the business from a geographical perspective in addition to customer and in addition to application and product. And that is a big change for the company. If you look over the last half decade or so, we were predominantly a European automotive player. And today, it's a much, much more balanced position. Now I wish I could tell you that we were sophisticated enough to have detailed and scientific guidance per region in our automotive business, and then I'd be able to tell you that we do better or worse in each region. But we're maybe not that sophisticated. I think that we had strong performance in the quarter in all the regions. I don't think we were terribly surprised by one or another given region, or there's anything really special to report from one of the regions. I think our growth was fastest in Asia, and that was followed by Europe and then North America. I think that hasn't been a new trend necessarily. Of course, we had the acquisition of Sunpool at the end of the fourth quarter, which supported our Asian growth. But we had also good organic growth in Asia. So I don't think regionally, we have any change to our outlook. We continue to feel very good about the company's broad position really around the world.

Yes. I think the broadband growth, again, it's modestly better performance. And I guess, I would say that's more related to North America than other regions. Well, look, we're waiting for the price increase dynamic to change, and we're looking very much forward to that. I've said it before many times. We won't let the sun set on an opportunity to raise prices when the material prices have gone up like they have in broadband. I can't tell you that our outlook -- the change in our outlook is related yet to pricing. That, we have not yet seen. But we're hopeful, apparently like you are, that, that could happen.

No, thanks very much, Mark. I think regionally, our performance in mobile networks was strongest in the quarter in North America. I think if I survey where we participate, that's probably the region where we've seen a little bit more momentum than we had anticipated coming into the year, and where we've continued to see that through the last 3 quarters of the year. Relative to 5G, it's very true. We have very close relationships with our customers, both OEMs and service providers. And we're working very broadly on a wide array of next-generation technologies, both interconnect and antennas, that will be incorporated into next-generation systems. All that being said, I cannot tell you when those real scale investments will be. Like everybody, I have read all the reports and heard some of them even firsthand about initial build-outs being done in certain places or targets of doing certain build-outs associated with certain events, like the Olympics and other things like that. But in terms of when the real build-out will come and when you will see a true change in the spending associated with that build-out or a transition from current generation to next generation in the broad spending patterns of our customers, that, we don't have a good visibility on yet. But what we will be, regardless, is poised to take advantage of it when it comes. And I think there are always with, in the mobile networks market, just aspects of that, that are hard to predict. There are combinations of companies that come. There's continued innovation that has to happen. You have to have also the innovation that happens on the devices that ultimately connect to the network. You have the availability of capital. You have capital markets. All those things ultimately go into the calculus of our customers, whether they're going to ultimately drive a different level of spending and an adoption of those new networks. And we'll be ready whenever that does happen.

Well, I mean, if you mean the change from the performance in Q1 to a little bit less of an outlook for the full year, I think this is just the normal cadence that we see. Sometimes, there are -- it depends on the comparisons. I think we had probably a little bit of a more favorable comparison in Q1 of this year than we had in last year in some of the other quarters. And so I wouldn't think that there -- I wouldn't read anything more into that than maybe it has to do with the compares from last year.

Thank you very much, Amit.

Great. Well, listen, thank you all very much. We truly appreciate all of your interest in the company, and we wish that you have a very nice spring. It's rainy here in Wallingford. Hopefully, where you are, it is sun -- the sun is shining. And we look forward to talking to all of you here in about 90 days. Thanks again.