Well, thank you very much, Craig, and I would like to extend my welcome to everybody here on the phone today. And I hope that all of you had an enjoyable and healthy summer and are staying dry here if you're in the Northeast today.
As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our achievements here in the third quarter. I will discuss the trends and our progress across our served markets. And then finally, I'll make some comments on our outlook for the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2021. And of course, we'll have time at the end for questions.
As Craig went over, our results in the third quarter were substantially better than we had expected coming into the quarter. We exceeded the high end of our guidance in sales as well as in adjusted diluted earnings per share. Our sales grew a very strong 21% in U.S. dollars and 20% in local currencies, reaching a new record, $2.818 billion.
On an organic basis, our sales increased by 13%, with broad-based growth across most of our served markets as well as contributions from the company's acquisition program. Orders in the quarter were robust, again more than $3 billion, $3.016 billion, and this represented another strong book-to-bill of 1.07:1.
Now despite the many operational challenges that we have continued to face throughout the quarter, including continued cost increases related to commodities, supply chain and other logistics pressures, we were very pleased to deliver robust operating margins of 20.3% in the quarter. And as Craig detailed, that was a 30 basis point sequential improvement.
Our EPS -- adjusted diluted EPS grew strongly from prior year, increasing by 18% to a new record of $0.65, and that's just an excellent reflection once again of our organization's continued strong execution.
The company generated operating and free cash flow of $328 million and $238 million in the third quarter. And we're very pleased that the Board of Directors just approved yesterday an increase in our dividend of 38% effective in January of next year.
Coming out of this quarter, I'm just extremely proud of our team around the world. These results once again reflect the discipline as well as the agility of our entrepreneurial organization as we continue to perform well amidst a very dynamic and challenging environment.
Now turning to our trends and progress across our served markets. We're very pleased that the company's broad and balanced end market diversification continues to create value for Amphenol. Very importantly, our diversification mitigates the impact of the volatility of individual end markets, while also at the same time, exposing us to leading technologies wherever they may arise across the electronics industry. And these are both important benefits, especially amidst such a dynamic market environment.
Turning first to the military market. This market represented 10% of our sales in the third quarter. Sales grew by 7% from prior year and declined by 4% organically, which was a little bit lower than our expectation heading into the quarter. On an organic basis, growth in ordnance, airframe and space-related products was more than offset by moderations of our sales in products that were used in vehicle, naval and communications applications. Sequentially, sales declined by about 3%.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we now expect a slight sequential sales increase. And for the full year 2021, this would imply a mid-teens increase in sales from last year's levels. We continue to be excited by the strength of Amphenol's position in the military market. As defense customers around the world continue to adopt next-generation technologies at an increasing pace, our industry-leading breadth of high-technology Interconnect and Sensor products positions the company strongly across essentially all major defense programs. And this gives us confidence for our long-term performance.
The commercial aerospace market represented 2% of our sales in the quarter. Sales were flat compared to prior year and declined by about 19% organically as the benefit of our recent acquisitions was offset by continued declines in demand from aircraft manufacturers. As we expected coming into the quarter, our sales declined by about 3% sequentially.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we're happy that -- to now expect a mid-teens increase in sales compared to these levels. And for the full year 2021, this would imply a roughly 10% sales decline compared to last year, a clear reflection of the pandemic-related headwinds that have impacted the travel industry and thus, the commercial aircraft market during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Regardless of this challenging environment so far, our team working in the commercial aerospace market remains committed to leveraging the company's strong Interconnect and Sensor technology position across a wide array of airplane platforms and next-generation systems integrated into those aircraft. As personal and business travel continues to recover from the pandemic-impacted lows, we do look forward to benefiting as jet manufacturers expand their production and in turn, expand their procurement of our components.
The industrial market represented 26% of our sales in the quarter. Sales increased by a very strong 44% in U.S. dollars and 24% organically. This excellent growth was broad-based across most segments of the worldwide industrial market, including, in particular, the battery and heavy electric vehicle, factory automation, oil and gas, rail mass transit, heavy equipment, alternative energy and instrumentation segments, together with the contributions from our recent acquisitions.
On a sequential basis, sales increased by 4% from the second quarter, which was much better than our expectations coming into the quarter. Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect sales to moderate from these levels. But for the full year 2021, we expect sales to increase more than 40% from prior year, a very strong performance.
I remain extremely proud of our global team working in the industrial market. Our long-term strategy to expand our high-technology Interconnect antenna and Sensor offering, both organically and through complementary acquisitions, has positioned the company to capitalize on the many revolutions that are occurring across the industrial electronics market. We look forward to realizing the benefits of this strategy for many years to come.
The automotive market represented 19% of our sales in the quarter. And despite the widely reported challenges across the automotive market, our sales actually came in higher than expectations in the quarter, growing a strong 31% in U.S. dollars and 26% organically. This strong performance reflected our automotive team's excellent execution in the face of numerous supply chain challenges as well as robust growth of our products used in electric and hybrid electric vehicles. This was another clear confirmation of our global team's long-term efforts at designing in high-voltage and other Interconnect and Sensor products into these next-generation platforms.
On a sequential basis, sales were flat compared to the second quarter. The widely reported supply chain challenges in the auto industry continued to impact demand from vehicle manufacturers around the world. Accordingly, we do expect in the fourth quarter a high single-digit sequential moderation in sales. For the full year 2021, this implies sales will increase by more than 40% compared to last year driven by our expanded position in next-generation electronics integrated into cars, including, in particular, those electric and hybrid drivetrains.
I remain extremely proud of our team working in the automotive market, who has continued to demonstrate a high degree of agility and resiliency in both driving a significant recovery from last year's reduced sales levels while also expertly navigating the myriad of supply chain challenges that the entire automotive industry is facing. We look forward to benefiting from their efforts long into the future.
The mobile devices market represented 13% of our sales in the quarter. And our sales in this market declined from prior year by 5% as modest growth in sales of products incorporated into smartphones and laptops was more than offset by declines in wearables and tablets. Sequentially, sales increased by a stronger-than-expected 36% driven by higher sales across virtually all product categories that we serve.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect the continued mid- to high single-digit increase in sales from these third quarter levels. And for the full year, we anticipate sales to grow modestly from 2020, which is, in fact, an impressive achievement given last year's robust demand.
I remain very proud of our team working in the mobile devices market. Their unique agility continues to enable the company to react quickly to changing demand in this most volatile of markets. With our leading array of antennas, Interconnect products and mechanisms, enabling a broad range of next-generation mobile devices, we're positioned well for the long term.
Turning to the mobile networks market. This market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter, and sales increased by 11% from prior year and 7% organically. And this sales growth was really driven by our sales to mobile service providers, which was offset by a small moderation of sales to OEMs. On a sequential basis, our sales increased just slightly, which was largely in line with our expectations coming into the quarter.
For the fourth quarter, we expect another slight sequential increase in sales as mobile networks customers continued to ramp up their investments in 5G and other next-generation networks. And for 2021, this would imply that our sales would grow by approximately 10%.
Our team continues to work aggressively in the mobile networks market to realize the benefits of our efforts to expand our position in next-generation 5G equipment and networks around the world. As our customers ramp up their investments into these advanced systems, we look forward to benefiting from the increased potential that comes from our unique position with both equipment manufacturers and mobile service providers.
The information technology and datacom market represented 22% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in this market rose from prior year by a very strong 28% in U.S. dollars and 26% organically. And this was driven by increased demand from OEMs and in particular, increased demand from web service providers. Sequentially, our sales grew by a better-than-expected 10% from second quarter levels.
As we look into the fourth quarter, we do expect a slight decline from these elevated levels. And for the full year of 2021, we expect sales to increase in the low 20% range. We remain encouraged by the company's outstanding position in the global IT datacom market. Our OEM and service provider customers continue to drive their equipment and networks to ever higher levels of performance in order to manage the continued dramatic increases in demand for bandwidth and processor power. In turn, our team remains highly focused on enabling this continuing revolution in IT datacom with industry-leading high-speed power and fiber optic Interconnect products. We look forward to realizing the benefits of that leading position for many years to come.
And finally, the broadband market represented 3% of our sales in the quarter. Sales declined by 5% from prior year and 10% organically as cable operator procurement moderated. On a sequential basis, sales decreased by a slightly better-than-expected 3%. For the fourth quarter, we now expect a further moderation in sales from these levels. And for the full year 2021, we anticipate that sales will grow in the mid-single digits.
Despite this more challenging environment in the broadband market, we continue to look forward to supporting our service provider customers around the world, all of whom are working to increase their bandwidth to support the expansion of high-speed data applications to homes and to businesses.
Now turning to our outlook. There's no question that the current market environment remains highly uncertain, with significant supply chain and inflationary challenges as well as the ongoing pandemic. Given this and assuming constant exchange rates, for the fourth quarter, we expect sales in the range of $2.690 billion to $2.750 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.61 to $0.63. This would represent year-over-year sales growth of 11% to 13% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 7% to 11%.
Our fourth quarter guidance represents an expectation for full year sales of $10.540 billion to $10.600 billion and full year adjusted diluted EPS of $2.39 to $2.41. This outlook represents full year sales and adjusted EPS growth of 23% and 28% to 29%, respectively.
I remain confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to adapt to the continued challenges in the marketplace and to capitalize on the many future opportunities to grow our market position and expand our profitability. In addition, our entire organization remains committed to delivering long-term sustainable value, all while prioritizing the continued safety and health of each of our employees around the world.
Most importantly, I would like to take this opportunity to once again thank the entire Amphenol team for their truly outstanding efforts here in the third quarter.
And with that, operator, we would be very happy to take any questions.

Yes. Thanks very much, Amit. I mean no doubt about it, a lot of chatter, a lot of news. You can't pick up the paper without reading about supply chains. I think for the first 22 years of my so far 23-year career, I don't recall that the front page was plastered with things about the supply chain. And now, it seems to be virtually every day that you read something about it.
And no question, throughout the quarter, there remains just a number of real significant challenges that our team thought through and really thought through. I think when you see the results, in particular growing sequentially by 6% in the quarter, which was above our expectations, amidst, what I would say, were continued serious supply chain impediments, some of which even worsened throughout the quarter, whether that's availability of logistics and freight, the cost of raw materials, the availability of raw materials, even talking about things like labor shortages, which are -- there are pockets of that around the world as well. And so no question that those are all dynamics that our team faced. And across that entrepreneurial Amphenol organization, our team just made it happen.
Now in terms of inventory builds and orders moderating, I mean, we still had strong orders in the quarter. There's no doubt about it. And even though our book-to-bill was a bit lower, 1.07 compared to the second quarter, most of the reason why our book-to-bill was lower because our sales grew into the level of the bookings. But orders were down by maybe 3% from the second quarter, but sales were up by 6%, thus the slightly lower but still robust book-to-bill.
In terms of inventory, I mean, you saw for sure that our inventory was up a little bit, and I think many have seen a little bit elevated inventory, which is not surprising given both our growth as a company, very significant growth, but also the very significant supply chain impediments that are out there.
To the extent that our customers have more inventory, we don't always have perfect visibility into that. I will say what we do have visibility into, which is, in particular, in distribution, we haven't seen really abnormal levels of inventory amongst our distributors for our products. In fact, I think what we've seen is continued strong sell-through of the products into customers around the world and knowing that our distribution business is predominantly industrial and aerospace, mil aero business, and we've seen continued really strong demand in particular across the industrial market.
What -- in terms of the customers and their willingness to pull product, we talked about last quarter, in the automotive market, for example, that we probably could have shipped more if customers wanted it. And I think we continue to see some instances, anecdotes, where customers, because they don't have all the components that they need to make their finished product, be it a car or a truck or otherwise, they, in the end, don't take our product. As opposed to necessarily building the inventory of our products, they just tell us not to ship it. So a lot going on, but I think at the end of the day, amidst all these challenges, the performance of the company has shone very brightly.

Yes. Well, thanks so much, Steve. I mean no doubt about it, it's been a very, very strong year and I would almost say a very strong couple of years for our team working in the IT datacom market, I mean, not forgetting that last year, we grew in that market by 15% and this year, continuing to exceed our expectations with sales in this quarter, in particular, growing by 28% and 10% sequentially. So no question about it.
And I think, when I look into the fourth quarter, we're coming from very elevated levels of demand. And we're not guiding to like a catastrophic reduction. We're talking about a modest sequential decline in the fourth quarter, which I think given the overall environment, given the overall demand from our customers and in particular, customers in web service, where we've seen just really strong growth in whether you call them cloud or web service providers, and we've seen outstanding growth in that business over the last couple of years.
And once in a while, you could have a moderation. There could even be a little bit of seasonality that could come into that. So I don't think that this fourth quarter guide is at all a turnaround in that business. It would still, by the way, in the fourth quarter, reflect very, very strong year-over-year growth in that IT datacom market and in the end, I think, would be a very, very strong year for that market and for our team working in that market.

And I would just add, Wamsi, to that one important principle here. Pricing is an art. It's not just you issue a price increase and off it goes. And the beauty of how we're organized is that we're not making those pricing decisions here at headquarters.
Rather, we have 125 general managers around the world. And those general managers are best suited to make the right decision around pricing because they know the strength of their own position. They know their competitive position. They know their technology position. And they also can go to a customer and say, "Look, I have tried everything else and the only remaining thing I can do is raise the price to you." And then it's a genuine, it's a reasonable discussion, and it's one that's grounded in fact and basis as opposed to in corporate policy.
And I think that's why we've always been maybe a little bit more successful in moderating the impacts of these because our general managers have every tool available to them. All of the functions, all of the inputs are part of their responsibility, and thus, they're able to go out and make it happen.
And just because the cost of materials is up, or the cost of logistics is up, does not give absolution to an Amphenol general manager for their performance, not in our company. I mean no matter what the cycle is, we have absolute standards for performance and they have to hit that. And they will figure it out. And if that means having those tough discussions with customers, then that's what they're going to do.

Sure. Thanks very much, Joe. I mean look, we always give guidance with the information at hand. Just as we did 90 days ago, we're doing here today. And so I wouldn't point to some different dynamic nor would I say that one should expect that we're going to beat the same amount that we beat last quarter.
Our team is always going to strive to maximize our results amidst whatever environment we are in. And as we've talked about [ that now, Joe ], it's a very dynamic environment. And they're going to continue to push until the last minute of the last hour of the last day of the year in supporting our customers and executing amidst this environment. And if that ends up that we -- that this guidance is exceeded, then that will be what it will be. But right now, we're giving a guidance based on what we see in the marketplace.

Thanks so much, Will. I mean relative to our lead times, I mean, it should not be surprising that maybe we have a little bit of extra lead time now than we would have had a year ago. It is a very constrained environment, sometimes even just getting materials in from overseas, if you need to have to do that, whatever. There's just a lot of sort of sand in the gears of the global supply chain, and that can lead to extra lead times.
Also, I've talked about our orders, maybe not even because of our own lead times, but just customers opening up the aperture of their order window a little bit longer, and that has led to some of the higher levels of orders that we've seen, in addition to just overall robust demand.
As it relates to expedited requests, I don't know that I can give you a good read on that more thoroughly or systematically across the company. I mean we continue to have some customers who really need product. I mean to the extent that we are using a material that is really constrained, and there are certain cases of that, I continue to see the odd expedited request here and there. I don't know that I have a good read on whether it's less or more or the same. I mean, I guess, I would say it's kind of the same over the last 90 days. Nothing that I would take note of really.

Thanks so much, Mark, and good afternoon to you. I think one thing that I would just point out from this last quarter is actually our growth on a year-over-year basis was very balanced across all the geographies, I mean, almost extremely balanced on an organic basis. Virtually, every region grew by that 13% organically. And that was really nice to see actually and a bit surprising given the sort of dynamics, whether they would be pandemic-related, supply chain-related, electricity-related or otherwise.
And our team in China continues to do a fabulous job of managing through whatever challenges come their way. And that did include, in the quarter, some challenges related to the availability of electricity. But fortunately for us, our approach operationally around the world, and that is the same approach that we have in China, is never and not to put all our eggs in one basket.
People are sometimes surprised that we have so many facilities around the world, something like 200, 250 facilities. And that includes something like 50 facilities in China that are spread across the country. And so when there are pockets of challenges over the last 1.5 years, whether that be from COVID-related shutdowns, supply chain challenges, or even the electricity issues that you've heard about in China, that's not having a material impact across the company but rather may create a single challenge for one or another operation, and the local management team just makes it happen. And that's kind of the approach that we take.

Yes. Thanks very much, Nik. Look, this is a long story for us, which is that we've been growing our automotive business for more than a decade through a consistent strategy of growing both organically and through acquisitions, into new electronics applications, new applications in the car.
Throughout the course of that time, we expanded our product offering, from simple connectors and cable assemblies, to sensors and antennas, complex sensor assemblies and the like. And through it all, our strategy has not been to just take share out of incumbents, but rather to participate in the expansion of electronics in the automotive market. And that expansion of electronics has really accelerated throughout that time.
And as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, one area of expansion of electronics had been across the electrification of vehicles, both electric and hybrid vehicles, where we've leveraged our strong legacy and high-voltage capabilities to really be a strong participant in that area. And that's been a great growth driver for us for many quarters, and that included in the quarter that just completed.
Have we seen expedites in the automotive market? I would actually say we've seen, this quarter and last quarter, more of the opposite of expedites. We've seen that customers have pushed out demand because of supply shortages that they're seeing from other types of commodities. You mentioned semiconductors as one example as opposed to expedites that -- of customers pulling in. And -- but for those other supply chain shortages, I'm sure our automotive business would have been even more robust than it was.

Well, look, it's a great question. And it's a question that I wouldn't even confine to EVs. I mean you point out that consumer expectations for technology in EVs, but I would just say consumer expectations for technology in vehicles, full stop, has expanded and has continued to accelerate over many years.
I mean I just look at my kids, when we get in a car, you've got like a spaghetti of cables that people want to plug in to various parts of the car. And then you now have car companies coming and putting in things like wireless charging and outlets in different places as opposed to me having one of these massive things that every kid has to plug their thing into a cigarette lighter.
Now everybody has their little connectors all over the car and things like that. And whether it be navigation systems, communication systems, safety systems, passenger comfort systems, we have seen, and I think we are living through, a revolution of electronics in vehicles. And that's all vehicles.
Because we shouldn't forget, like in the global automotive market, I don't know, hybrid and EVs, I'm not perfectly familiar with everyone of these numbers, but I think they still represent less than 10%. And that's if you include hybrids of all total vehicle volumes. But I would say all vehicles are adopting more electronics because the car companies have realized, not only that do their customers want these things, but actually, they can make more money on these things.
These type of features are things that people will actually pay more for and thereby allow the car companies to make more profit from their products. And look, it's great news for anybody working in the automotive electronics market. It's -- and for our company, we're -- again, our strategy has not been to go and take share out of others, but rather to work on the new things that are happening in the car. I think our company comes out of that very well-positioned.

Yes. Thanks, Jim. Yes, there's no doubt that the profitability of the Cable segment is at the lowest level it's been in, certainly, in my memory. And I think -- but when we talk about it being unprecedented, I think we're also in an unprecedented environment from a cost perspective and especially as it relates to things that impact that segment, which are things like logistics and things like certain commodity costs, that have always had a more of a significant impact on that segment.
We've talked about commodities and cost environment impacting that segment more. And when you're in a more unprecedented environment, where the costs have just increased so quickly and so significantly, and then you're in a market where it's not as easy to, overnight, increase prices, even in an unprecedented cost environment due to the competitive dynamics and other factors within those -- within that market, that it just becomes an unfortunate situation that it does have a more significant impact in the short term here.
There's no doubt that the team is working hard on pricing actions, and we're confident that they will be successful over some period of time. Don't forget this is 4% of the company right now. It's relatively small. But for the businesses that are involved in dealing with this, this is impactful for them as it is for any other operation. So it's not that it's not meaningful, but it certainly has a lower impact on the overall company.
But there's no doubt as the management team is extremely focused on this, we are optimistic that over some -- not so long-term period of time, in a shorter term, we'll be able to get these margins back up. Whether or not it's next quarter or the quarter after, I think time will tell, but we are optimistic that it will -- we are at the lower end of the scale in terms of profitability in this market, and it will improve over these coming quarters.

Yes, thanks very much, Chris. I mean look, we give a lot of details across the company. And I think we're -- we haven't publicly talked about the specific numbers of what makes up -- what different powertrains make up what different sales of our automotive market.
But what we have said very consistently, and I would say it again this quarter, is that the growth in our EV business, whether that's in auto or also our industrial electrification business, have been significant drivers of our outperformance. So you can imagine that after a number of quarters of doing so, that business represents a lot more today than it did many quarters ago. And it's a meaningful piece of the business. It has a real impact on the business. And it continues to have great potential for the future.

Yes. Well, thanks very much, David. And I mean, you said it, the industrial market is, for us, a very, very diversified range of segments, everything from medical, to heavy vehicles, to oil and gas, things like marine, factory automation, the battery and heavy electric vehicles, alternative energy, I mean, even in an area like building automation, where we've seen a lot of strong growth. I mean what was, I think, really unique here in the third quarter was virtually every one of those segments grew in the quarter.
So you don't always see that. Usually, there's some sort of countercyclicality across one or another of those segments. And we saw really strong performance across all of them. And when I think about why the company has really done such an excellent job in industrial, I mean, I would point to a few factors. Number one is our strategy for many years has been to build out a range of products that make us more important to customers across the industrial world and again, remembering that what ties those products together is that they are all harsh environment solutions.
So whether they would be discrete connectors, value-add Interconnect assemblies, sensors, antennas or the like, these are all products that have to be ruggedized. They have to be fit to an environment that maybe is an ultra-clean environment in an operating theater or maybe an ultra-dirty environment in an oil and gas drilling setup or in an alternative energy on an offshore windmill or something like that. So all of these have just really unique -- uniquely challenging environments around them.
And what we see in common across these customers and where a lot of our growth has come from, this is really the second factor, is that customers across the industrial market are adopting electronics at an increasing pace. So the same discussion that we had in the auto market just a few moments ago, we see that really broadly across the industrial market as customers adopt next-generation electronic systems and put those systems into tougher and tougher environments.
I would also say that the industrial market is a very fragmented market from a competitive perspective. And so while for sure, we're taking advantage of new things in this market like we are in automotive, I think there's also the fact that we continue to gain position against competitors who either don't have the breadth of offering, don't have the geographical position to support customers on a global basis, don't have the diverse and resilient footprint that has been able to support those customers during the pandemic or during all the other disruptions that have come along, and thereby, customers have come increasingly to us to solve their problems. And we've not disappointed them, and that creates a positive feedback loop.
So it's a market that I think we're very excited about. I think our team working in this market is just doing a great job. If you look into the fourth quarter, for sure, you can look at that fourth quarter kind of through the prism of saying, "Well, we're guiding it to be down slightly." But in fact, on a year-over-year basis, it's going to be an outstanding fourth quarter as well. So I think the team just continues to excel, and we're very excited about the industrial market for many years to come.

Well, look, I mean, we're not blind to the world around us. So there's no doubt about it. I mean the geopolitical tension that has been present for a number of years has certainly not gone away. And I, for one, would fully advocate that countries like the U.S. and China, the world's 2 largest economies, should, for sure, get along. There's lots and lots of reasons why we should.
And by the way, personally, I'm very optimistic that, long-term, that is going to be the case. But as it relates to our position in any country, including China, I mean, I would just remind everybody, we have a very unique operating strategy. We rely on local managers in every country that we operate. And we operate in more than 40 countries around the world. And in each of those places, we have local general managers who have the authority to run their business as they need to run it in that region to be most successful.
And so our general managers in China are able to tailor-make how they do business, obviously within the confines of ethics and law and everything that it means to be a global company. But they're able to meet their customers on a level-playing field with their local competitors.
But in fact, it's not a level-playing field because then they're able to bring the totality of Amphenol's capabilities to bear in support of those customers. And that's where the advantage of it is. We bring the best of both worlds of both being a local partner, but also a global company who has global resources, global breadth and global capabilities.
And that's why we've been successful in India. That's why we've been successful in China. That's why we've been successful in France, in Germany, in the U.K. and of course, here in the U.S. It's a very unique operating model that is -- that works really, really well in a world where everybody is getting along, but it also works really well in a world where people aren't necessarily getting along.
In terms of how we deploy our capital, we're always careful about deploying capital in every country in the world. We're always going to incorporate all the sort of risks and opportunities into our calculus about what we're going to invest in and what we're not going to invest in. And ultimately, those investment ideas are all coming up from below, not sort of dictated from above. But for sure, we're going to apply appropriate scrutiny to investments in every place in the world, using sort of the full picture of the environment into which we're investing.

Thanks, Joe, very much. Look, I think we've seen a lot of challenges, and I talked a little bit about this earlier, but -- and those challenges have included, in China, a few power shortages. But I think, like I described, luckily for us, our approach is to not put all our eggs in one manufacturing basket. And so while we've had maybe an odd power shortage in one location or another, it hasn't had a meaningful impact on the company. And our local team is doing a fabulous job of mitigating any impact that there could be of such shortages. But it gives everybody something else to think about at a time where there's a lot going on. Okay.

Well, thank you so much. And I would like to just extend my best wishes to everyone here on the phone. Thank you so much for taking the time with us, and we will talk to you after the holiday season. So I will be the first to wish everybody a happy holiday season, a happy and successful end of the year, and we'll talk to you in 2022. Thanks so much.