Well, Craig, thank you very much, and welcome to all of you to our first call of the new decade here in 2020, and hope it's not too late for me to wish everybody on the call a Happy New Year. As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our achievements here in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2019. I'll then spend a few moments to discuss our trends and progress across our served markets. And then finally, I'll make some comments on our outlook for the first quarter and the full year 2020. And of course, we'll reserve some time at the end for some questions. 
Our results in the fourth quarter were stronger than expected as we exceeded the high end of our guidance in both sales and adjusted EPS. And that's despite an ongoing environment of uncertainty in the global economy. 
Sales were down by 3% in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currencies but reached $2.151 billion. On an organic basis, as Craig described, sales were down by 8%, and that was largely driven by the significant reductions in the mobile devices and mobile networks markets. 
The company booked $2.2 billion in orders in the quarter, and that represented a strong book-to-bill of 1.02:1. Despite our decline in sales in the quarter, adjusted operating margins held up very strongly, reaching 20%, and the company generated excellent operating cash flow of $424 million in the quarter, really another reflection of the quality of the company's earnings. 
I just have to say, I remain very proud of the Amphenol team. Our results this quarter once again reflect the discipline and agility of our entrepreneurial organization as we continue to perform well amidst a very dynamic economic environment, all while driving superior operating performance in the quarter. 
Also very pleased to announce that just in the last several days, we closed the acquisition of EXA Thermometrics. EXA is a provider of high-technology temperature sensors based in Bangalore, India, with annual sales of approximately $10 million. And while EXA is still a relatively small company, the company strengthens our overall sensor offering and expands our sensor manufacturing footprint to India. EXA represents an excellent complement to our growing portfolio of sensor products, which have become a core pillar of Amphenol's overall interconnect offering. As we welcome this outstanding new team to the Amphenol family, we remain very confident that our acquisition program will continue to create great value for Amphenol. Our ability to identify and execute upon acquisitions and successfully bring these new companies into our family remains a core competitive advantage for the company. 
Now let me just make a couple of comments about the full year 2019. And despite the many challenges in the global economy in 2019, it was a successful year for Amphenol. Amidst significant organic declines in the mobile devices market as well as moderations in demand in several other markets that we discussed early last year, we are very pleased to have just surpassed our 2018 sales levels. 
Our full year operating -- full year adjusted operating margins once again reached 20%. And this strong level of profitability enabled us to achieve adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.74. 
And very importantly, we generated record operating and free cash flow of $1.5 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, both of which are excellent confirmations of the company's superior execution, together with our disciplined working capital management. 
Our acquisition program created great value for the company in 2019 with 9 new companies added to the Amphenol family in the year. These acquisitions, which included SSI, Aorora, [ Kopek ], Charles Industries, CONEC, Bernd Richter, GJM, Cablescan and finally, XGiga, expanded our position across a broad array of technologies and markets. We're excited that these acquisitions represent expanded platforms for the company's future performance, in particular, because the outstanding and talented individuals that have joined the Amphenol organization. These new Amphenolians, as we call them, deepen our already strong bench of leaders around the world. 
In addition, in 2019, we deployed further our capital by buying back over 6.5 million shares under our share buyback program, while also increasing our quarterly dividend by 9%. Amphenol's long-term mission is to be the enabler of the electronics revolution. Through the organic development efforts of Amphenol's entrepreneurial organization, together with the benefits of our acquisition program, we have expanded our relationships with a broadening array of customers across all of our diversified end markets. This has resulted in the company strengthening our position across the many segments of the electronics industry. 
And while the overall market environment in 2019 was highly uncertain, our agile, entrepreneurial management team is very confident that we have built further strength from which we can drive superior performance into the long term. 
Now turning to our trends and progress across our served markets. I would just note that we continue to be very pleased that the company's balanced and broad end market diversification remains a real high-value asset for the company. No single end market in the year represented more than 20% of our sales. And we believe this diversification mitigates the impact of the volatility of individual end markets while also exposing us to all of the leading technologies wherever they may arise across the electronics industry. 
Now turning first to the military market. The military market represented 13% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 12% of our sales for the full year 2019. Sales again grew very strongly from prior year, increasing by a greater-than-expected 30% in the fourth quarter, driven by growth across essentially all segments in the military market, including, in particular, military vehicles, rotorcraft and airframe applications. 
On a sequential basis, sales increased by 7%, which is a very strong performance, given the normal fourth quarter seasonality that we've typically seen. For the full year 2019, we're very pleased that our military sales grew by an outstanding 23% in U.S. dollars and 22% organically, reflecting broad-based strength across virtually all segments of the market. 
Our organization working in the military market has worked so hard for many years to strengthen our broad technology position while increasing our capacity to serve customers across all of the segments of this important market. And I can just tell you that our superior performance in 2019 is a great reflection of the results of their efforts. Given the ongoing favorable military spending environment, our team continues to solidify our leadership position by ensuring that we execute on this increased demand by supporting the many next-generation technologies that are required for modern military hardware. 
Looking ahead, we expect sales in the first quarter to decrease slightly from these fourth quarter levels. And for the full year 2020, we expect to achieve mid- to high single-digit sales growth on top of our already strong sales levels from 2019. 
Turning to the commercial air market. That market represented 5% of our sales, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2019. And sales in the fourth quarter increased by a stronger-than-anticipated 15% as overall demand from commercial aircraft manufacturers continued to be robust. Sequentially, our sales increased by 8% from the third quarter, also a very strong performance. 
For the full year 2019, we're pleased that our sales grew by 14% as we benefited from broad design-ins of our next-generation interconnect products on new aircraft. 
Looking into 2020, we do expect a sequential moderation in sales from these levels in the first quarter. For the full year, we expect sales to remain at roughly 2019's levels as increased sales onto new jet platforms is offset by some impact from one program's widely reported production delays. 
Regardless of this more muted outlook for 2020, we remain encouraged by the company's strong technology position across a wide array of aircraft platforms and next-generation systems that are integrated into those airplanes. And we look forward to benefiting from that position for many years to come. 
The industrial market represented 19% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 20% of our sales for the full year 2019. Sales in industrial in the fourth quarter grew by a bit stronger-than-expected 7% from prior year, driven largely by the contributions from our acquisitions completed over the past year. 
On an organic basis, sales actually declined by 3% as growth in instrumentation, alternative energy and medical was more than offset by moderations in other segments of the industrial market. On a sequential basis, sales reduced by 2% from the third quarter, reflecting continued moderation in the overall industrial market, in particular, in Europe. 
For the full year 2019, sales in the industrial market grew by 4% in U.S. dollars and were down by 3% organically as growth in medical, factory automation, rail mass transit and oil and gas were offset by moderations in other segments of the industrial market. 
We remain very pleased with the company's broad position in the worldwide industrial market. And while the overall environment in 2019 became increasingly uncertain as the year progressed, we added several outstanding acquisitions, which strengthened our overall position. 
Through both our acquisition program as well as our organic innovations, we've developed a very broad array of products across a diversified range of exciting segments within the global industrial market. We're proud of this success and look forward to realizing the benefits from our efforts in the industrial market for many years to come. 
Looking into the first quarter 2020, we anticipate a slight decrease in sales from these levels as demand continues to be uncertain, particularly in Europe. And for the full year 2020, we expect to realize low single-digit sales growth as we continue to benefit from our acquisitions as well as our organic growth efforts. 
The automotive market represented 18% of our sales in the quarter and 19% of our sales for the full year. Sales were stronger than we had expected coming into the quarter with revenues growing by 8% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currency, driven by the contributions from our acquisitions completed earlier in the year. 
On an organic basis, sales were flat from prior year as slowing vehicle volumes offset increased sales of products sold into new vehicle electronics applications. Sequentially, our automotive sales increased by 3% in the fourth quarter as we benefited from several new program launches. 
For the full year 2019, our sales in the automotive market grew by 3% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency but were down by 2% organically, reflecting the benefits of our acquisitions as well as our broad array of new products into next-generation applications, offset by the overall slowing of the worldwide automotive market. 
We continue to benefit from our long-term and consistent strategy of expanding our range of interconnect, sensor and antenna products, both organically and through acquisitions, to enable a wide array of onboard electronics across a diversified range of vehicles made by auto manufacturers around the world. 
Looking into the first quarter 2020, we expect sales to moderate slightly from these levels. And for the full year 2020, we expect a low single-digit sales increase for the automotive market. And while the overall market remains uncertain, we're confident that our broadened range of high-technology solutions positions us for continued growth in automotive into the future.  
The mobile devices market represented 15% of our sales in the quarter and 13% of our sales for the full year 2019. Sales in the mobile devices market exceeded our expectations coming into the fourth quarter, growing 9% sequentially from the third quarter as our team executed extremely well to satisfy increased demand from customers making both smartphones and tablets. 
Compared to prior year, sales were down by 35%, but which was better than we had expected, especially in light of the very strong fourth quarter we had, had in the fourth quarter of 2018. 
For the full year 2019, sales in the mobile devices market decreased by 20%. And as we discussed extensively at the time of our first quarter earnings release, our reduction in sales for both the fourth quarter and the full year were driven really by changes in available content due to architectural shifts and product designs of certain smartphone models. 
We're pleased that the team outperformed our previously revised expectations of an approximately 30% reduction for the full year, a great testament to our mobile device team's continued agility in the face of an always volatile market. 
Looking into the first quarter 2020, we anticipate a relatively normal seasonal sequential decline of approximately 25%. And for the full year 2020, we expect sales in the mobile device market to be flat with 2019 levels. 
Although 2019 was a difficult year for this market after our record performance in 2018, I can just tell you that we come into 2020 in a great position to capitalize on any future opportunities for growth that may emerge. Our leading array of antennas, interconnect and mechanisms continues to enable a broad range of next-generation mobile devices. And while this market will no doubt remain one of the most volatile, our outstanding team working in mobile devices looks forward to continuing to drive value for our customers and for Amphenol into the future. 
The mobile networks market represented 6% of our sales in the quarter and 8% of our sales for the full year 2019. Sales in this market decreased from prior year by a bit more-than-expected 20% in U.S. dollars and 31% organically as we were impacted by reduced demand from both OEMs and operators. 
As we discussed extensively back in July, the U.S. government restrictions on sales to certain Chinese entities ultimately resulted in many operator and OEM customers reassessing both their build-out plans and inventory levels, leading to lower demand for our products. 
For the full year 2019, our sales were down slightly from prior year but were down organically by 9% as the benefits of our acquisitions completed earlier in the year were offset by the dynamics I just mentioned. Looking ahead, while we expect sales in the first quarter to increase modestly from these levels, we do expect sales for the full year to be down in the low single digits as the full year impact from the U.S. government restrictions as well as the associated effects are partially offset by increased demand from operators who are beginning their next-generation network build-outs. 
Regardless of the challenges that arose in the mobile networks market in 2019, we're confident in the company's long-term position in this important and exciting industry. Our team continues to work aggressively to expand our opportunity with next-generation equipment and networks. And as customers plan for their advanced systems, we look forward to benefiting from the increased potential that comes from our unique position with both equipment manufacturers and mobile service providers around the world. This creates a significant long-term expansion potential for the company.
The information technology and data communications market represented 20% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 19% of our sales for the full year 2019. Sales in the quarter were stronger than expected, rising by 3% in U.S. dollars but down by 3% organically from prior year as the contributions from the Charles Industries and XGiga acquisitions, together with stronger sales of server-related products, were offset by lower sales of products incorporated into networking and storage systems. 
Sequentially, our sales in IT datacom grew by a stronger-than-expected 10% from the third quarter as our team capitalized on stronger demand in servers and storage and to a lesser extent, networking products. 
For the full year 2019, our sales in the IT datacom market were flat from prior year in U.S. dollars and down by 3% organically, a really strong performance by our team, given the impact of the U.S. government restrictions and the associated knock-on effects we discussed earlier. These results were a direct result of our team's continued efforts at developing industry-leading products across a wide array of technologies, including, in particular, high-speed and power products. 
In addition, our team continued to adapt quickly to the changing market environment, including by capitalizing on the expanding importance of web service providers, a group of customers that grew strongly in 2019. Looking ahead, we expect sales in the first quarter to moderate from these levels. And for the full year 2020, we anticipate sales to remain flat to 2019 levels as the full year effect from the U.S. government restrictions are offset by continued growth of next-generation products sold into a wide array of customers, including those web service providers. 
We remain very encouraged by the company's strong technology position in the global IT datacom market. Our customers around the world continue to drive their equipment to ever higher levels of performance in order to manage the dramatic increases in demand for bandwidth and processor power. In turn, our team remains singularly focused on enabling this continuing revolution in IT datacom through their ongoing development of a wide range of next-generation technologies. 
Finally, the broadband market represented 4% of our sales, both in the fourth quarter and the full year. As we had expected, sales decreased by 6% from prior year as spending levels from broadband operators continued to moderate. 
On a sequential basis, sales decreased by 6% also from the third quarter. There's no question that 2019 was a challenging year in this market as our sales declined by 7% from prior year on reduced levels of operator capital spending. 
Looking ahead, while we expect sales to moderate slightly from these levels in the first quarter, for the full year, we expect our sales in the broadband market to increase in the low double digits as operators begin to ramp up their network upgrades. Despite the challenging conditions in the broadband market last year, we remain encouraged by the company's continually expanding range of products, together with our strong positions with customers around the world. We continue to position ourselves as the most flexible supplier, thereby ensuring that the company can benefit as operators begin to increase network investments. 
So just in summary, while 2019 was a challenging year in many respects, I come out of the year extremely proud of our team's performance. Amidst a very uncertain market environment and in the face of many unexpected dynamics that developed during the year, the Amphenol organization has clearly continued to execute extraordinarily well. Through our dual-pronged approach of growing both organically and through our acquisition program, the company continues to expand our market position while strengthening our financial performance. 
Amphenol's superior performance is a direct reflection of our distinct competitive advantages: our leading technology; our increasing position with customers in diverse markets; our worldwide presence; a lean and flexible cost structure; highly effective acquisition program; and most importantly, our agile, entrepreneurial management team. 
Now turning to our outlook and given the continued heightened level of market uncertainty and based, of course, on constant exchange rates, we now expect for the first quarter and full year 2020 the following. For the first quarter, we expect sales in the range of $1.960 billion to $2 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.85 to $0.87. This represents a sales increase versus prior year of 0% to 2% in U.S. dollars and 1% to 3% in local currency and a decrease versus prior year adjusted diluted EPS of 2% to 4%. 
For the full year 2020, we expect sales in the range of $8.240 billion to $8.400 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.76 to $3.84. For the full year, this guidance represents both sales growth -- represents sales growth of flat to up 2% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 1% to 3%. 
We're encouraged by the company's performance in 2019, and all of us at Amphenol look forward to driving renewed strength going forward into 2020, even amidst the many dynamics around the world. I remain very confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to build upon our results in 2019 and to continue to capitalize on the many future opportunities to grow our market position and expand our profitability. 
And with that, operator, we'd be very happy to take any questions.

Yes. Well, thank you, Amit. And I think every year, we get into that discussion about our guidance for mobile devices with good reason. It's a very difficult market to guide to, and you'll remember our -- my track record over a number of years is not the greatest at being accurate. 
All that being said, we came into last year with an outlook of being down in the mid- to high or high-teens. And in fact, we ended up even though we adjusted the guidance down early in the year, but our team ended up really doing a great job in the second half and ended up for the year down in mobile devices by 20% and in fact, 19% in local currencies. So we were kind of spot-on last year, which was a first in a many year period. 
I think our flat guidance is based on what we see today. I think our team has done an excellent job of positioning ourselves well, making sure that we're present on lots of different new platforms, that we're getting at least our fair share, if not more than our fair share of a variety of allocations and that we're working on lots and lots of different mobile devices. 
And I think that last point is a very important one. People talk a lot about mobile devices in terms of just a phone or a smartphone or something like that, but there is an extraordinary array of devices more and more, which becomes smart devices, and ultimately, one calls them a mobile device. 
I mean I was just, as you know, out in Las Vegas 1.5 weeks ago at the Consumer Electronics Show. And seeing that, essentially, everything has become smart. You cannot find a category of a thing that one uses in one's life and not find at the Consumer Electronics Show a smart version thereof. And these smart devices ranging from frying pans to drink mixers to things you put on your wrist to exercising devices and of course, to smartphones and tablets, laptops, wearables, headphones, all of those things, these continue to create new and wonderful opportunities for our company to find ways to grow as our products can help our customers make their products better. And that remains. 
And I'd just remind everybody, our philosophy in mobile devices, our philosophy remains that we will participate in those products where we can help our customers add value. And just the constant growth of the types of products that are out there, I think, creates a good opportunity for us. All that being said, it's a very volatile market. It's a very, very hard to predict market. 
And as we sit here today, just in the third week of January of 2020, flat is what we see. And you can bet our team will do everything they can to capitalize on any incremental opportunities that may arise.

Yes. I mean look, we're very happy if the world's 2 largest economies can work their way towards a more peaceful coexistence economically. And so I think from that perspective, we applaud that there is this Phase 1 deal in a very macro standpoint. 
All that being said, if you look at really what the Phase 1 deal really means, it does not roll back, for example, the vast majority of tariffs. And you'll remember well, Mark, List 1, List 2, List 3. I mean those tariffs are all still in place, and those are tariffs that our team has done a fabulous job of managing through in 2019 and before, and we'll continue to manage through them going into this year. 
The restrictions that are really part of a national security discussion as opposed to part of a trade discussion, none of those restrictions have really gone away. So I wouldn't say that there are tangible benefits of the Phase 1, but I think there's a huge intangible long term, which I very much applaud, which is that it's progress. And hopefully, that will lead to more progress, which will lead to really resolving some of the more insidious parts of the trade war that have gone on so far.

Yes. I mean I don't know that the normal seasonality -- I mean, normal is what in the mobile devices. There -- we -- I think our guidance would imply that there is still a strong second half pickup in our sales in the mobile devices in 2020.
Is it as strong as it was this year? No, but I think that if you look this year from Q4 to Q1, we were down by more than 50%. And so every year in mobile devices has a little bit of a different cadence across the quarters depending on how things go.
We had that extraordinary quarter in the fourth quarter of 2018. We then had a very significant more-than-half reduction sequentially into Q1 of 2019. This quarter, we anticipate a relatively modest sequential reduction in the first quarter, let's call it, a more normal sequential reduction in the kind of mid-20s. And so I wouldn't say that there is any sort of big categorical difference in terms of how that cadence goes across the year.

Yes. I mean I'm not maybe as good at finding where are bottoms and where are tops. And part of that may be because distribution is a relatively small proportion of our sales and I think there are plenty of companies who have relatively high distribution content who maybe see that a little bit more clearly on sell-throughs and inventory levels and all that's associated with distribution.
I think the overall demand environment remains very uncertain. I'm pleased with how our team did in the fourth quarter. I'm especially pleased that we had a positive book-to-bill in the fourth quarter, which gives me some sense of confidence.
At the same time, there are a few of our markets where the first half of last year has a very difficult comparison to the first half of this year. And for one, I would point out mobile networks, where, clearly, we will see in the first half of this year because of all the dynamics that we already have discussed a few times, we'll see that market being down relatively significantly in the first half. And that has some impact on the overall outlook for the year.
But are we at a bottom? I think it really depends by market. And I think it's not always easy for us, sitting where we sit, to pick are we or are we not at the bottom.

Yes. I think the auto market, clearly, as we went through the course of last year, and we talked about this a lot in the middle of the year, we did not see a recovery in the auto market that we had anticipated would have come in the second half. And that ultimately kept our performance more muted than we would have liked.
Now all that being said, I think that we were, in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, flat on an organic basis. For the full year, just down by a very small amount, organically. And that's in a worldwide automotive market where, you probably know the numbers better than I do, but I think it's like 6%, 7% volumes down.
I think there's lots of different forecasts for what the automotive market will be in 2020, but none of them seem to be so rosy in terms of the outlook. I think our team, we don't go about forecasting our business by saying what is production and what is content.
But I think, very clearly, with our outlook to grow in the low single digits in 2020, I think that continues to represent gains in content by the company. And as it relates to new programs, I mean, we are always working on lots of new programs that, in particular, are dealing with new electronic systems in the car, things like electric drivetrains, things like new emission systems, things like new passenger comfort and infotainment systems.
And when we looked at our performance in the fourth quarter, that was not clearly driven on a sequential basis, where we grew 3% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. That was not driven by auto volumes. That was really driven by some of these new programs that we've been working hard on for a number of years starting to ramp up. And we would expect to see some of that to continue into 2020.

Yes. I mean operators don't give you the longest-term forecasts, and that's one of the things about being in the service provider market. And we know how to work in service provider markets, we've gotten very good at it over the years.
And forecasting in a service provider market is not so easy. And I think the operators are -- some of them are still of the mind to say, "Let's wait and see how this whole thing shakes out vis-à-vis, which vendors can we use and not use, in particular, in places outside of the U.S." 
I think, in the U.S., the problem does -- isn't related necessarily to that because that's pretty well defined. But it's more in the U.S., you continue to have uncertainties around corporate combinations and the sort of, is the equipment ready and is the economics around 5G there to support significant investment increases. And I think those are still yet to be seen.
But look, we expect in 2020 to see some next-generation network build-out, not enough to offset the comparisons that I talked about in one of the prior questions. But certainly, we do expect to see that with some of our operator customers around the world. And to the extent that they decide to accelerate those or that the economics become more clear or the supply base becomes more clear, we will be right there to support them whenever they need us.

Yes. So I think the answer is, yes, we expect some modest amount of organic growth in the year in industrial. I think across which segments, it's a little hard to say that in advance, no doubt about it.
I mean we had good momentum in industrial, finishing the year in instrumentation, alternative energy and medical. I mean those all seem to have continued outlooks of favorability, but it's very hard to forecast which of the many segments of the industrial market are going to ultimately drive the result. Relative to distribution and the sort of stock positions and all of that, I think we did see over the course of the year in 2019 relatively significant reductions in industrial distribution between the first half and the second half.
I don't say that we have a big recovery for that embedded into our numbers. I think a lot of distributors are waiting and seeing to see, ultimately, when is the end demand going to come back in those markets which they serve.
All that being said, what we feel very good about in the industrial market beyond just our core position, we've made some outstanding acquisitions over the course of the last year, which have really built our product offering and our penetration into those various segments of the industrial market in a real significant way.
And so our team is working very hard around the world to leverage those new product offerings to make sure that we can continue to become ever more important to our customers. And to the extent those customers ultimately have more demand to fulfill, I think that will be a real tough choice for them to work with in 2020 and beyond.

Yes. Shawn, sorry, either I misspoke or you misheard because I said -- I think I said low single-digit growth in broadband. So I apologize for that if it was my misstatement.

Which is still good, given the last few years.

Yes. I mean that's a little bit hard to say. I think we feel very good about our position in the IT datacom market. Clearly, the first half has a more magnified impact because of the various effects. And it's not just the ban itself, but also the knock-on effects that we discussed, I think, pretty extensively back in our second quarter discussion.
So I -- what would it be, organically? I don't know, low single digits, something like that. If I sit where I sit today, which is the very beginning of the year, thinking about a market that is not always the easiest to forecast, maybe something like that around those levels. But no doubt about it, there are parts of that market where we continue to make great progress irregardless of what's happening in the overall environment. 
And I mentioned our progress that we've made in web service providers, which had really great growth last year, double-digit growth organically in an environment where those customers, that part of the IT datacom world is really striving for a real step function increase in bandwidth and processor capability in order to support just all what is being supported, a lot of which is, as you know very well, getting people to watch videos on their phones and tablets and over-the-top on their TVs at home. And that extraordinary increase in video traffic continues to drive just a lot of demand for the next-generation higher-speed products.
So what will that ultimately be? It's hard to say at this stage. I think the guidance that we've given to be flat for the year is a very good guidance, given all the dynamics. And obviously, our team is going to work very hard to outperform that if they can.

Yes. Well, thanks very much, Matt. Look, we are very excited about our sensor business. And yes, it's a very small acquisition and maybe I sound a little more excited than the scale of it. And I think the reason for that is a fewfold.
Number one, it is our first acquisition that we've made in India of a private company. And it gives us a new base of low-cost manufacturing at a time when diversification of low cost seems to be not a bad idea in many respects. And I think this EXA will really be a fabulous base for us to support the world, which they do already. And in addition, it gives us really a direct, on-the-ground access to the Indian market for sensors, which we have not had before. So that's something that's very new. And we would really anticipate in the future that, that team will become a beachhead for us in a very, very important market, in particular, in the industrial market, but also in automotive, mil aero and otherwise.
In terms of where do we stand in our scale in sensors, we're a lot bigger than we were before. We don't talk publicly about exactly what the size of our sensors is, but you can piece that together relatively well by looking at the disclosed sizes of all of our acquisitions and knowing that we've grown our sensor business organically at a relatively robust pace during that time period.
What do we look forward to in terms of that sort of value-add offering? I can tell you that now that we are 6 years in to having owned our first sensor company, which was the GE Advanced Sensor acquisition, we see a lot of opportunities with customers to give them a total solution of interconnect and sensor products, which ultimately allows them to simplify their approach to their vendor base to have one company on whom they can rely for that total system and especially a company that has that harsh environment capabilities that we have had for so many decades, in fact, the whole history of Amphenol.
And I think that, that proposition, which was originally more of a hypothesis when we acquired the Advanced Sensors Business 6 years ago is clearly a platform for us for long-term growth in the sensor and the interconnect market. And we look forward to taking advantage of that for many years to come.

Yes. I think the inventory conditions in the channel, again it's a relatively small proportion of our sales, just 15% of our sales through distribution. And we get some visibility across that 15%.
I'd say that the inventory positions are healthy. I would say that they are relative to the end demand of the market. So we have some proportion of our distribution, which is in the military market, where there's very robust demand and where we've done a great job of satisfying that demand, and so maybe inventories have come a little bit up in that area. And conversely, we've seen them come a little bit down in areas like the industrial market. But I wouldn't point to any significant kind of disruptions that we would see there in inventory.
Relative to our direct customers, there's no question, and we talked about this at the -- in the middle of the year, that our customers following, in particular, after the events of the second quarter between the U.S. and China, a number of our customers looked at their overall inventory position and decided that maybe they had a little too much. And I'd say that those positions as best as we can tell because we don't have any visibility that's a real visibility. But at least the anecdotal evidence is that they -- those positions are working down into a little bit more of a healthy environment.

Yes. I mean look, we always struggle with this here in the first quarter, Will, as you know, coming up with a guidance and knowing when we have clarity. I think we usually have decent clarity, at least in our design-in position, sometime into the second quarter. But look, I think the guidance that we've given is based on a very, very rigorous look at all of our design-in positions and the outlooks from the customers, obviously, taking some with grains of salt.
In terms of the next-generation architectures, I mean, the good news about these architectural changes, whether that be 5G, whether that be Wi-Fi 6 or something else, the good news about them is they tend to stack on each other as opposed to replace something else. Because if you take 5G as an example, you will not buy a phone if it only works for 5G. You will not buy a tablet if it only works for 5G because the 5G networks are going to be relatively minimalistic up until -- for a number of years to come, and thus, it has to be an additional functionality in that device, which has then backwards compatibility to 4G network, LTE, to 3G. And you know what? Sometimes you're driving through a part of the country and some of those parts of the country seem to even be in Connecticut, where you don't even have 3G. You have 2G or Edge or whatever they have to call it. And the phone got to work. You've got to be able to call 911. You got to be able to make at least a phone call, even if you cannot watch your Netflix movie at the same time. And because of that, these devices become more complex. They may add some type of architecture of a 5G, whether it's antenna or the whole signal path associated with it. But ultimately, it increases the complexity, which creates opportunities for us, all things being equal.
Now I say all things being equal because every new device has a different cut of how they're going to architect it, a different approach, and that's why you have to be so flexible and dynamic and innovative as a supplier into that market. But I think those are things that our team has really nailed down for many, many years.
And so what that 5G will bring, I think, at a minimum, it doesn't make things worse. And can it create opportunities? I think, certainly, it can. And the same goes with something like a Wi-Fi 6, which maybe will slowly take over for the higher speeds that it entails, and that can create new opportunities for us over the long term.

Well, to your first question, do I feel better than 3 to 6 months ago, yes, I mean, 6 months ago was not the most fun, having dealt with everything that we faced in Q2 and the relatively sudden impact of the restrictions and the various aspects of the trade war and other knock-on effects. So yes, I guess, I feel fundamentally better than I did at that time.
Does our guide contemplate a recovery? I think arithmetically, you can apply some sort of normal seasonalities and see that, yes, I mean, our second half is assumed to have some growth compared to the first half. Now that's not so odd for us. We do typically have a second half that's stronger than the first half. We had that in this last year. Even without the impact of the acquisition, there was growth in the second half. But I think that, for sure, we have some expectation.
Is that a recovery with a capital R? Or is that a normalization? Or is that us also expanding our position on a variety of new programs? I would call it a good combination of all of the above.

Yes. I mean look, I think, first of all, just for the overall outlook of the company, there's not a program, including the one you mentioned, that is material to our overall outlook. But in that market, commercial air, which did represent for us for the full year just 5% of sales, one significant program can have some modest impact on your outlook, and that's what it has had here. I mean our overall presumption is consistent with probably what everybody has read publicly in terms of timing. And I wouldn't say much more than that.

Well, thank you very much, Jim, and Happy New Year to you as well. Look, I mean, 2 variables, end markets, I mean, we're focused really on making sure the company performs regardless of what risks emerge for us. I think we saw in 2019 many things that came about that we did not anticipate. And to categorize in advance, well, that could happen or this could happen, that's not how we operate the business.
The way we operate the business is we try to be prepared, regardless. And so I can tell you that our team fully expects that, in 2020, there may be unexpected external things that happen. And occasionally, some of those external things that happen can have some sort of effect on Amphenol, and it's up to our team to really make sure that, that doesn't have any financial harm to the company. And what you see in our results in 2019 is clearly that our team sprung into action quickly, dealt with whatever came our way, managed effectively and ultimately brought the company out of 2019 in a stronger position than we had come into it. And I think that's the whole mantra for Amphenolians worldwide is we cannot necessarily control the environment, but we can control our agility in the face of that environment. And that's true inside of each of our markets.
If in military, there were a decline in spending, well, our team would deal with it. We would manage it. And by the way, we would have just outstanding presence with customers who we have pleased so well during the course of this latest expansion. We would do a fabulous job of that. We just talked about aerospace. I mean in the industrial market, we have such a great position now because of the acquisitions that we've made and the various new product developments that we are ready for whichever end market goes up, and we're ready to deal with it if there is something that would happen within those segments that would not be as favorable.
And I could go through each of the markets in that way. I wouldn't say that any of our markets, sitting here where we sit, has a different kind of risk of something external happening. I would, of course, say that some of our markets are a little easier to predict than others.
The mobile devices being the one that's the hardest to predict on one side and maybe the military being the one that is a little bit more certain because of the length of the lead times and the spending patterns. But I didn't answer your question in terms of 2 variables, but I can tell you that our team is focused on dealing with any variable that would come our way.
And then maybe, Craig, I'll let you talk about the...

Yes. I mean I think, David, that all these regulations, whether they be CO2 emissions regulations, whether it be like PM 2.5 kind of regulations, Euro 6, the China version thereof, I mean, all these regulations tend to create dislocations, which requires then new technology solutions to meet with those regulations. And I think, by and large, those are always great inflection points for our organization to take advantage of them with our new enabling technologies. And so I wouldn't just confine it to that universe of CO2 emissions in Europe, but rather just broadly, as we see more regulatory impact in the automotive market, those do create opportunities long term and one that our team is well positioned to take advantage of.
We've done a great job on working in electric drivetrain over -- around the world. The biggest market for electric drivetrains has been at least so far in China, and that's a place where our team has just done a fabulous job of positioning ourselves. So it's really great harsh environment, high-power interconnect solutions, but that's something we're doing really around the world.
And so from that sort of micro example of electric drivetrains, we're very well positioned. Each platform, you can't say that, universally, it is a positive when something goes from a combustion to an electric drivetrain. But by and large, technological shifts like this are good because they create those inflection points and opportunities for new technology.

Look, I mean, I think it's a broader question and it's one that we've, I think, talked about in prior calls, which is not even just specific to one customer, but is there a kind of a nationalistic purchasing that can happen in the world, including in China, but not exclusive to China because of the nature of the various trade disputes that have happened over the last 2, 3 years. And I think what I've said consistently and we continue to absolutely maintain is that it may happen that the world becomes a more local world as opposed to a globalizing world, and our team is ready for that, regardless. And I think that's the real essence of how we operate in China, how we operate in India, how we operate in the U.S. or elsewhere is we do that with local teams who give real localized support for their customers.
And because of that, the original restrictions, we were able to work through them and continue to support customers because we're not exporting technology. We're complying, obviously, with every law from the first minute those laws are implemented. But our teams are really developing, supporting, covering the customer, ensuring the quality, doing everything in a local fashion really around the world.
And so to the extent that one day, one country decides that they're not going to buy from just American companies, we're still an American company. But I can tell you that our people are giving local support as if they were a Chinese, an Indian, a Macedonian, a German company as well. And that's a real differentiator for our company.
And so as long as we can offer our customers truly special products that ultimately solve their problems and if we do that in a localized way, I'm confident that we'll be able to minimize any impacts from any of the geopolitical dynamics that have gone on here during the course of these last few years.

Yes. It can be -- at this early in the year, it can be a combination of all of the above. I mean, our team is working on new programs all the time. But sometimes those programs, they change pretty soon before they're released. You'd be surprised how dynamic the designs of consumer products can be, and so you're not fixed until they're really starting to build the things and ship them in volume.
And so our team continues to work very hard to maximize what our position is. In January, where we sit, it's not so easy to be able to tell exactly what's going to happen, even if we have a pretty good read on it as good as we can have here in January.
But look, no doubt about it, our team has demonstrated the flexibility that we're going to go out there and win absolutely everything that we can possibly win. We're going to maximize our allocation, given the -- our discipline on cost and on price. And we're going to make sure that we can execute on whatever our customers put in front of us.

Yes. Well, look, I mean, how are other companies doing here in the fourth quarter, smaller companies, I can tell you, if you don't have the diversity of Amphenol, if you don't have the reach of Amphenol, the breadth and the balance of Amphenol, the depth of technology, 2019 is not an easy year. There's no doubt about it. So I can imagine that, that could have been a tough year for many, much tougher than what we saw.
I mean you look at our whole performance for the year, we were down by 3% organically in the year. That is essentially the impact of mobile devices. I mean mobile devices was down 20% for the full year, and it was 17% of our sales in 2018. Just the math of it is that represents just a bit more than 3% organic growth. All the other markets start to balance themselves out. And I think that's a testament to the diversification of the company.
Now look, going into 2020, I can't hear you perfectly, Steve. But what I think you said is that we don't have earnings growth this year, but we have guided to 1% to 3% earnings growth and 0% to 2% U.S. dollar growth this year. And I think if we go back a year ago, it's not materially different than the guidance that we had coming into 2019.
I think it's a prudent guidance. It's a guidance that reflects the still highly uncertain environment, and it's one that also reflects great efforts by the team to drive cost improvements, to drive value with our customers and ultimately to drive a strong performance.
And to the extent that there are opportunities for us to do better than that environment in the year, you can bet for well that everybody around Amphenol, all 74,000 of us, are going to jump on those opportunities with full vigor and energy and thereby execute on them. So I think it's actually a very strong outlook from that perspective, given the overall environment that we're in and the strong conversion, as Craig talked about.
Operator, are there any more questions?

That's wonderful. Well, thank you all very much. And again, despite Joe's reference, I will once more wish you all a Happy New Year and wish, in particular, that you have a great start to 2020. And we look forward to speaking with you all again here in about 90 days. Thanks so much.