Well, Craig, thank you very much. And I'd like to extend my welcome to all of you here on the phone today, thanks so much for spending a few of your precious minutes with us today.
As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our achievements in the third quarter. I'll then discuss the trends and progress across our served markets. Finally, I'll comment on our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year 2019. And of course, we'll have some time for questions at the end.
Our results in the third quarter exceeded the high end of the company's guidance in both sales and earnings per share and that was despite continued elevated levels of uncertainty in the marketplace. Sales declined by 1% in U.S. dollars and were flat in local currencies, reaching $2 billion -- just over $2.1 billion. Sales in the quarter were down by 6% organically.
Company booked just under $2.1 billion in orders, representing a book-to-bill of also just under 1:1. Adjusted diluted EPS in the quarter reached $0.95, which while down 4% from prior year, was $0.07 above the high end of our guidance that we gave last -- at the end of last quarter.
Operating margins in the quarter were 19.7% and did come in a bit stronger than we had anticipated coming into the quarter. Craig mentioned that the company generated very strong operating and free cash flow of $412 million and $341 million, respectively, in the quarter. I just want to emphasize that this is a great reflection of the quality of the company's earnings. 
I'm extremely proud of the Amphenol team around the world. In what's clearly a challenging market environment, we performed very well this quarter, and these excellent results are another clear reflection of the agility and discipline of our entrepreneurial organization around the world.
We're very pleased to have completed 2 additional acquisitions just here at the end of the quarter, which together represent approximately $60 million in annual sales, and which we acquired for a collective purchase price of approximately $87 million. First, Cablescan. It's a manufacturer of high-technology cable assemblies for the military aerospace market. Based in Yorkshire in the U.K., Cablescan's products are sold into a range of military aerospace applications, including in particular land vehicles and aviation. And this company represents an outstanding complement to our already broad array of value-add interconnect solutions for the important military and commercial aerospace market.
XGiga is the manufacturer of active fiber optic interconnect products for the global communications markets. And this company, which is based in Shenzhen, China, broadens our product offering and strengthens our already industry-leading offering of high-speed interconnect products for the communications infrastructure markets.
So as we welcome these outstanding new teams to the Amphenol family, we remain very confident that our acquisition program will continue to create great value for the company. We've now acquired 9 great businesses so far here in 2019, and these excellent companies collectively represent annualized revenues of approximately $530 million. And more importantly, they have strengthened Amphenol across nearly all of our end markets, with their entrepreneurial management teams, their high-technology product offerings and their complementary market positions. 
Most importantly though, these new family members create additional platforms for future expansion and performance improvement in the company. We're pleased that our acquisition program remains a core competitive advantage for Amphenol. 
Now turning to our progress across our served markets, I would just comment that we continue to be very encouraged by the value created by the company's balanced and broad end market diversification. Once again, in the third quarter, no market represented more than 20% of our sales. And very importantly, this diversification helps to mitigate the impact of the volatility of individual end markets while all the while exposing us to leading technologies, wherever they may arise across the electronics industry.
So turning first to the military market. The military market represented 12% of our sales in the quarter. Sales grew by the better-than-expected and very strong 26% in both U.S. dollars and organically. This strong growth was very broad-based but was driven in particular by growth in military vehicles, naval applications, aviation and communications equipment. Sequentially, our sales increased by a very strong 9% in what is normally a seasonally more moderate quarter.
Looking ahead, we expect sales in the fourth quarter to again increase modestly from these third quarter levels. And for the full year 2019, we now expect to achieve sales growth in the military market of just above 20%. This improved outlook reflects our team's excellent execution in the face of higher demand from customers across the defense market.
I remain extremely proud of Amphenol's team working in the military market. With strong demand that's being driven by both robust defense spending, together with accelerating adoption of new technologies, our organization has simply done an outstanding job reacting to satisfy that demand while also expanding our overall market position.
The addition of Cablescan this quarter further strengthens our already strong value-add interconnect offering for a wide array of harsh environment applications. And our broadened range of interconnect products, together with the strongest and most international manufacturing footprint, positions us very strongly for the future.
The commercial aerospace market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in commercial aero were also stronger than expected, growing 15% in U.S. dollars and 16% organically, as we capitalized on continued strong demand for next-generation jetliners with high electronic content. Sequentially, our sales are up slightly from the second quarter.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect sales to increase modestly from these levels. And for the full year 2019, we continue to expect a low double-digit increase in sales from prior year.
The commercial aero market continues to represent a significant opportunity for the future in Amphenol. Our customers are implementing new technologies on existing and next-generation jetliner platforms, which creates increased demand for our high-technology products. We look forward to benefiting from that favorable trend for many years to come.
The industrial market represented 20% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in the third quarter increased by a less-than-expected 4% in U.S. dollars, and we're down by 6% organically as growth in oil and gas and medical applications was more than offset by reductions in heavy equipment, instrumentation and battery-related products.
On a sequential basis, our sales did increase by 2% from the second quarter as the contributions from the CONEC and Bernd Richter acquisitions that we announced last quarter were offset in part by slowing demand in the industrial market, and that demand was slowing in particular in Europe.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect sales in the industrial market to further moderate from current levels due to slowing demand, especially in Europe. And for the full year 2019, we now expect growth in the low single digits. And this represents a modest reduction from our prior expectations. 
This slowdown is related to reduced demand outlook from both our distributor and OEM customers. Regardless of this further erosion of demand that we're now seeing, we remain very encouraged by the company's leading position in the industrial market.
Through both our successful acquisition program as well as our organic initiatives, we have developed a very broad array of interconnect sensor and antenna products across a diversified range of exciting segments within the global industrial market. We're proud of this success and look forward to continuing to realize the benefits of our efforts in the industrial market into the future. 
The automotive market represented 18% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in the automotive market were roughly as expected in the third quarter, with sales increasing from prior year by 4% in U.S. dollars but down 2% organically. The organic moderation of sales was related to both the European and North American markets. Sequentially, our automotive sales decreased slightly as the addition of GJM last quarter was offset by a moderation of demand from the European automakers, in particular.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect a slight decrease in sales from these levels. And for the full year 2019, we now expect sales to be up only slightly from prior year.
Regardless of the less favorable demand environment in the automotive market this year, I will just tell you that our position in this important market is as strong as ever. Customers around the world are continuing to design their new vehicle platforms with a wide array of electronic functionality, and we're working aggressively with those customers to design in our broadening portfolio of interconnect sensor and antenna products onto their next-generation vehicles. In addition, we continue to work on a wide array of advanced vehicle technologies, including next-generation electrified drivetrains, autonomous driving systems and many others.
The mobile device market represented 15% of our sales in the quarter, and our sales were much better than expected in the third quarter, growing a very strong 32% sequentially from the second quarter. On a year-over-year basis, sales were down, although by a less-than-expected 21%, as growth in tablets and wearables was more than offset by lower sales related to smartphones and laptops.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we do expect sales to moderate from these levels. For the full year 2019, however, we now expect the sales reduction in the mid-20% range, which is an improvement from our prior guidance of -- an approximately 30% reduction from prior year.
This upgrade in our outlook is related to increased demand for our antenna connector and mechanism products that have been designed into new mobile platforms. And I can say that as we drive towards the end of the year, our team will for sure remain poised as always to capitalize on any additional incremental demand opportunities that may arise. I remain encouraged by our position in the mobile devices market. Our team is working on a wide array of next-generation mobile devices, including smartphones, laptops, tablets, wearables and many, many other accessories, and we're confident that in the long term, this market will continue to be a positive contributor to the company's overall performance. Most importantly though, our exceptional team remains the most agile at reacting to the inevitable changes that occur in the mobile devices market, which allows us to thereby secure both our market position as well as the company's financial performance.
The mobile networks market represented 8% of our sales in the quarter. Our performance was a bit better than expected in the third quarter, with sales decreasing only slightly in U.S. dollars and flat in local currencies. On an organic basis, our sales declined by 12% as the impact of the restrictions put on certain Chinese entities that we discussed last quarter more than offset growth that we did see with service providers in the quarter. Sequentially, sales were down by 10% from the second quarter, largely related to the same dynamics that we discussed extensively last quarter.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect a further reduction of sales in the mobile networks market. And for the full year 2019, we continue to expect sales to be flat to prior year in U.S. dollars, but down in the high single digits organically, as benefits from our acquisitions are offset by a moderation in demand from both OEM and operator customers.
Regardless of the more challenging market environment here in 2019, we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for our mobile networks business. Our leading-edge interconnect and antenna solutions have positioned the company strongly with both equipment manufacturers and operator customers around the world. As those customers plan for 5G and other network upgrades, we look forward to benefiting from our robust position as their partner. This creates a significant long-term expansion potential for the company.
The information technology and data communications market represented 18% of our sales in the quarter, and sales were down by a bit less than expected 9% in U.S. dollars and 13% organically, with reductions in products sold into networking servers and storage hardware. Sequentially, our sales were down only slightly from the second quarter, as demand from OEMs exceeded our reduced expectations that we had coming into the quarter.
Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect sales to moderate from current levels. And for the full year 2019, we now anticipate a decline in the low single digits from prior year, and this represents a modest upgrade from our guidance that we discussed last quarter.
Amidst all of these current market dynamics, our OEM and service provider customers across the IT datacom market are continuing to push their systems and networks to ever higher levels of performance. Our ability to enable such performance through our next-generation high-speed fiber optic power and other interconnect solutions has allowed Amphenol to be a leader in this market. And we're confident that we will continue to maintain that position over the long term.
The addition of XGiga this quarter significantly strengthens our offering for high-speed applications, adding active fiber optic interconnect to our already strong passive fiber optic and high-speed copper solutions. The broadband market represented 4% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in the third quarter grew by 11% sequentially, which was a bit better than we had expected. Compared to prior year, our sales declined by 5%, as spending by broadband operators, essentially in all geographies, continued to moderate. 
Looking ahead, we expect sales to moderate seasonally in the fourth quarter. And for the full year 2019, we continue to expect sales to be down in the high single digits from prior year on reduced investments by broadband operators. Irrespective of this continued muted outlook in the broadband market, we remain encouraged by the company's still expanding range of products for this market, which together with our deep relationships with customers around the world, positions Amphenol for future success.
So in summary, with respect to the third quarter, I just want to say that I'm very pleased with the company's performance in the quarter, especially given the high degree of uncertainty that remains in the world economy. While we had come into this quarter with a more muted outlook, we were able to outperform those levels through excellent execution by our teams around the world.
The Amphenol organization has clearly continued to perform well in this very dynamic marketplace. And in particular, our long-term approach of growing both organically and through our successful acquisition program has resulted in us expanding our market position while strengthening the company's financial performance. And that superior financial performance is a direct reflection of the company's distinct competitive advantages: our leading technology; our increasing position with customers in diverse markets; our broad worldwide presence; our lean and flexible cost structure; our highly effective acquisition program; and most importantly, our agile and entrepreneurial management team.
Now turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year, considering the heightened level of uncertainty in the overall economy, and of course assuming, as always, constant exchange rates, we now expect the following results. For the first quarter, we expect sales in the range of $1.960 billion to $2 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.89 to $0.91. This represents a sales reduction versus prior year of 10% to 12% and a decrease versus prior year adjusted diluted EPS of 13% to 15%.
For the full year 2019, we now expect sales in the range of $8.035 billion to $8.075 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.65 to $3.67. For the full year, this new guidance represents sales and adjusted diluted EPS decline of 2% and 3%, respectively.
Regardless of this year's more challenging market environment, I just want to assure you that the Amphenol's management team looks forward to driving strong results into the future. Our team is aggressively pursuing a diverse array of growth opportunities while reacting quickly to align costs with current levels of demand. This is the essence of the agile Amphenolian culture, as embodied by that outstanding organization. And it is that team coupled with our deep technology position with customers across our markets and complemented by our successful acquisition program that positions the company very strongly for the long term.
And with that, operator, we'd be very happy to take any questions that there may be.

Yes. I mean, Wamsi, just -- you've done good math here. I would just point out a couple of factors. I mean, number one, currency is a drag in this guidance compared to prior guidance and not insignificant, I think somewhere to the tune of, what, $30-plus million dollars of currency impact. We did have the positive impact of the acquisitions. I think as well we talked about all this given markets. I won't go into each of the markets. I think I already spent a long time to discuss those, but we feel very good about this guidance in its totality. When you think about the strengths here in across many of our markets compared to what we saw last time, I think this is a very strong guidance. The other thing I would just point out is that we had higher than expected mobile devices results in the third quarter. And I think some of that came a little bit earlier than we would've expected and doesn't necessarily represent a full year increase. I think some of that is higher for the year, and that's why we've talked about the year being down in the kind of mid-20s instead of 30%. But the strength that we saw here in the quarter was -- some portion of that may have also come out of the fourth quarter.

Yes. No. Thank you. I guess the short answer is kind of all of the above, Wamsi. I think we did see strength -- more-than-expected strength in smartphones but also in wearables and I would say it's on existing but also in particular on new products. So I think we've just seen a little bit better demand from a variety of customers across a variety of products is maybe the easiest way to answer that.

So well, I think, Jim, relative to our -- exceeding our outlook, I would just say that the mobile devices we saw strength really across platforms with a variety of customers both on new and existing platforms and that's a combination of new designs, existing designs on things like smartphones, wearables and otherwise. So it's not necessarily at this stage change in architecture because I think we talked about that early in the year. And I think by the third quarter, most of those architectures are already well settled. So I would credit this more with just better volumes and our ability in particular to meet those better volumes from customers, which is not the easiest thing in the world. I mean our team to come into the quarter with an expectation of kind of low double-digit sequential growth, but in the end to achieve a 32% sequential increase in sales in mobile devices, that requires an enormous amount of agility to ramp up in the face of that demand. And I just give an enormous amount of credit to our team to ramp up in the face of that. And as usual, the agility of our mobile devices team I think is really second to none in our company or across the industry.

Yes. I mean Sean, you're the expert on this even more than I. But I will just say that the industrial trends today and industrial is the market that is more heavily distributed for us, as you know well. The industrial trends are not the most favorable. I think we came into the quarter with a certain expectation. You'll recall, last quarter, we talked about the fact that in the second half we had anticipated previously a step up in both the industrial and automotive market. We then came to the conclusion through the course of the second quarter that, that was not going to happen. We saw that indication from our distributors and OEM customers. 
And I think this quarter, it got maybe a little weaker on both fronts there again. And so from the distribution perspective, our distribution sales in total were down on a sequential basis. We haven't seen from an inventory perspective that kind of big spikes or changes in the inventory. But I think the end demand is really flowing through the distribution channel in that way.
What does that mean going forward? It's always very hard for me to predict that. I think it's definitely too early to call a kind of a recovery in industrial market. I think you all see no doubt the same reports that I see and I don't know that anybody is really calling that recovery. And I certainly wouldn't be the first to call such a recovery. 
And so as we head into next year, I think we're still in -- there is still a high degree of uncertainty about industrial demand trends, in particular in Europe, but not only in Europe. 
The European industrial market is intimately related to the automotive market, and I don't think it should come as any surprise that as people thought the second half would have a recovery in automotive and then that didn't come, that ultimately manifest itself in less industrial equipment manufacturing and demand. And I think that's kind of what we're seeing here in the quarter.
So when does that make its way through the distribution channel? What levels of inventory did the distributors ultimately conclude are the appropriate levels? I have a hard time to pin that down right now. I think what is our team doing in the face of this, well, we're doing what we always do. We're making adjustments where we have to make those adjustments. And some of our industrial operations have had to quickly react to that, having had different expectations coming into the second half of the year. And then we're going out there and continuing to design in products with customers where there remains a very, very strong amount of industrial electronics design in activities. And so that level of new product innovation, working on new applications with customers, enabling next-generation factories, enabling the electronification of all of these industrial equipment that we work on, none of that work has slowed. 
I mean to the contrary, I would say that our industrial customers around the world are still seeking ways to create new functionalities, new capabilities with their equipment. And that's something that our teams are intimately involved in around the world. So like always, it's one of those times where we've got to get our costs aligned, we deal with what comes away from our distributors and our OEMs, but we continue to focus on building next-generation products that can enable our customers' next-generation systems.

And just the one thing I would add to that, Matt, is, we don't talk about this, as you know, very often. I think the reason we did make some mention of it last quarter is, there was a real sudden change in the third quarter outlook from what we had anticipated coming into it, and that required a quicker and more magnified reactivity from our team. We talked extensively, 90 days ago, about why we were reducing our outlook at that point because of the variety of factors related to the trade war, related to the automotive industrial market distribution and otherwise, and that did result in a significant reduction in demand for some of our operations, which did require them to take very quick actions, which they all did. These are tough things. And we don't take lightly the actions that everybody took that dislocated people, that caused disruption. But I give a lot of credit to our organizations around the world who faced to that, that they're able to make it happen in the Amphenol way to take out the cost and to get out there, reallocating resources so that we can continue to drive strong progress for the company going forward.

Yes. I mean look, I think we're very excited for the long term with 5G. Our teams have done a great job of designing in a wide array of products into 5G systems with really the whole range of equipment manufacturers, working with operators around the world to ensure that when that spending does happen, we will be well-positioned for it. And I feel very good about the position that we have put ourselves in.
What I'm not so expert at is saying, when is that spending going to come? There is already some 5G spending, no doubt about it. There are networks -- test networks being put in place. There's drips of spending happening in a variety of places. No doubt about it. When will it have that overall impact that will be truly meaningful to the capital spending of service providers around the world? I think that's hard to say. I think a lot of it is really resting on the underlying economics of these networks. 
What are people going to be willing to pay more for and thereby support wireless operators to increase their capital spending? That dynamic is probably above my pay grade to determine when that happened. But all I can tell you is, we will be ready when it does.

Yes. Thanks very much, Mark. I mean I'll just address the GM strike first. I mean it was not a meaningful impact. We obviously prefer for our customers to be producing stuff instead of being on strike, so happy to hear that there are resolutions in sight, but it was not a meaningful impact on our performance in the quarter. 
I think the automotive market, if we looked at it in the quarter as it trended, it was very clear that across the 3 regions the most negative trending was in Europe where we were down sequentially on a year-over-year basis, organically down, but really that trending in Europe seemed to be the weakest of the regions. I will say that North America, the trending was maybe even a little tick up in the quarter, and that's despite what we just mentioned. In Asia, it was essentially on par with the prior year quarter.
So I guess of all the regions, we would feel a little less comfortable with the prospect in Europe right now. And then the other 2, we would feel roughly similar confidence across the 2 of them.
It's not an enormous change in our outlook here for automotive. I think last quarter we took down that outlook more significantly. I would just say, on the margin it's a bit worse here as we look into the finish of the year. And as we look into next year, it remains to be seen, how that will come. We came into this year thinking the second half would be a step up and that everybody was calling a bottom; I don't know really whether that is the bottom or what that overall trend is going to be going forward. But I think it's probably still too early to tell how that industry really evolves over the coming quarters.

Sure. Thanks, Mark. I mean look, mobile devices market, you're asking me to talk about 2020 and I have a hard time talking about November. This is an inherently very difficult market to give an outlook on. As you know, I am dreadfully bad at it over a number of years. 
I guess as I -- as we head into the end of this year and we look into next year, we would never get out in front of our skis in terms of an outlook for that market to be much more than kind of a flattish outlook. It's very hard to give a prognosis of that. 
But in terms of the long term trends that you talked about, whether that's 5G, whether that's the higher mechanical complexity of devices, whether that is different architectures that are being put into the phone, we still feel very good about the long-term prognosis for the mobile devices market. And that's coming off of a year here where we expected to be down in the mid-20% range. And why do we feel good about that is because we continue to see our customers driving to equip their mobile devices, whatever there may be, with more functionality for the customers. And we have talked about this for a long, long time that our position in the mobile devices rests on the presumption that our customers are going to want to make their products better. That these are not just kind of empty carriers of a standard software but rather that the ability to sell a phone to a demanding customer does depend in part on the customers' ability -- on our customers, the manufacturer's ability to equip those products with new features. And some of those features ultimately create a demand for our unique high-technology products. And if our products can help make those ultimately devices more saleable, more functional, having more use for the end customer, then our customers are going to share with us some of the value that we ultimately create. 
And that's the underlying philosophy of how we work in that market. And so as I think about the long term with things like 5G, with more complex devices, I feel very good about the long term for that. But it doesn't take away from the inherent volatility of the market. 
And so as we come into next year, I'm going to try really hard to give an outlook that's dependable. And I probably won't do a very good job of it, based on my track record. I mean we have guided the market to be flat roughly and we've been wrong every time. Luckily, we've been wrong to the good side of that more times than not. But this year, we were obviously wrong to the bad side of that, being down as we are in the kind of mid-20% range.
Relative to the customer set, I mean there are only so many people who make these devices around the world and we work with all of them. And we will work with whoever that is that is driving the next successful range of products. We've been successful in this market for such a long time, I remember when the leader in the market were people who today don't even make mobile devices and we were a leader then. And as that cycled through the variety of different companies who led the innovation and thereby captured the hearts and minds and wallets of their end customers, we were able to create a vibrant business that grew over the long term. And so regardless of which customers are successful in next-generation systems, we feel very good about our position.

Thanks so much, Steve. I mean, look, last time, at our last call, we had very extensive discussions, as you know, about China with respect to the Department of Commerce restrictions that were put in place on Huwaei and other entities. And I think we said at the time that it was still very early and we were dealing with that as we always do by having a very, very strong local team. And I will just tell you that some of our outperformance this quarter was the result, really, of that local team stepping up and really doing a great job to satisfy some demand that was a bit higher than we had anticipated coming into the quarter, in particular in IT datacom and to a lesser extent in mobile networks. 
The fact of us having a complete organization everywhere around the world and including in China, where we have real leaders of the company who have every function under their supervision, totally accountable for everything that they do, designing products, ensuring the quality of those products, manufacturing those product, automating those products, interfacing with the customer all on a local basis, has positioned us on a relative basis stronger than maybe some of our international peers who have more reliance on Western resources. And I think that, that has allowed us in the quarter to continue to reinforce to our customers, whoever they may be, that Amphenol will be there when you need us the most. Obviously, we comply with every restriction and every law. But our -- nature of our organization is such that we're able to serve customers where maybe others would not.
On the overall situation in China, look, we have said for a long time that we don't believe that these trade wars are a positive thing for anybody. We continue to look forward to productive resolution to the trade war, and we continue to be very happy that our business is very localized around the world. We talked last quarter about this sort of sea change that may or may not be happening in the world between going from a global world to a local world, this kind of new world order as some are talking about it. And I will just say that we remain very, very happy with our kind of purpose-built organization here of local management with local authority who work on a real local basis with customers. 
And so I think as we go forward in China, our local team will continue to service the heck out of their customers and make sure that those customers know that they're going to get the best of the best here from those individuals who don't have to necessarily rely on resources overseas to help them solve the problems that they need solved. What will happen long term, again, I'm optimistic for a peaceful and productive resolution of all these things, but we're prepared either way.

Yes. I mean, look, we still are very happy with our position among all of these web service providers or cloud providers. I mean was there a little bit of wobble, as you term it, I mean, I guess there was a little bit of wobble. I mean -- but that's not abnormal. I mean we've talked about the dynamic being so different between the service provider and an OEM. That OEMs, they are in the business of kind of keeping a relatively steady manufacturing process going, and that can insulate the volatility of the end demand whereas when you're dealing with the service provider, they want the stuff when they need it, they don't want it when they don't need it. And that can create a level of volatility that we're very accustomed to. 
We were accustomed to it early on with our exposure to the broadband market, our exposure to the mobile networks market. And so as the IT datacom market has evolved to include a significant component of these service providers, our teams have really been able to react very quickly to those demands. And that reacting quickly doesn't just mean that sometimes they don't need the product and you have to adjust your cost, it also means that you've got to ramp up really quickly because sometimes they call you and they need a lot more stuff than you expected or that they expected because they've decided they're going to build a new data center and the work crews are ready that day and the weather is good and they're ready to build and you better get them the parts. 
And so that reactivity is something that I think our team has done a really great job on. Now how does that market look right now? I say that it's relatively normal as it is today, maybe early in the year it was a little bit, again you term wobble, but I think that we see good demand from that market. 
It is -- on a regional basis I would say it is more dominated by North America, just the more famous cloud providers all tend to be the ones who are spending the most on CapEx and whatnot, those companies do tend to be North American and then followed closely behind maybe in Asia, in particular in China. But I would say, our business tends to be probably more heavily weighted in North America, which is not inconsistent with the weighting of where the money is being spent.

Yes. Well, I think, you said it well. I mean it's a phenomenal performance here and I just can't credit enough our team around the world working in the military market. It's not -- this is not an easy market to achieve 26% year-over-year growth in. These are very complex products, very complex long manufacturing processes, heavy degrees of manufacturing, vertical integration, the quality requirements, the technology associated with this product does not necessarily lend itself well to quick ramp-ups of production, and I just give our team an enormous amount of credit for managing through this and really executing when the demand is there. 
I mean in terms of looking ahead, 20% year-over-year growth is very strong. We achieved that last year. We expect to achieve that here this year. I wouldn't expect that in perpetuity. I mean these are very, very strong years. We're dealing with a lot of expansion, both of the budgets but also of the content of electronics. And as you talk about the content, to your question, we see increased content really across the board in the military. So when you talk about a land vehicle and you look at all the systems: communications, electronic warfare, defense systems that go into a vehicle of today, I mean I've had the good opportunity to walk into some of these vehicles and sit in them, and you feel like you're sitting in a data center, not in a tank or an armored personnel carrier.
When you look at the airplanes of today, the next-generation fighter jets and the upgrades to prior generation fighter jets, again, just an incredible array of electronic systems that are being integrated into these next-generation platforms in order to create functionalities that didn't exist.
We see a lot of growth in the naval, for example, another area that I highlighted in my prepared remarks. Again, putting high-speed data transfer into naval applications where in the past you would not necessarily have had that. So I wouldn't say that there's any one part of the military market which is disproportionately increasing in its content. We think the militaries around the world have woken up and said the electronics can help them do their jobs better. And I think ultimately that creates a good long-term opportunity for us.

Yes. Actually, it's not a new word for me to term our acquisitions. And in fact, it's a real criteria for us. Because if we're going to make an acquisition, we work very hard to generate the cash that we generate, and we're happy to generate a lot of it this last quarter. The -- to put that money to work in an acquisition, you don't do it just to bring the size of revenues in at the time that you bought it. That seems like a lot of work just to add revenues. We look for acquisitions that have great people, great products and great position, all of which help you to build a platform for that company to perform better as part of Amphenol. And so I use the term platform very broadly because it is a necessary precondition for us. 
We're not going to buy a company if we don't think it can become a platform to grow better its performance as part of the Amphenol family. And again, that can come through opening up new markets, new geographies, new customers, through the attachment of different technologies and the collaboration with other operations in the company or also a platform for profitability expansion by gaining access to Amphenol's ability and experience in low-cost areas, access to supply chain and otherwise, all of that can be a platform for accelerating growth and driving increased profitability, and that's what we always look for. 
I mean at the time these companies come in, sometimes they are and maybe even oftentimes at lower margins than we are today. And I think Craig talked about that in terms of the impact on the conversion margins on the quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year basis. But we always look for companies that have potential far beyond where they perform today. And that's to me the real essence of a platform.

Yes. I mean look, this is a big question. But I will say a couple of things here. Number one, I mean, you refeed to the fact that the trade conflict is really the root of all the problems. I don't know if I would 100% agree with that. I mean you can have an academic argument over whether the instigation of the trade war ultimately led to uncertainty, which led to then other markets unrelated to the trade war to have some changes in their demand. I mean I don't know that the European automotive market, as one example or the industrial market in Europe, I don't think that's directly related to the trade war. Could it have a secondary or tertiary impact? I mean, sure. I mean trade wars have lots of impact that you don't normally anticipate at the time that you launch them, and that could very well be the case, but I don't know that those are directly correlated and linked to the U.S.-China trade situation or to other trade situations that exist. And thus, if there was a sort of grand bargain, a grand deal that resolved everything, I don't know that, that is kind of the elixir that solves all the uncertainties in the world economy.
And to that extent, I mean when you think about tariffs, tariffs have been a real hassle, there's no doubt about it. And I think our team has done a fabulous job of managing through those tariffs since they were put in place, what, more than a year ago. And I give just an enormous amount of credit to our team to manage through that. We managed through that in the very sort of Amphenolian way, just case by case, part number by part number, operation by operation. 
Those were a hassle and a diversion and a lot of work that created stress in relationships and otherwise things like that, but I don't know that the tariffs themselves were the cause of the overall changes in demand. Now we talked a lot last quarter about the restrictions that were put in place by the U.S., which may or may not be a component of the trade war and the tariffs. That clearly had an impact on demand. And I think when we look at -- when we talked last quarter about the kind of knock-on effects of that demand expectations from customers who saw lower outlooks in China, does that get resolved if the trade war gets resolved, it depends, I think. I don't know what really the answer is to that. I mean I would hope that some would, but I would not anticipate a big kind of snapback in the overall world economy if there were a sort of grand resolution. I think that has metastasized a little bit here and created a broader degree of uncertainty that is not just confined to the fact of one country or another putting tariffs on each other.

Yes. I mean the level of visibility -- look, military has a little bit longer visibility than other markets, as you know, lead times are a little bit longer, programs are a little bit more stable. All that being said, I can tell you that you're always just 1 spending cycle away and budgets get passed and then they don't have necessarily the same degree of allocations to certain programs. That can always happen. So -- but I think from our customers, we do get a little bit more visibility than we would certainly than in a market like mobile devices.
I mean look, if you look over the last 3 years, I mean, last year we grew 20%, the year before we grew 13%, this year we're going to grow around 20%. And we came into the year with a more modest expectation. Do we have today visibility for next year? Not perfectly, for sure. I think 90 days from now, we'll try to give you our best estimate of what next year is going to look like. I would not expect it to be 3 years in a row growing at 20%. I guess I can go out on a limb and say something like that right now. But we still it long term has a very favorable trend.

Look, I mean, we know, Deepa, we try every 90 days to give you and your colleagues the best estimate that we can on the basis of what we know at the time. And obviously, last quarter, we came into the quarter on the heels of the significant changes that happened during the course of the second quarter that impacted IT datacom, that impacted mobile networks and that impacted to some lesser extent automotive and industrial. And those were really the markets last quarter that we saw as a much more negative than we had seen coming into than the second quarter. 
The fact that we outperformed here in the third quarter in mobile devices and then also in military and IT datacom and we outperformed in a few of the other markets, but I think you correctly point out those are the 3 that probably moved the needle the most. I mean I think it's just a testament to the fact that, number one, in mobile devices, it's a very hard market to predict. And if there is extra demand, our team is poised to take advantage of it on a moment's notice, and they did a great job of that. 
On military, again, I will really credit here execution more than anything because I talked before about how hard it is to ramp up and our team just did a fabulous job of really satisfying customer demand and we weren't necessarily sure that we could do that going into the quarter. 
And then IT and to a lesser extent mobile networks, I think we had taken I don't know if you want to call it a conservative view, but we would call it a realistic view on our sales in -- especially to some of the customers in China that we talked about. And we did a little bit better than that. And I think we didn't -- it was hard to get a read at the time on what demand those customers would have because they had a real complex array of problems that they had to deal with in terms of availability of components and otherwise. And I think our local team just did a great job when they realized that there was more demand to satisfy that demand in a moment's notice. So I don't think -- I wouldn't say that we came in and were kind of overly cautious, but I think we gave our best view of the quarter, just as we're doing right now for the fourth quarter and the full year, and we're pleased that our team did a good job to do better than that.

Yes. I mean I think I've talked about a few of the markets already. And again, the last thing I want to do right now, especially in a year like 2019, is get ahead of myself in giving a guidance for 2020. 90 days from now, we're going to try to do our best to give you a guidance for 2020. But I think that's hard to do in the current environment. 
But I did I think already mention the fact that we would anticipate still continued strong demand in military, albeit maybe not at the levels that we talked about, it's hard to say in a market like industrial and automotive what really those trends are. If I had to say right now, I'd say that I -- relatively modest outlook right now. 
I think in mobile devices, I wouldn't expect our business to be down as we expected this year by so much, but I also wouldn't ever get ahead of my skis on that market to say that that's going to be up by any measures. 
And I think I've talked about many of the other markets already. But look, 90 days from now, we're going to try really hard to give you a good outlook. There is still remaining a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, and we're going to be very thoughtful about that as we go through the quarter, collecting as much information as we can through our deep engagements with customers across all of our markets, and then we'll give it our best shot in January.

Well, I think between OEMs and distributors, I wouldn't say that there were necessarily material differences to the dynamics in the quarter. In terms of linearity, I guess you mean through the course of the quarter, I wouldn't say that there was anything notable on the linearity of our industrial business during the course of the quarter. Did it weaken over the course of the quarter, I mean, I guess so. We talked to you 90 days ago, which was close to the end of the first month of the quarter and we thought a certain thing and by the end of the quarter it was a bit worse than that. So I guess one would say that that's -- there was a little bit lack of linearity that it got a little bit worse through the course of the quarter, thus here we are changing our outlook in that market here again. But I wouldn't say anything really meaningful to either of those.

Yes. Well, thank you very much. And I should extend the welcome to you to our call. I think you just picked up coverage yesterday. Look, I think content growth in automotive continues to be very robust. We still see a lot of opportunities with customers who are pushing new electronics into their cars of all types of platforms. And I mentioned some of those areas, things like new electronic drivetrains, some of those real far out things like autonomous driving and otherwise, but even more near term, there's just so much electronics, whether that's passenger infotainment, whether that's emissions control, engine control, whether that is different safety mechanisms that go into cars. I mean you name it, I tell you, every car I get into and I rent a lot of cars because I travel a lot, and every one of these cars, it takes me a long time to figure out how to do a lot of different stuff because there's so many different features that go into these cars. I mean Craig and I, just a few weeks back, we were in Europe and we ended up renting a car and we were in that car for way too long, driving around Europe to lots of different operations, and I mean there was about a 2, 3 hour ramp up time to learn all the different feature sets in that car. And each one of those things you're learning is a new electronic system that requires a certain degree of interconnect sensor and antennas in order to enable that. 
So I would not say that we have seen any slowdown in the adoption of new electronics and thus the content in -- among automakers around the world. I mean I think the fact that we are down this year organically roughly to the levels that you talked about, which is certainly better than the overall unit is a reflection of that content, but you should also bear in mind that whenever you have a reduction, the whole supply chain has to react to that reduction.
I think there's been lots of various companies talking about the whole automotive supply chain, it's a big supply chain, it's a supply chain that's been working really going up and to the right for close to a decade. And so sometimes the impact can be a little bit more magnified on someone like us who's a little bit farther down the chain in certain of those instances. But we feel very good about our automotive market long term.
I mean when I just reflect back on the last decade, this is a market that at the beginning of 2009 was a market that represented less than 5% of our sales. It was on a run rate of less than $150 million a year, and here it is ten times that size over a decade. And I think that real outsize growth that we've had in automotive has been not us taking business out of the hands of someone who already had that business, rather it was us capitalizing on new developments in cars, new electronics being implemented, and us having new products together with the acquisitions that we've made to enable those next-generation systems, and we don't see long term that dynamic really changing at all.
I think consumers still thirst for next-generation functionality in their vehicles, regardless of what the drivetrain system of that vehicle is, regardless of the size of that vehicle, whether they're buying a sports car or a minivan, they want to have next-generation electronics embedded in that system for passenger use, for safety, for fuel economy, you name it and I think our company is very well-positioned today to capitalize upon that.

Yes. I mean I think it was just a -- first of all, it's small. I mean we did -- it's a relatively small market, 4% of the sales in the quarter. And yes, we did little bit better than we expected. But we're not talking about huge numbers here. And still on year-over-year basis, it was down. We didn't change our outlook for the year in the broadband market. So I wouldn't say that there's anything meaningfully different in our overall view of that market here as we come into the fourth quarter.

Well, thank you very much. And again, thank you all for all of your time today, and we wish you all a great conclusion to the year. And I shudder to say that we will talk to you all in 2020. Thanks very much.