Thank you, Scott. We sincerely appreciate everyone taking the time to join us this morning on the webcast. Devon's second quarter can best be defined as one of comprehensive execution across every element of our disciplined strategy that resulted in expanded margins, growth and free cash flow and the return of significant value to our shareholders through higher dividends and the reduction of debt. 
Following our transformative merger that closed earlier this year, I'm very pleased with the progress the team has made, and our second quarter results demonstrate the impressive momentum our business has quickly established. Even today, as we celebrate Devon's 50th anniversary as a company this year, we're only getting started, and our talented team is eager, energized and extremely motivated to win. As investors seek exposure to commodity-oriented names, it is important to recognize that Devon is a premier energy company and a must-own name in this space. We have the right mix of assets, proven management, financial strength and a shareholder-friendly business model designed to lead the energy industry in capital discipline and dividends. 
Now turning to Slide 4. The power of Devon's portfolio was showcased by our second quarter results as we continue to deliver on exactly what we promised to do both operationally and financially. Efficiencies drove capital spending 9% below guidance. Strong well productivity resulted in production volumes above our midpoint. The capture of merger-related synergies drove sharp declines in corporate cost. These efforts translated into a sixfold increase in free cash flow from just a quarter ago. And with this excess cash, we increased our dividend payout by 44% and we retired $710 million of low premium debt in the quarter. Now Jeff will cover the return of capital to shareholders in more detail later, but investors should take note, this systematic return of value to shareholders is a clear differentiator for Devon. 
Now moving to Slide 5. While I'm very pleased with the results our team that delivered year-to-date, the setup for the second half of the year is even better with our operations scale that generate increasing amounts of free cash flow. This improved outlook is summarized in the white box at the top left of this slide. With the trifecta of an improving production profile, lower capital and reduced corporate cost, Devon is positioned to deliver an annualized free cash flow yield in the second half of the year of approximately 20% at today's pricing. I believe it is of utmost importance to reiterate that even with this outstanding free cash flow outlook, there is no change to our capital plan this year. 
Turning your attention to Slide 7. Now with this powerful stream of free cash flow, our dividend policy provides us the flexibility to return even more cash to shareholders than any company in the entire S&P 500 Index. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our annualized dividend yield in the second half of 2021, assuming a 50% variable dividend payout. Now as you can see, Devon's implied dividend yield is not only best-in-class in the E&P space, but we also possess the top rank yield in the entire S&P 500 Index by a wide margin. In fact, at today's pricing, our yield is more than 7x higher than the average company that is represented in the S&P 500 Index. 
Furthermore, our dividend is comfortably funded within free cash flow and is accompanied by a strong balance sheet that is projected to have a leverage ratio of less than 1 turn by year-end. Investors need to take notice, Devon offers a truly unique investment opportunity for the near 0 interest rate world that we live in today. 
Now looking beyond Devon to the broader E&P space, I'm also encouraged this earnings season by the announcement from Pioneer on their variable dividend implementation as well as a growing number of other peers who have elected to prioritize higher dividend payouts. These disciplined actions will further enhance the investment thesis for our industry, paving the way for higher fund flows as investors rediscover the attractive value proposition of the E&P space. 
Now moving to Slide 10. While the remainder of 2021 is going to be outstanding for Devon, simply put, the investment thesis only gets stronger as I look ahead to next year. We should have one of the most advantaged cash flow growth outlooks in the industry as we capture the full benefit of merger-related cost synergies, restructuring expenses roll-off and our hedge book vastly improves. At today's prices, these structural tailwinds could result in more than $1 billion of incremental cash flow in 2022. 
To put it in perspective, this incremental cash flow would represent cash flow per share growth of more than 20% year-over-year, if you held all other constants -- all other factors constant. Now while it's still too early to provide formal production and capital targets for next year, there will be no shift to our strategy. We will continue to execute on our financially driven model that prioritizes free cash flow generation. 
Given the transparent framework that underpins our capital allocation, our behavior will be very predictable as we continue to limit reinvestment rates and drive per share growth through margin expansion and cost reductions. We have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market until demand side fundamentals sustainably recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world markets. The bottom line is we are unwavering in our commitment to lead the industry with disciplined capital allocation and higher dividends. 
And with that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover some of the great operational results we delivered in the past quarter.

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I would like to close today by reiterating a few key thoughts. Devon is a premier energy company, and we are proving this with our consistent results. Our unique business model is designed to reward shareholders with higher dividend payouts. This is resulting in a dividend yield that's the highest in the entire S&P 500 Index. Our generous payout is funded entirely from free cash flow and backstopped by an investment-grade balance sheet. And our financial outlook only improves as I look to the remainder of this year and into 2022. With the increasing amounts of free cash flow generated, we're committed to doing exactly what we promised, and that is to lead the industry in capital discipline and dividends. 
And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

John, thanks for the question. It's a great question, great perspective. And just fundamentally, we continue to have a very, very high bar, and we have a wonderful business post-merger. And so for us, the way we think about it is anything we evaluate, and that's really on the buying or selling side, it's got to be immediately accretive. It's got to have compelling industrial logic. And we have tried to be really clear on this, but it absolutely has to feel within our investment framework and makes us even better, even stronger. 
And I'll just go back to just a fundamental message today. It's got -- anything we have to consider has got to help us get stronger on an outlook that says, look, if we just keep volumes flat, we're going to add an additional $1 billion of cash flow next year. And then when you look at that on a cash flow per share base, that's 20% growth, '22 over '21. So that's really how we view it, and that hasn't really changed. We've got a tremendous inventory. We've got a tremendous business, and we continue to have a very high bar. And we're going to be very, very disciplined in anything we do.

I'm going to have Jeff answer that. Go ahead, Jeff.

Yes. I want to have Jeff weigh in and help me on fielding the question, and appreciate them. Yes, I think Delaware is going to continue to be the workhorse in our portfolio. I don't see that changing. As Clay just talked about, we've got some great investment opportunities in our other basins. But the reality is the Delaware is really, really hard to compete with internally. And so you'll continue to see the lion's share of our capital program being allocated to the Delaware Basin. I don't see that really changing anytime in the near future. So Jeff, you maybe want to talk about commodity price assumptions that we have?

Neil, this is Rick. I'll augment that a little bit. I think we need to just remind everyone that we were about 50% hedged on crude this year, but the profile of that is about 60% first half, 40% in the second half. And currently, we're about 20% hedged as we look into '22.

Yes, Neal, that's a question that we all debate here internally. And I'm not convinced that we've seen that yet. I think there's a question around the variable dividend about consistency, and you get quarter after quarter of some really nice dividends. I'm encouraged by the actions of our -- some of our other industry peers. And I think what you're going to find is that now Devon is not just being treated as a one-off. It's truly a movement within our sector of getting more cash back to shareholders. And I think that's a good thing. 
So when you look at it from that perspective, I think we will start seeing better equity performance. But if not, certainly, the discussion we had about share repurchases really comes to light and it's great to have optionality. So you heard Jeff a while ago talk about the ability to ratchet up the free -- the variable dividend with the stronger cash flows, we also would, from an opportunistic standpoint, have the ability to certainly repurchase the equity. 
And the third thing, I think that when we think about capital allocation, it's a little more longer term. But we don't have any near-term debt maturities. We do have a couple of hundred million due, I think, here in 2023. But we have an incremental $800 million of callable debt in the next 24 months. And so we have options. And Neal, that's what I love about our portfolio, our strategy, the optionality, strong balance sheet. All that is going to, I think, really make for an exciting story over the next few years and something I'm very, very pleased with how it's come together with the merger. So I think suffice to say, if we don't see the equity performing to the level that we feel it should be, it's going to be a really good discussion with our Board. And I think they'd be very supportive of us pursuing opportunistic share repurchases.

Yes, Scott, one thing -- this is Rick. One thing that we constantly try to keep a pulse on and that is investor preferences. And that's not always easy. Depends on who you ask sometimes. And so from our perspective, we think a balanced approach is a pretty good way to look at it. And you may be a little cross-threaded 1 quarter or 2 quarters, but over time, we think that's the best way to do it. And that's why you heard us talk about optionality. I think more near term, I think the higher dividends -- show me the money now -- has been, I think, the lion's share of the feedback that we've been hearing from shareholders. And I think that as we look at our shareholder group, we think that it's continued to strengthen as we're getting really some nice shareholders across the line. And really pleased with that. 
Now I think you'll also hear over time, maybe more comments and more perspectives on a little longer term approach. And I think that's an outcome maybe some more stability in some commodity prices. And when I think commodity prices, I'm thinking about not only crude oil, which drives most of our revenues, but I can tell you, NGLs are -- we have some really, really nice exposure to the NGLs from basically Powder River basins, nice place to be. And so that -- if you get into a situation where even with your best efforts of getting cash back to shareholders, significant amount of cash to shareholders, if you still think you're being not rewarded properly with your equity performance, that really sets you up for some opportunistic share repurchases. 
And that's something that even though there were a 20% growth next year on the cash flow per share, you were on both the numerator and the denominator, not a bad way to go. And that's how you can deliver some growth. Because I think the broader market continues to reward growth. Our sector, we just can't -- we're not going to get rewarded for growth right now, as we've all talked about for the last year or so. So how can you do things opportunistically both on the numerator and denominator? 
And then the third option is just is on the balance sheet. Just continue to have a fortressed type balance sheet, which we have a wonderful balance sheet. It's getting stronger every quarter. But at the end of the day, we also have some callable debt that we'll have to think about over the next couple of years. The way we pull the trigger on that are just treat it as a net debt type exercise. So really a good spot to be in, and that's really how we view it. It's really, in summary, we just try to do the best job we can day in, day out and trying to keep a good pulse on what investors are looking for. 
And I do think in this day and time, as we said in our opening comments, when you have a near 0% interest world that we're in right now, these yields are really, really compelling. I mean we're all shareholders, and we love those quarterly dividend checks. I can tell you, those are really nice. So that's really how we're looking at it. So hopefully, it's -- that's some color that can help you. So...