Thank you, and good morning, everyone. For the purpose of today's call, my comments will be centered on 4 key messages. 
Turning to Slide 2. The first key message is that we are raising our 2018 guidance for U.S. oil production due to the outstanding operational performance we are experiencing in the Delaware and STACK. With this production raise, the midpoint of our updated guidance for 2018 U.S. oil production now represents an estimated growth rate of 16% compared to 2017, up from our previous guidance of 14%. The improved outlook is driven by higher well productivity as our development activity is focused in the economic core of the Delaware and STACK, and the efficiency gains we are achieving at our multi-zone developments. 
With our initial multi-zone developments, we have executed these projects with greater efficiency than planned, which is compressing cycle times and pulling forward incremental activity into 2018. Given this outstanding execution, it is likely upstream capital spending will trend toward the top half of our full year guidance range, benefiting our production profile in 2018 and 2019.
I want to emphasize the only reason CapEx is trending towards the top end of guidance is because we're completing our planned 2018 program quicker than anticipated and will most likely accelerate some 2019 program into 2018. This is a good news story. 
The next key point is we have the marketing arrangements and supply chain in place to deliver on our growth plans. With regional takeaway constraints becoming a serious issue for the industry, our marketing plan has provided us both flow assurance and price protection across all areas of our asset portfolio.
Specifically in the Delaware Basin, through a firm transport on the Longhorn Pipeline, we have access to premium Gulf Coast oil pricing and have regional basis swaps near WTI pricing, covering the remaining production sold in the basin. These physical and financial hedges are becoming increasingly valuable with Midland differentials currently trending towards $10 off WTI. 
Given our advantaged location in Southeast New Mexico, we also have good line of sight to move our Delaware gas production as we flow our volumes directly to the West Coast, completely avoiding the WAHA hub. In the STACK, we have direct access to Cushing for WTI pricing and we have firm transport agreements covering the vast majority of our gas production. The firm transport of gas in the STACK and our basis swaps provide effective price protection in 2018.
The last area I will touch on is our attractive WCS hedges in Canada. In 2018, we have roughly half of our production hedged at $15 off WTI. On the supply chain front, the service market is certainly tight right now, especially in the Permian Basin. However, our supply chain team has proactively secured rigs, supplies and pressure pumping services in our high activity basins at competitive prices to execute our capital plans in 2018 and 2019.
The multiyear development plans and commodity hedging program we've designed for the Delaware and STACK have provided Devon the opportunity to secure longer-term relationships at below-market rates with top providers.
So to summarize, Devon is in great shape to deliver on our growth initiatives as our marketing and supply chain are providing certainty of execution. 
The third key message is that Devon will officially grow cash flow throughout the remainder of 2018. With current strip prices, we expect to increase our upstream cash flow by approximately 35% by year-end compared to first quarter levels. This will be driven by 3 factors. A key contributor to our cash flow growth is an increase in higher oil margin production in the U.S., where we are on pace to deliver exit-rate growth of approximately 30% in 2018.
Next, we expect higher margin in Canada over the remainder of 2018 due to WCS prices recently improving by more than $10 per barrel compared to the lows experienced in Q1. The third factor contributing to higher margins over the remainder of 2018 is the aggressive steps we're taking to improve our cost structure.
With the ongoing restructuring of our workforce, along with a recent tender of high interest debt, we are now on pace to reduce G&A and interest cost by $175 million annually.
And my final key message is we successfully advanced several shareholder-friendly initiatives during the quarter. In March, our Board of Directors approved a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend and authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program, which we are on pace to complete by year-end. Jeff will provide more details on these initiatives later in the call.
Looking ahead, as we generate free cash flow from operations and asset sale proceeds, we will continue the return of cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and growth in the dividend. Given the potential for significant cash inflows through asset sales, I'd like to provide additional clarity to our portfolio simplification strategy.
Moving to Slide 3. As we discussed at length in the past, given our resource-rich asset base in the Delaware and STACK, we see the potential to monetize in excess of $5 billion of noncore assets. And while we've already achieved $1.1 billion of noncore asset sales to date, we have multiple initiatives underway at various levels of maturity to further simplify and focus our portfolio footprint.
To be clear, we're not going to become a Delaware and STACK pure play, but we are targeting a more focused asset portfolio. We are actively pursuing larger asset transactions, and we are concurrently marketing roughly $1 billion of smaller, noncore asset sales throughout our portfolio. Where there are a lot of initiatives going on, I do want to emphasize that we're working each of these opportunities with a high sense of urgency. 
And with that -- and with this point, I'll turn the call over to Tony Vaughn for additional commentary on our operations.

Well, we're still making an assessment on that, Bob, and exactly what we're going to do to -- the thing that we like so much is that we have, with these multi-zone developments, that we are seeing such efficiencies by maintaining the same rigs, the same crews that we are actually executing our program quicker than we -- we knew there was going to be efficiencies, but we're seeing even more than we anticipated. The costs are lower and efficiencies are greater. So what we are really focused on, overall, are the returns, and we don't want to risk degrading those returns by dropping very efficient rigs and crews, and then picking up potentially new rigs and crews at the beginning of 2019 where we don't see as much efficiencies as we're currently seeing with the program. So that's the thought process we're thinking to. We have a decision to make here. And we're making the comments, we're kind of guiding towards the top end of guidance because we think that probably some of this we're going to continue on. But exactly how much of it, we're still making the final decision. It has to do with the maturity of the projects. But the key point I want to emphasize is a returns-based decision to make sure the projects are ready and balance out what the efficiencies we're receiving with these rigs and crew versus the risk of losing that if we drop the rigs.

Yes. Great question, Bob. And I want to be clear. This does not change anything with regards to the potential long-term strategy of what we do with the Barnett. This is just, we think, a very creative business opportunity to take an asset that has identified development opportunities and to form a relationship with a great company such as DowDuPont where we essentially are now bringing them in on a promoted basis to drill some wells that otherwise we would not execute. So it would just be an asset that we're not maximizing the value of with these PUD opportunities just sitting there. So we're bringing them in with a promote. It makes the returns to Devon competitive with the rest of our portfolio. So it's, we think, a great way to bring value forward in the short term, but in no way does this change our optionality or decision process in regards to what we'll do with the Barnett in the long term. We're still working through that. Obviously, there's more challenges. These lower natural gas prices also provides benefit to EnLink, which accrues back to us as well, obviously, by additional -- provides incremental EBITDA of which we are the majority benefit. So we think it's a great shorter term solution and decision that brings value. We like DowDuPont, and there may be possibility that we can expand this relationship in the future for similar type situations.

We see the bulk of that going to share repurchases.

So Ryan, Tony described the surface facility savings. Obviously, we previously talked about the drilling cost savings as well. And then also, we are seeing real efficiencies on the hydraulic fracturing side, too. And Wade, I think you have a stat probably just for example at Showboat on the stimulation side of how much more efficient we are with that versus historical.

Yes, and I'm going to ask -- we have several people here I'm going to let talk because they're the real experts on this. And so Ryan, I'm going to ask Kevin Lafferty, who heads up our midstream and marketing business here, to give you a little more granular answer on that.

Sure, Charles. And now I'm going to ask -- again, we have several people here. I'm going to ask Rick Gideon, who is our Senior Vice President in charge of the Delaware Basin, Rockies, to comment further. But I just want to make one thing really clear before he goes into his comment. You did not ask this, but I am going to make it really clear. This is not due to us opening the chokes up really wide to get a 20 -- a huge 24-hour IP. This is truly an exceptional area where you can -- where we're seeing not only great wells with strong pressures, but also you're going to anticipate the EURs on these wells in this area to be 2 to 3x what our normal type curve type is out there. So this is truly an outstanding area that we have discovered. So Rick, you want to talk a little bit more about it?

And Charles, maybe to help out and give a little context from, I think, where you may be going with this too. First, there is obviously a great area. We are going to have to build out the infrastructure more in the area, and we're going to be building that out commensurate with drilling the wells. We think we have about 25 wells in this area. We can't say they're all going to be this good, but we think they're all going to be well above our type curve, and we feel really good that we've identified a sweet spot here. The production impact of this is going to be more a -- and the biggest part is going to be more of a late 2018 on into 2019 and beyond type impact, just given the timing of the drilling of these wells and actually bringing them online. So obviously, it's impacted a little bit here, our results already by that and other wells, allowing us to raise our production guidance. And frankly, we see some upside to our production guide, U.S. oil production guidance as we continue to execute throughout the year. But the bulk of the benefit will be late '18, '19 and beyond as we bring these wells on. So Tony, you had one more comment on that?

Well, it is a distinct bullet, so that we are -- and let me try to frame the whole question up. So when we say we anticipate more than $5 billion of potential asset sale proceeds, we have executed already on the first $1 billion of that. And that culminated in the Johnson County sale in the Barnett. The second billion are what we are marketing this year, and that is high-multiple properties such as the acreage that we have on the Texas Delaware side. It's not part of our long-term development plan within the Delaware, but we think has significant value. We don't have a lot of production there. We think it has significant value in the marketplace. So obviously, that's a very high-multiple property since it's primarily undrilled acreage. So that and some other asset sales are the second billion. And we're going to plan to execute that largely here in 2018. Beyond that, we are looking at some strategic transactions of larger magnitude and actively working some of those as we speak. We are purposely being nonspecific on what those are because we are saying that the primary growth engines of the company in the future are the Delaware Basin, the STACK and the Rockies. We are looking at other areas where, frankly, we see undeveloped opportunities that we may not be maximizing the value of within our own portfolio because of extreme high-quality that we have of development opportunities. But yet, there are other opportunities that at other companies may be worth more in their portfolio than are worth in our portfolio. So we are currently in discussions on some of these larger transactions. Now the reason we aren't being more specific is because, in several of these situations, there are -- there's a limited buyer universe, frankly. And so we want to make sure that we maintain the power and that we have optionality around which of these may -- we may actually execute on to maximize the value that we receive for the shareholders. So we have some ideas around it. We're going to be -- I'm going to continue to be nonspecific on that, though, so that we can maximize that transaction value. And we do have options, obviously. We don't have to go one way or another. We have options on which we may -- which way we may go. But we are actively pursuing other opportunities of a more strategic nature to reach that $5 billion number in total.

I think the key thing is that we are communicating constantly across all of our business units. So there, we have completions experts to look across the entire company. And so they may apply different techniques in different areas, but it's out of knowledge of what is the best technique for each of those areas. It's not due to lack of communication. And the other thing is, I've heard described, and this is my explanation of it, that sometimes you hear people talk about frac 1.0 or frac 2.0 or things like that. I -- to my mind, the best way we do it internally is almost like frac continuous, because we are constantly updating our actual techniques based on the real-time information that we're receiving on all of our completions. And so it is -- we have a continuous improvement program that is truly real-time even on individual wells. And so it's hard to describe it as a discrete one change that we've made and we're going to go with that change across the entire program, because that's not the way we work. The way we work is through our 24/7, 365 drilling and well control room and flowback room that we are constantly updating how we're doing it.

And Matt, maybe going specifically to your question. Kevin gave you a great description overall of what we're doing, but specifically to your question, I would say largely what Kevin talked about is baked into our capital comments already. So it's really more about the efficiencies that we're getting in the projects with those being executed quicker-than-anticipated, which just means we have the opportunity to do more activity than we anticipated. And that's why, as I said before, we're looking at a decision point based on returns as to what the right decision is on that.

Yes. And it's a great question, Doug. It's one that our teams wrestle with to come up with, and there's no perfect answer to that question. But I think the thing I would say first is that we are more focused on returns and rate of return of our project than anything else. Now having said that, it is -- we do look at the overall NPV or NPV per dollar invested in the project. And if we're seeing a degradation of the NPV per dollar invested in a project, then that's when we get to the point where we say, well our spacing or whatever else we're doing has perhaps reached a limit, and then we shouldn't go any further. Now early on, it's important to remember, we're so early on in the appraisal and the development of the STACK play, where 95% of the wells are still in front of us. So we are testing the limits on some of these and then we'll optimize more as we move forward. But in general, it's a program that focuses on returns, NPV per -- [ over I ], and maximizing from that standpoint, not only on spacing, but all the other things, all the other factors that come into it. So there is upside, obviously. I mean, we're doing 12 wells per section in Showboat. They don't all look like Showboat necessarily, and there's going to be variability across the program. But obviously, there is, we think longer term, upside to the 6 wells per section. Wade, do you want to add anything to that?

Doug, don't forget about the capital efficiencies we're -- these are great questions around the -- around the type curve, but also the capital efficiencies that we're getting with these developments are really driving the returns higher.

Doug, as you might suspect, that's a great try from you, but I'm not going to give any more specific than I currently described on it. And so we'll -- we have a lot of options around it. We understand these options really well. But I don't think it's in our best interest to get any more specific.