Thank you, Scott. Great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. As we all know, it's been an extraordinary time in the world, including the energy markets over the past few months. 
While no one could have accurately predicted the timing or the wide-ranging impact of the recent geopolitical events, I can assure you that our team at Devon deeply understands the importance of our role in providing energy security to the U.S. We take pride in providing our great nation, a reliable, safe and cost-advantaged source of energy. 
The first quarter operational results are yet another example of the resolve and dedication to our mission here at Devon. Our people overcame multiple bouts of extreme winter weather and fought through the challenges of a tight supply chain to not only meet but exceed oil production targets for the quarter. 
We were also able to keep a lid on inflation and deliver these volumes in a very cost-effective way. This type of tough and resilient performance is what defines us and I want to congratulate the entire Devon team for getting the job done the right way amid some very challenging conditions. 
Now turning to Slide 5. The first key message I want to convey is that the execution of our disciplined operating plan resulted in yet another quarter of impressive financial results. This was highlighted by Devon's earnings and cash flow growing at healthy double-digit rates versus last quarter. 
Our capital was in line with our plan and our free cash flow increased 18% over the prior period. We grew our quarterly dividend to a new record high payout of $1.27 per share. Our buyback program further amplified per share growth and our rock-solid investment-grade balance sheet only continued to strengthen. These results continue to demonstrate the power of our disciplined business model, our focus on growing cash margins and the benefits of our differentiated cash return framework. 
On Slide 6, my second key message today is that we are staying true to the game plan we've laid out earlier this year and are well our way to achieving our capital objectives for 2022. With our budgeted activity, Devon is one of the most active operators in the U.S. with 19 operated rigs running and our team is working hard to maximize our production. 
As I touched on earlier, in the first quarter, we delivered more volumes to the market than projected in our plan and as strong execution positions us to produce 570,000 to 600,000 BOE per day for the full year of 2022. This level of output makes us one of the largest producers in the U.S., and we're laser-focused on reliably delivering these essential barrels to the market in a capital-efficient manner. 
Now looking beyond the current year, I want to emphasize there's no real change to how we'll manage our business to ensure we are excellent stewards of capital, we believe that fairly consistent activity through the cycle is the best pathway to optimize efficiencies and returns. To execute on this foundational principle, our disciplined strategy moderates Devon's production growth from 0 up to as much as 5% in any given year. Today's heightened pricing from recent geopolitical events does not impact our capital allocation strategy. I can assure you that we will continue to be very thoughtful and closely evaluate how the geopolitical landscape influences market fundamentals. 
Even with today's higher prices, we simply must consider the continued steep backwardation in strip pricing, the ongoing supply chain challenges and the economic uncertainty resulting from the crisis in Ukraine. 
The third key point I want to make today is that our financially driven strategy is designed to reward shareholders with higher cash returns in this constructive price environment. This is demonstrated on Slide 8 with the attractive yield of Devon's fixed plus variable dividend policy offers compared to other segments of the equity market. 
In fact, at today's pricing, our yield is 6x higher than the average company that's represented in the S&P 500 Index. With this market-leading dividend payout, we have seen a tremendous benefit to our shareholder base over the past several quarters by attracting dividend-oriented funds, value investors, pensions, family offices, retail, and we're even beginning to see evidence of growth investors. Furthermore, we've also seen a significant change among the culture of our employees who all own our stock and look forward to that quarterly dividend check just as much as you do. 
Now another way we're returning cash to shareholders is by repurchasing our stock. As you can see on Slide 9, since we commenced the program last November, we have executed $891 million of share repurchases. This activity has reduced our outstanding share count by 3% at a cost basis that is about 25% below current trading levels. 
With the Board now expanding our share repurchase program by 25%, up to $2 billion, we can be active buyers of our stock throughout the rest of this year. We will be thoughtful, disciplined and convicted with this buyback activity, but I can assure you that we will take full advantage of any pullbacks and look for opportunities, especially to buy dips. At current levels, we feel that we are fundamentally undervalued and are at the start of a multiple expansion for our equity that should translate into true value creation for shareholders. 
Turning to Slide 11. My final key message for you today is that we expect a strong financial and operational performance we have been delivering to be sustainable for years to come. Confidence comes from the quality of our asset portfolio, the depth of our inventory, the diversity of our product mix and the talented team we have assembled. These competitive advantages are further reinforced by our unwavering commitment to capital discipline through the cycle, the transparent cash return framework we have instituted and the rock-solid balance sheet we possess. 
Now importantly, the market agrees with this view and has been rewarding us with an increasing share price for the advantaged trades over the past year. However, with many investors that are possibly new to our story, we believe it is still very early in this structural bull market. Devon's strong stock performance over the past year is largely a bounce back from the generational lows we experienced during the COVID crisis. This is evidenced by energy's waiting in the S&P 500 Index of only 4% compared to the long-term average of closer to 10%. 
As you can see on the box to the right, we believe our attractive return profile and valuation compared to the broader market will be another catalyst for our share price appreciation as more and more investors discover Devon's unique investment proposition. Furthermore, with our geographic and commodity mix diversity, we have the ability to benefit on all fronts. 
And with that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights for the past quarter. Clay?

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I'd like to close today by reiterating a few things. Number one, the execution of our strategy is delivering impressive financial results. You've just heard that. Number two, there is no change to our disciplined game plan in 2022. Number three, we are rewarding shareholders with record high cash payouts. And number four, we are confident we can continually and sustainably deliver this kind of performance for years to come.
Lastly, I'd like to reiterate once again how proud I am of this team, the results they are delivering and the reliable energy we provide our great nation. The energy crisis we're experiencing in certain regions across the globe is a stark reminder of how critical it is for the U.S. to have a clear and consistent energy policy to ensure our nation's security and global leadership. Oil and natural gas will remain a core source of energy for decades to come, and this needs to be acknowledged and accepted with any energy transition policy discussions. This transition is not at an event in time, but rather a multi-decade endeavor that will require enormous amounts of energy from all available sources to meet the world's growing demand. 
Energy policy matters. And if we misstep physics and economics, we will defeat platitudes and untethered ideologies over time. At Devon, we're committed to doing our part by showing up to work every day to responsibly produce low cost, clean and reliable energy. We're also dedicated to bettering the communities in which we live and work by supporting investments in public education, health care, infrastructure and by providing high-paying jobs to American families. 
I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. Thank you.

Well, I still think -- I think we've been rewarded to degree with our dividend framework, that strategy and the execution of that. I believe that investors are going to continue to reward us for the predictability, the transparency of what we're doing. But I still think, fundamentally, that when you look at -- and I mentioned this in our prepared remarks is that we're fundamentally undervalued when you start looking into multiples and the returns people are going to see from us over the next several years. And I think that's something that -- it's not just us, but I think it is especially us, but it's not -- we're not the only company. I think they're going to be just a fundamental change of thinking with all of us on what our expectations are when we consider our multiples relative to virtually any other sector in the broader market. And I think it was a great setup. 
We're going to -- you heard Clay give you some ideas on some -- not only ideas, real examples of what we're doing from a creativity standpoint, addressing supply chain issues. You've heard Jeff talk about some things we've done on the gas takeaway. So many of these challenges, we always think that we're going to be a step ahead of the competition and it's not only the competition, but issues that are coming our way that could be problematic for us. So I think that all we need to do is just keep being ourselves and keep delivering, being transparent, and I think it's going to work out just fine. Clay, do you want to add anything else?

Yes, good question, Matt. We talk about this all the time. And certainly, Devon will always be a company that stays kind of no, so to speak. And with what's in the market, it doesn't mean we'll participate. I can assure you, we'll have some kind of an idea of valuations. From our standpoint, nothing really changes. I mean we have -- we've always had a real high bar of asset purchases or timing even of sales and nothing is really going to change in our framework. 
I mean our #1 priority is we've heard it -- we've articulated several times today and that's returning cashback to shareholders and returning value back to shareholders and really, really excited about our outlook. That's why we're so constructive on our share repurchase program, to be honest with you. We just think we're fundamentally undervalued. And so once again, that makes potential acquisitions more challenging because it fundamentally just has to be very accretive to us and we have to feel that it makes sense. And so nothing really changed from what you've seen over the last several years, really.

Yes. That's a good question, and it's always something we could do, Matt. But I can tell you that the Dow JV is really a nice setup for us. You mentioned the NGL exposure, that is tremendous here in the Anadarko. And Clay talks about how the team is getting more and more confident in those returns. And certainly on a promoted basis, they're absolutely phenomenal. They're just really, really strong. 
When you start thinking about JVs and other areas where we have exposure to gas, I mean the first place you -- we have most of the exposure to gas will be the Permian. Really, I don't know that we have a strong appetite to do a lot of gas JVs down there right now. It just doesn't seem like that makes a lot of sense for us. I think we're going to continue to focus on developing the high liquids where you're 50%, 60% crude oil plus the NGL, that's where you're going to get some real margins it usually returns. So I think for us right now, we've got a great setup. I don't see us really having a strong appetite with these kind of commodity prices to move into another base and set up some type of a JV there. I don't think that makes sense. So I think we'll just really stick with what we have right now, makes it probably the most sense for us.

I think just fundamentally, one of the questions, I think some investors grapple with and quite honestly, we've debated over the last 12, 15 months is in either or. We felt like most of the investors, we felt like, were giving us a very, very candid feedback. They preferred that return of cash today rather than share repurchase. As we've gotten into it, Dug, but I can tell you that we've become more and more convicted. We continue to debate this with internally here and with our board and we just feel fundamentally that the curve is heavily backwardated, but it's been wrong. And that's why you continue to see it come up. 
And this is not just the Ukraine -- the horrible situation in Ukraine driving it. It certainly is, we all know that it's a factor. But we have become more and more convicted that share repurchases make a lot of sense for us. And -- but it's not just an either or. It's -- we're going to do both. And as a matter of fact, we're not just doing both. We're doing the third thing, and that's aggressively paying down debt. So all of this accretes value to our shareholders. It makes the equity, I think, more and more valuable and you start looking at the discipline we're employing. 
When I look at the equity performance, yes, it's been great what we have done over the last 12 months. We're excited about that. But I still think that at the end of the day, the story has just begun with energy. And I think we continue to get -- that's what makes a market, right? You have people that push back on a thesis and people that push back on perspectives. But ours was that if we -- it goes all the way back to the fundamentals of the merger that we announced 18 months ago. 
We felt like that it would make a lot of sense. We give us a lot of runway to implement a variable dividend, which we -- both companies were very big fans of, but we were able to accelerate that. And as things, we saw the synergies, we saw the opportunity to set-up for the continued execution managing through the supply chains. And that's why we just feel that fundamentally our equity is undervalued, and that gives us the conviction to go out and buy it back. And so we're going to have a multipronged attack. And I think that's the best thing we can do as a management team, I believe.

Thanks so much.

Clay, you want to answer that?