Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I am very excited to talk to you today about our announcement last night to complete Devon's transformation to a high-return U.S. oil growth company.
Before we get started, I want to take a few minutes to set the stage for today's discussion. Today, we are unveiling a New Devon. We've been signaling strongly to the market for some time that when our U.S. oil assets achieve operating scale, exiting Canada and the Barnett is our path forward.
What we present to you today is a culmination of an exhaustive, strategic and operational review. The results, we believe, will put Devon in a position to become a consistent upper-echelon performer, driving durable improvements and shareholder value. We have the assets, and we have the team to do this. In short, we are aggressively reshaping Devon to win and we will win.
Turning to Slide 2. This transformational move is consistent with our long-term strategic plan and will allow the company to focus on its world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. To accomplish this portfolio simplification, our Board of Directors has authorized us to pursue strategic alternatives to separate the Canadian and Barnett Shale assets from our retained U.S. oil business. We have hired advisers in evaluating multiple methods of separation for these assets, including a potential sale or spinoff. And we expect to complete this separation process by the end of 2019.
Additionally, with Devon's narrowed focus on the U.S. oil business, we are committed to transforming our culture and cost structure to compete head-to-head with the best in the business. We are acting with a sense of urgency to materially improve our entire cost structure by delivering at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings.
With our go-forward business and position to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow at today's pricing, I am also excited to announce that we're advancing our shareholder return initiatives by upsizing our industry-leading share repurchase program to $5 billion and increasing our quarterly dividend payment by 13%.
Turning to Slide 3. This exhibit showcases our transformation from a diversified worldwide company to a highly focused U.S. oil producer today. The key takeaway here is we have an extensive back -- track record of successfully executing on our portfolio simplification initiatives with more than $30 billion of asset sales over the last decade.
The strategic rationale for taking this final step in our transformation and our announcement today is quite simple. With our U.S. oil business reaching sufficient operating scale to deliver advantaged returns, sustainable long-term growth and a generation of free cash flow, the timing is now appropriate to accelerate value creation for our shareholders by exiting our Canadian and Barnett Shale positions.
As you can see on Slide 4, the simplification of our portfolio unleashed the potential of our U.S. oil assets, which possess scale and reside in the very best plays and the best plays in the U.S. -- in the best parts of the best plays in the U.S. To be clear, the information laid out here is for our go-forward business and represents the results of our 4 retained oil basins.
The charts excluded results from Canada and the Barnett, along with minor noncore assets for sale in the U.S. but exclude the benefits of cost-saving targets. It is these world-class oil positions with low breakevens which provide New Devon the flexibility to generate free cash flow and deliver sustainable long-term growth. This is evidenced by the chart at the top of the slide that showcases our top-tier well productivity.
On initial 90-day production rates, our average well has exceeded virtually every top competitor in the U.S. Everyone likes to highlight their best wells and we do it too. However, this slide captures every well for Devon and peers. This is true transparency.
Devon is right at the top, even including the year when we faced challenges optimizing spacing in our STACK play. Just think about it. If we're at the top even with the STACK challenge we faced in 2018, I wonder what happened to everyone below us. This good news story does not end with well productivity. As you can see on the bottom of the slide, New Devon's streamlined U.S. oil portfolio will also deliver substantially improved oil rates, a lower per unit cost structure and higher operating margins that will translate into superior returns on capital employed.
Moving to Slide 5. While our U.S. oil assets have many advantaged characteristics, we are not finished improving our business. We are aggressively reshaping our organization with a singular focus on our simplified U.S. oil portfolio to unlock the potential of New Devon.
As you can see on the top left chart, we expect our U.S. oil business to achieve at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings by 2021 versus our 2018 baseline. Our cost reduction plan includes a range of actions to achieve more efficient field-level operations, lower drilling and completion costs and better alignment of personnel with the go-forward business.
To be clear, these are lower drilling completion costs are structural, and the 2019 plan assumes flat year-over-year service and supply costs. To the extent we see deflation in service and supply costs, that would be additive to the plan. Importantly, we are acting with a sense of urgency on these initiatives, and we are already executing on plans to achieve at least 70% of these cost reductions this year.
Our efforts to reduce cost go beyond just dollars and cents and represent a meaningful shift in our culture to more streamlined leadership, more reliance on technical expertise and an intense focus on delivering top-tier returns on our investment. The value creation of these changes are material and impactful for our shareholders, equating to a PV10 over the next 10 years of approximately $4.5 billion or more than $10 per share.
Turning to Slide 6. In addition to higher asset quality and an improved cost structure, Devon's unwavering commitment to a disciplined returns-oriented growth strategy will drive additional value creation for our shareholders. As we have highlighted in the past, the leadership team at Devon fundamentally believes that a steadier and more measured investment program through all cycles is the best path to optimize corporate-level returns, sustainably grow our business and generate free cash flow and reward our shareholders with increased amounts of cash returns.
Importantly, this disciplined approach to the business will allow Devon to achieve all our capital allocation priorities at a flat $46 WTI price deck while delivering a mid-teens growth rate in light-oil production. To be clear, this includes all of our capital expenditures, not just some of our capital as suggested by others in the industry in their definition of free cash flow within recent presentations.
Inclusive of all capital and recurring expenses, Devon is poised to grow oil at a mid-teens rate within cash flow at $46 WTI. The benefits of higher commodity prices above $46 oil will drive higher levels of free cash flow for Devon shareholders, not higher capital activity.
Now let's run through some of the operational highlights and specifics of the 2019 program. As we look ahead to 2019 on Slide 7, we expect our disciplined growth strategy to deliver strong results. For New Devon, we plan to invest approximately $1.9 billion of E&P capital, with half of this capital concentrated on low-risk developments in the economic core of our world-class Delaware Basin assets.
The other half of our capital will be evenly split between high-return, low-risk oil projects in the STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. Although well over 90% of our capital is focused on low-risk development, we will strategically allocate capital to mature our upside opportunities in the Niobrara, the Austin Chalk and other key plays.
The capital efficiency associated with this plan is fantastic, allowing us to drill 15% more wells compared to 2018 for roughly 10% less capital investment. Key drivers of this improved capital efficiency are substantially lower facility costs across our retained U.S. asset portfolio, improved cycle times associated with our Wolfcamp program in the Delaware and optimized up-space development program in the STACK and a dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin.
To reemphasize what I noted on a previous slide, all of New Devon's capital requirements in 2019 are funded within operating cash flow at $46 WTI pricing, assuming flat service and supply costs versus 2018.
Turning to Slide 8. This level of capital investment is expected to drive light-oil production growth for New Devon of 13% to 18% in 2019. Importantly, the trajectory of New Devon's oil production profile is expected to steadily advance throughout the year and exit 2019 at rates more than 20% higher than the 2018 average.
Coupled with our share repurchase program that is on pace to reduce our share cap by nearly 30%, Devon is positioned to deliver some of the most advantaged per share growth rates in the industry. While our 2019 business outlook is very strong, we will build upon that success in the future by expanding profitability and improving the returns Devon is capable delivering on a multiyear basis.
On Slide 9, we lay out multiyear targets, which highlight the peer-leading capital efficiency of the company. It really highlights what New Devon can deliver. First, we expect capital requirements over the next 3 years to be fully funded with an operating cash flow at a $46 WTI price point while growing our light-oil production by around 12% to 17% per year over the same time period. As a direct result of our disciplined returns-based growth strategy at $55 WTI, which is near the current strip pricing, New Devon will generate a cumulative free cash flow of $1.6 billion through 2021.
The profitability of our barrels will be enhanced through the aggressive improvement of our cost structure, which is expected to yield at least $780 million of annualized savings. From a balance sheet perspective, New Devon will maintain a low leverage profile by targeting a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.0 to 1.5x.
Slide 10 outlines the free cash flow our business is capable of delivering at various pricing points. As I've already emphasized, this plan is designed to completely fund our 3-year capital requirements at an ultra-low WTI breakeven price of $46 while providing an attractive mid-teens growth rate.
And as I touched on a previous slide, at today's 36-month strip price of around $55 WTI pricing, the New Devon is capable of delivering a 3-year cumulative free cash flow of $1.6 billion. This is equivalent to nearly 15% of our market capitalization at today's share price and represents a very competitive free cash flow yield to investors while still providing an attractive oil production growth rate. Importantly, this measure of free cash flow yield includes the cash flow from New Devon only and isn't adjusted for the cash flow or value of Canada, the Barnett or other minor U.S. noncore assets for sale.
Now I'll quickly cover a few operating highlights from the fourth quarter. Slide 11 highlights the impressive momentum in the Delaware. Oil production is up 49% year-over-year and has already advanced another 14% in January compared to the fourth quarter.
Our well results continue to improve sequentially, reflecting the quality and depth of inventory across our large acreage position in the economic heart of the basin. This will continue into 2019 with our focused Wolfcamp program and an additional development in the Bone Spring near our basin-leading Boundary Raider wells.
Slide 12 outlines the substantial progress we have made optimizing infill spacing developments in the STACK. The success of our up-space development drove oil production 9% higher in the quarter versus the third quarter. As important as the strong rates are the significant capital efficiencies in these infill developments. The drilling and completion costs of our infill wells are coming in at approximately 30% lower than the parent wells, a positive step change in capital efficiency. The improved capital efficiency will help STACK generate free cash flow of around $300 million in 2019 at today's prices.
Slide 13 covers Eagle Ford, where we expect to add a third rig in 2019. Beyond the prolific lower Eagle Ford wells that have driven our development program in previous years, an important program for us this year is our Austin Chalk appraisal. Our 5-well program, along with industry-leading offset activity, could derisk more than 200 locations.
With regard to 2018 results, this asset continued to perform at a very high level, contributing more than $515 million of free cash flow. For the quarter, our positive results were driven by 15 lower Eagle Ford wells averaging 30-day IPs of 3,700 BOE per day, highlighting the quality of the position.
Slide 14 provides an update on the Powder River Basin, where we enter 2019 with significant momentum. January oil production rates were up 25% versus the fourth quarter. Importantly, we expect this momentum to continue as we double our activity levels in 2019 to 4 rigs and have a dedicated frac crew. The expected 2019 exit-to-exit oil growth rate for these emerging opportunities is greater than 50%. The program will prioritize the Turner. It will also advance the Niobrara program, building on the early success seen in 2018.
Turning to Slide 15. Devon's differentiated investment story only gets better. We believe our top-tier U.S. oil business trades at a substantial discount to comparable high-quality peers on a number of metrics. We have included a simple comparison on an enterprise value to EBITDA basis to demonstrate this point.
As you can see, the analysis implies New Devon creates a very attractive valuation and suggests that investors have further upside with the separation of our Canadian, Barnett and other marketed assets. Bottom line is that we see a tremendous investment opportunity in Devon, and we have put our money where our mouth is by aggressively buying back our stock over the past year. Devon represents a unique value proposition in the E&P sector that is recognized by the company, and our board has authorized another increase to our share repurchase authorization to $5 billion. We will be actively buying back shares at this attractive valuation.
So in summary, why should you own Devon? First, core of the core positions in the best U.S. oil plays, low breakevens of $46 WTI with a mid-teens oil growth rate. We are committed to capital-efficient growth and returning capital to shareholders. And finally, with New Devon, you have a unique opportunity to own a top-tier E&P at an incredibly attractive valuation.

Yes, Arun. We are extremely confident on achieving at least $780 million of annualized cost savings. We have activities ongoing right now that are moving us towards achieving those results. We have -- results or things that we're doing on the drilling and completion side. We outlined some of the key items there. I think if you look at the deck back on Slide 17, it highlights some of the increased capital efficiency around facility costs, and I mentioned Wolfcamp drilling cost, STACK infill design, dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin, et cetera. We are working on the LOE side right now. The interest expense is obviously contingent upon the asset sale, and I'm more confident that we're going to do that. But I think very importantly, on the G&A side, and that we have said that we will achieve approximately 70% of those savings by the end of this year, I can tell you that we have already started our activity on that front, and there is going to be additional activity in the very near future, and we have a plan. We've started the execution of that plan, and we're very confident that we're going to get those results. Jeff, do you want to...

Jeff is going to answer that for us.

Arun, I may just add a little detail around the G&A because I suspect others are going to have this same question about it. So if you start with a run -- or a 2018 G&A of $650 million, we're saying we're going to achieve $300 million of G&A savings. And let me kind of break that down for you so you get an idea in the different categories. We have already identified and already have completed about $35 million of efficiency gains versus the 2018 annual numbers. So our run rate currently is around $615 million. We expect another $100 million associated with the divestiture-related exits and specifically the G&A associated with Canada and the Barnett directly related to that. We're targeting about -- additionally about $75 million of non-workforce-related reductions in G&A. And there are a number of areas that, that's going to come from. But we've identified specific areas where we think that we can target savings. We're spending more than we want. But there are certainly some areas, even like the technology area, we think our costs are high and we're working to reduce those, optimizing our third-party labor, a number of areas that are nonspecific to -- that are not workforce related, and we do target about $90 million of workforce reductions. So -- and the bulk of that will be done in 2019 as well. So that gives you a little more detail, hopefully, to see how we get there.

I think Jeff can handle it. But obviously, in Canada, it's been quite variable, I mean, the cash flow that's been generated from that given the differentials. But Jeff can give you more specific numbers.

Well, we've obviously had a significant step change in productivity with the Delaware Basin as we've moved out of the appraisal activity and now we're more into the full development activity in the Delaware Basin. So we're being able to target the right zones and the right areas, and that has led to this productivity improvement. That's going to continue. So I think the other thing you're going to see is you're going to -- as I alluded to, you're going to start seeing the costs come down significantly on the Wolfcamp program. So Tony, I don't know if you want to go -- you can go through a little more specifics on the well expectations by formation.

Doug, this is -- we're going to put John Raines on. John is head of our Delaware business unit, and John has been a part of all the transformation work that we're doing in the Delaware.

Well, we're not going to give these assets -- this asset away. This is a high-quality asset. Yes, there -- it's in the top 10% of all SAGD assets out there. Assets like this don't come to market every day, and we think that, that's going to be recognized by the potential purchasers what a high-quality asset this is. And I think, frankly, there are a number of people who are looking at this business for the long term and understand that and will understand that the differentials can swing widely. But they do have some confidence that eventually, we are going to have more pipeline infrastructure out there, and we'll be able to price it appropriately. So you're not going to see -- we're not going to give it away. But I think the other thing that I would remind you -- that's an important point, but I remind you to go back and look once again at -- on the operations report. It's at Slide 11, where it shows that even with no value ascribed to the Barnett and the Canada, we're still trading at a discount. So in a way, you're getting a free option on this. Now that doesn't mean we're going to give it away for free because we think that it is a valuable asset. But when you look at the share price, I think that's an important thing to keep in mind.

Well, I'd say that overall, we obviously allocate the capital to where we see the highest returns. Now we do have some very high-quality program that we're going to be executing in the STACK in the volatile oil window. And we feel good about that. But I think with the -- you start with the overall desire to certainly live within cash flow and to generate some level of free cash flow. With the breakevens of $46, you can see that we're poised to do that. But given that and given where we want the overall capital budget to be, you start ticking through the areas, and the Delaware performing just outstanding. We want to keep our momentum going there. The Powder River Basin, we think it's important to expand from 2 to 4 rigs to be able to go into development on the Turner and fully appraise the Niobrara activity. The Eagle Ford, we've gone to 3 rigs in partnership with our new partner, BP, and potentially adding a fourth rig later this year. And so we have a relationship there, and so we feel that's appropriate. So that really makes it come back to the STACK, and the STACK is really the one that has the most flexibility for the pace of the program. And so given the learnings we have and we want to concentrate on the core, the volatile oil window, that's the one that we feel that we should adjust capital.

I think, Ryan, our basic philosophy is to have a consistent, measured approach to capital investment. We find that we generate the highest returns when we do not dramatically increase or decrease our capital spending. And so you can look for us -- and that's one of the strengths -- obviously, the advantages of having a strong balance sheet also allows you to weather fluctuations in commodity prices. And so we -- you can see us -- we may flex it up and down slightly, but we try not to do it too much because if you do, you start losing returns. You become much less efficient. And so you can look for us to stay measured in our approach on capital investment. And then as Jeff said, as free cash flow is generated above that approach, we see that available to return to the shareholders.

I would say -- Tony is going to give you the detail, but the big picture is the Turner is moving into full development, and we are appraising the Niobrara for potential full development in 2020. But Tony can lay more details on than that.

Ryan, I can take just a second, just to highlight -- step back and highlight what I think is a very important point about the New Devon. And it's really shown in a series of 3 slides there in the operations report, not the one accompanying the -- my comments, not the management commentary, but the operational report on Slides 4, 5 and 6. Slide 4 shows that we have assets in 4 of the best U.S. onshore basins. And we don't just have assets in 4 of the best U.S. onshore basins. We have -- when you look at the acreage position, our acreage is truly located in the best parts of each of those 4 basins. And that manifests itself directly on Slide 5 with those well productivity results. And I was a little provocative in my comments there, but it is amazing to me that we're so transparent with everything. We talk those missteps we had at Showboat and the STACK and all that, but it just makes you wonder. I mean, we talk about that and the negatives there, but look at where we stack up. We are stacked up, even including that, at the top of the 90-day IP charts. So that is -- that's transparency, and that's also showing that we're in the best parts of those basins. And then when you continue on in Page 6, we have depth. So we've got acreage in the best part of it, and we also have depth in the best part of it. And that's why we are so excited about this New Devon because we think this positions us to compete at the top echelon of the U.S. onshore unconventional companies.

Those will come out of a data room process. We just hope to have the data room completed by -- on Canada by the end of the first quarter; Barnett, second quarter, and so that's when we'll get bids in.

I think it would be primarily due -- 3 rigs basically holds production flat in the Eagle Ford. And so it's the anticipation that we may have a fourth rig in the Eagle Ford, which should be somewhat predicated on the success of the appraisal work in the Austin Chalk.

Yes.

Yes. Well, maybe we'll have John Raines to discuss it here in a little bit more detail. I think we all anticipated to be good wells based on our understanding of the lithology and the thickness of the particular zones we're targeting. Did we all think they're going to be as good as they were? Well, I think they may have been a little bit of a surprise they were that good. But I think we do have a good handle for what's going on lithologically there. And that's why we expect this next batch of wells to be really, really strong. Are they going to be as strong as those 2 wells. Well, maybe not quite that strong. But they'll be strong wells. So John, you want to add to that?

I would probably consider that a snapshot in time. That's just trying to give you indicator of just the production momentum we expect heading into 2020. So not trying to imply Q4 there. But clearly, you'll see a pretty strong growth rate year-over-year to Q4, but probably not greater than 20%.

Well, the plan is a full exit of Canada, so Pike would be included in that, in whatever sales price we get.

Subhasish, I think it's a little bit early to be looking at that. But right now, we have thoughts that, that would just be a good cash flow generating asset and the activity would be somewhat consistent with our plans in '19. We're quite excited right now. I think we reported in some really good rates on the wells that are associated with the less dense spaced projects. And that's showing to be really prolific and has not been built into our fuller modeling thought process, but for the most part, be fairly consistent activity to '19.