Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. The second quarter was another outstanding one for the new Devon. Across the portfolio, our teams are delivering results and continue to exceed the production and capital efficiency targets while successfully driving down per unit cost and maximizing margins. Before we get into details of the quarter, let's begin with a brief overview of what defines new Devon.
For those of you that are new to the story, Devon is nearing the completion of its transformation to a U.S. oil growth company, allowing us to focus entirely on our world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, Powder River, Eagle Ford and STACK. The simplification of our portfolio unleashes the potential of our U.S. oil assets, which reside in the very best parts of the best oil plays in all of North America, where we possess a multi-decade inventory of high return growth opportunities. 
With these advantaged attributes, New Devon is position to deliver sustainable growth and thrive in today's commodity price environment. This is evidenced by several value-enhancing accomplishments year-to-date.
First, oil growth continues to exceed our plan, and we are now raising our full year production outlook for the second time this year to a 19% growth rate. This represents a 400 basis point improvement compared to our original budget expectations heading into the year.
Importantly, the strong well productivity driving oil growth higher is complemented with a step-change  in capital efficiency, resulting in a $50 million reduction in our 2019 capital outlook. Keep in mind, our 2019 capital budget already had $200 million in efficiencies built in it to -- compared to 2018. So far this year, we have brought online 20% more wells or 10% less capital compared to 2018. Any way you slice it, these are outstanding results.
We have also taken action to materially improve our corporate cost structure. Our operating G&A cost savings initiatives are exceeding the plan by a wide margin and now are on pace to achieve more than 70% of the $780 million annual savings target by year-end. The impact of this savings plan is massive with a PV10 benefit over the next decade of more than $4 billion. This is equivalent to roughly 25% of our current enterprise valuation.
This capital and cost discipline translated into free cash flow in the quarter. And coupled with our accretive sale of Canada, we have achieved nearly $3 billion of excess cash inflows this year. With these inflows, we are delivering on our promise to reduce leverage and return capital to shareholders. In fact, our leverage has now declined by  80%  from peak levels and we returned more than $4 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks.
All in all, it has been a fantastic start to the year as we have executed in a very high level on every single strategic objective underpinning the New Devon. And given the commodity price variability we must navigate through in this space, I firmly believe the investment of -- appeal of New Devon is further distinguished by our strategic approach to the business.
We all know there's been some messy and surprising results in the industry of late, but I want to be clear about our unyielding commitment to excellence, discipline and consistency of results. New Devon's financial driven model is designed to deliver peer-leading returns on invested capital to generate sustainable cash flow growth rates and cash flow and to return increasing amounts of cash to shareholders.
And as you can see from our recent results, this model is working. The key to this progressive and balanced operating model is the quality and multi-basin diversity of New Devon's asset portfolio, which has some of the lowest breakeven points in the E&P space. This asset quality and low-cost  advantage allows us to build a margin of safety into our operating plans, which is demonstrated by our ability to fully fund our capital program at less than $50 WTI pricing, even after accounting for the recent weakness in gas and NGL strip pricing.
With our multi-basin diversity, we have the capability to dynamically allocate capital between opportunities to optimize our rate of return. This flexibility is evident with our recent redeployment of capital from the STACK, the higher return and opportunities in Delaware and Powder River.
Lastly, to provide an additional level of certainty to our operational execution, we are proactively managing commodity risk through an active hedging program and have taken steps to further fortify our balance sheet by aggressively reducing leverage ratios to less than 1x net debt to EBITDA. Put another way, our operations are now backstopped by a fortress balance sheet.
I want to end my prepared remarks today with a few preliminary thoughts on our outlook for next year. As I mentioned earlier, Devon is trending ahead of plan on all the operational objectives supporting our 3-year outlook, and we have significant operating momentum heading into next year.
While it is still a bit too early to provide any detailed target for 2020, I can tell you based off the trajectory of our business, I expect efficiencies to continue to lower our breakeven capital funding levels and to further improve our corporate-level  returns. Furthermore, given our low maintenance capital, we have the substantial flexibility to deliver a desirable combination of both free cash flow and highly competitive oil growth rates at today's strip pricing.
More specifically at the asset level, we plan to allocate more capital to the Delaware to better leverage the well productivity and capital efficiencies this franchise asset is delivering, and we will continue to tailor STACK activity to the current commodity price environment. As our planning process firms up, we will provide more specific details on our 2020 outlook this fall. 
And with that, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer.

This is Dave. I'm going to start off with just a summary comment here, and then we'll turn it over to John Raines, who is our Delaware Basin -- the Vice President of that business unit, to give some detailed comments about what you asked.
But I think that is -- you hit on the key -- one of the key elements about New Devon that we have to continue to emphasize is that in the Delaware Basin and in most of our plays, we have moved out of an era where we're doing quite a bit of the appraisal work and moving into  a much higher percentage that's pure development work.
That leads to increased capital efficiency, a lowering of the real cost, growing the best wells and the best zones, higher rates. It also obviously allows us to lower the well cost as we have consistent capital -- or consistent rigs in the same area. And so you see higher quality results and you see very consistent results.
We've demonstrated that clearly with the first 2 quarters of results in 2019, and we will continue to deliver on that in the future. So with that, I'll turn it over to John to answer more details about what that means.

Acreage trades.

Well, we're still working through the details of that, Arun, and we're doing a lot of modeling work on our 2020 capital program to determine what provides the optimum efficiencies. But we did directionally -- in my comments, I did directionally guide that Delaware capital will continue to increase in 2020 and obviously, rightfully so when you see the outstanding results that we're delivering there.
And we're delivering good results, by the way, in other parts of our portfolio. It's not that others are failing, it's just that this is succeeding so well and that's why we're able to increase our production guidance and lower our capital guidance. So we don't -- I can't give you specifics at this point. We're continuing to look at various scenarios. And obviously, it's a great place to be. We're getting even more capital efficiencies than you originally estimated to think about what the options you have when it comes to our 2020 capital program.

Yes. You're right and -- Doug, and good morning. It's -- the Powder has the highest oil percentage of any of the plays we're involved in. And so that play does have very high margins associated with it. And obviously, it's very sensitive then to oil prices, the earns that you generate on that play.  We're extremely pleased with the results we're getting so far in the Powder, where we've now entered into the full development mode on the low-risk Turner play. That will constitute a bulk of the growth that we're going to realize over the next 3 years.
And then we're excited as well about the Niobrara. We have not said too much about our first Niobrara well. We're just pulling that well back at this point. But so far, so good, I would say. One thing to be cautious about, by the way, on the Niobrara is what -- you really can't compare our Niobrara to other industry players' Niobrara out there.
We are at the -- from a thermal maturity standpoint, we are in the heart of the oil window throughout the geologic column, including the Niobrara on our acreage. And that is not the case for some of the industry -- other industry players that have a much more gassy [ count  ] Niobrara. So we're excited. Although, again, that's the small part of our overall growth story over the next 3 years. But the returns are very competitive with those in the rest of the portfolio, and that's why we have 4 rigs working out there right now.

I'm going to turn it over to -- give you to Wade Hutchings to give you the inventory number.

Doug, and for everyone, I think it's important to understand that we really have a dynamic capital allocation model. And what that means is that we really look at what are generating the highest returns throughout our portfolio. And we obviously take into account commodity prices when we make that decision.
We have the ability, with the inventory levels that we have, to grow any of the assets if we so choose. But we don't think about it so much about whether or not we are growing an individual asset or not. We allocate our capital to what we consider to be the highest return opportunities and then the growth as an output of that given where we think we're getting the highest returns.
If we were less dynamic, frankly, with our capital, we could just -- we could allocate it more proportionate to all of our plays so that they all grow because we have the inventory to do that. But we don't think that's the way to optimize the value of the company.
So with this, obviously, you've had some weakness in natural gas and NGL prices here. And with that, we've made the decision to reduce the activity somewhat in the STACK and to reallocate that capital out to the Delaware and the Rockies given the higher returns in this point.

I'm glad you appreciate that. And yes, it's -- I think you could make the argument frankly, not just about that $50 million, but you can make the argument about capital in general. But -- as to what the right levels of capital are in the program, we did it to optimize the capital efficiencies that we have in both the Delaware and the Powder River Basin to optimize returns, is to optimize the interplay between drilling rigs and completion crews and to maximize the efficiency between those.
And so we felt that, that was going to maximize the returns and the right decision to do. I think it's a totally separate discussion that you can ask of us or everyone else. Every other E&P companies want the right level of capital allocation is and what's the right mix of the competitive free cash flow, yield and growth. And certainly, we think we're in a position to deliver on both of those. And that's certainly what we're looking at going forward into 2020.

No. There's no firm transportation that drives that capital allocation. There's no held by production issues at all. It is simply optimizing returns. And again, it's optimizing returns across the entire portfolio.
We are currently having the bulk of our activity in the -- what we call the volatile oil portion of the play. And those returns and we've -- on a revised type curve that we put out previously, where we're meeting or exceeding those and we're driving down the cost of those wells extremely efficiently. Those returns compete for capital and everything else in the portfolio.
Obviously, as we move outside of that in future years more into what would be considered the gas condensate window and even perhaps the dry gas window, the resource is there, the resource is very strong and the opportunities are there. But with the recent weakness in natural gas liquids and natural gas prices, so that's why we reallocated the $50 million out. And we're looking very closely at any activity outside of that and considering whether we want to bring in joint venture partners on a small or a larger scale to help us with any activity there to really dramatically increase our capital efficiency and make those opportunities compete for capital.

Well, obviously, as we move into full development mode, we are going to continue to drive down the cost on the capital side. I think John Raines already outlined of how he sees additional cost improvement in the Wolfcamp. And I would anticipate that we are going to see drilling and completion cost improvement throughout the portfolio. Because when you're in full development mode, it's just by nature that you get better and better as you do more repetitive type activities. So I would anticipate that you would see that even more.
Tony, I don't know if you want to answer a little bit on the LOE side. But I think the good -- one of the good news things I can add [indiscernible] a little bit, is a lot of our infrastructure is in place. And so we are able to add barrels with very good oil incremental cost because of all the vast majority of the infrastructure is already in place for our -- once we increase our production.

It looks like we're going to have a really strong Q4, and that's going to be based on a higher -- slightly higher capital spend that we have in Q3 that's going to drive really high production there. I -- the only concern I've heard from -- seen from a couple of reports is, well, does that drive down our 2020?
And I guess I'd be willing to prepare a little spreadsheet for anybody of why bringing on production a month early is a good thing. If that's what ends up happening, then I don't get to worry about whether it comes on in December or January, quite frankly. I don't think it's a big value driver. But anyway, they're -- we do anticipate a very strong end of the year that's going to give us a lot of operation momentum as we go into 2020.

Yes. The maintenance capital is about $1.4 billion, and that's maintenance capital essentially to keep EBITDA flat. And the base decline on the assets overall is in the -- about low 30s, a little bit higher on the oil side of the business that factors into that.

Well, we are going to stick to our -- I think the overall message, first and foremost, is that we are executing from an operational perspective at a very high level. We are going to continue to stick to that plan, and we're very confident that, that execution is going to continue. We think that we have the asset base and the cost structure that we can deliver both, that we can deliver free cash flow yield as competitive, not only within the space, but within other industrial companies while still delivering a significant growth.
So we are planning and our plans are based on delivering both of those. So with that overall thought, that's part of the work that we're doing in regards to 2020 and beyond, is what is the optimum level to ensure that we deliver on those metrics. So the good news is, with our low breakevens, the continued reduction -- increase in capital efficiency, the continued reduction of the cost structure and the growth in revenue that's  going to come as we grow our light oil production, we think we're as well positioned as just about any company out there in the space to deliver on that.

Well, I think currently, again, to emphasize it, as we -- the current activity we have going on with the volatile oil window is competitive right now. As we move out of the volatile oil window in the future, are those returns going to compete? And certainly, in the weaker natural gas and NGL market on a ground floor basis right now that they're going to struggle to compete for capital as well as with the other plays.
But as I also have mentioned, and we're not being too specific here, we just can't, that we see opportunities because  of our strong acreage position, that there are opportunities on both the small and perhaps even larger scale to bring in capital to that play to make those economics competitive that we would have activity kind of outside the volatile oil window that would take advantage of these partner or joint venture type opportunity.