Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. 
Devon's third quarter results were outstanding, once again showcasing the power of our Delaware-focused asset portfolio and the benefits of our financially driven business model. Our team's unwavering focus on operations excellence has established impressive momentum that has allowed us to capture efficiencies, accelerate free cash flow, reduce leverage and return a market-leading amount of cash to shareholders. Simply put, we are delivering on exactly what our shareholder-friendly business model was designed for, and that is to lead the energy industry in capital discipline and cash returns. 
Now moving to Slide 4. While our strategy is a clear differentiator for Devon, the success of this approach is underpinned by our high-quality asset portfolio that is headlined by our world-class acreage position in the Delaware Basin. With this advantaged portfolio, we possess a multi-decade resource opportunity in the best position plays on the U.S. cost curve. And with this sustainable resource base, we are positioned to win multiple ways with our balanced commodity exposure. 
While our production is leveraged to oil, nearly half our volumes come from natural gas and NGLs, providing us with meaningful revenue exposure to each of these valuable products. This balance and diversification are critically important to Devon's long-term success. 
As you can see on Slide 5, the strength of our operations and the financial benefits of our strategy were on full display with our third quarter results. This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments, including: we completed another batch of excellent wells in Delaware Basin that drove volumes 5% above our guidance. We maintained our capital allocation in a very disciplined way by limiting our reinvestment rates to only 30% of our cash flow. We're continuing to capture synergies and drive per unit cost lower. We are also achieving a more than eightfold increase in our free cash flow. We're increasing our fixed and variable dividend payout by 71%. We're improving our financial strength by reducing net debt 16% in the quarter. 
Overall, it was another tremendous quarter for Devon, and I especially want to congratulate our employees and our investors for these special results. 
Now moving to Slide 6. While 2021 is wrapping up to be a great year for Devon, the investment thesis only gets stronger as I look ahead to next year. Although we're still working to finalize the details of our 2022 plan, I want to emphasize that our strategic framework remains unchanged, and we will continue to prioritize free cash flow generation over the pursuit of volume growth. As we have stated many times in the past, we have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market until demand side fundamentals sustainably recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world markets. 
With this disciplined approach and to sustain our production profile in 2022, we are directionally planning on an upstream capital program in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion. Importantly, with our operating efficiency gains and improved economies of scale, we can fund this program at a WTI breakeven price of around $30. This low breakeven funding level is a testament to the great work the team has done over the past few years to streamline our cost structure and optimize our capital efficiency. Being positioned as a low-cost producer provides us with a wide margin of safety to continue to execute on all facets of our cash return model. 
With our 2022 outlook, Devon will have one of the most advantaged cash flow growth outlooks in the industry. At today's prices, with the full benefit of the merger synergies and an improved hedge book, we're positioned for cash flow growth of more than 40% compared to 2021. As you can see on the graph, this strong outlook translates into a free cash flow yield of 18% at an $80 WTI price. The key takeaway here is that 2022 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon shareholders. 
Now jumping ahead to Slide 8. The top priority of our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. This unique dividend policy is specifically designed for our commodity-driven business and provides us the flexibility to return more cash to shareholders than virtually any other opportunity in the markets today. 
Now to demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2022 based on our preliminary guidance. As you can see, Devon's implied dividend is not only more than double that of the energy sector, but this yield is vastly superior to every sector in the S&P 500 Index. In fact, at today's pricing, Devon's yield is more than 7x higher than the average company that is represented in the S&P 500 Index. Now that's truly something to think about in the yield-starved world we currently live in. 
Moving on to Slide 9. With our improving free cash flow outlook and strong financial position, I'm excited to announce the next step in our cash return strategy with the authorization of a $1 billion share repurchase program. This program is equivalent to approximately 4% of Devon's current market capitalization and is authorized through year-end 2022. Jeff will cover this topic in greater detail later in the call, but this opportunistic buyback is a great complement to our dividend strategy and provides us with another capital allocation tool to enhance per-share results for shareholders. 
Now skipping ahead to Slide 11 and to close out my prepared remarks, I want to summarize Devon's unique investment proposition through 3 simple charts. Beginning on the far left chart, our business is positioned to generate cash flow growth of more than 20 -- 40% in 2022, which is vastly superior to most other opportunities in the market. As you can see in the middle chart, this strong growth translates into an 18% free cash flow yield that will be deployed to dividends, buybacks and the continued improvement of our balance sheet. 
And lastly, on the far right chart, even with all these outstanding financial attributes, we still trade at a very attractive valuation, especially compared to the broader market indices. We believe this to be another catalyst for our share price appreciation as more and more investors discover Devon's unique investment proposition. 
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Clay to cover some of the great operational results we delivered in the third quarter. Clay?

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. 
In closing today, I'd like to highlight a few things. Number one, Devon is meeting the demands of investors with our capital discipline, earnings and cash flow growth, market-leading dividend payout, debt reduction and now a share buyback program. 
Number two, Devon is also meeting the demands of the market with our strong oil production results, great exposure to natural gas and NGLs, along with our consistent execution. 
And number three, lastly, Devon is also meeting the demands of society by providing a reliable energy before the pandemic, during the pandemic and as we emerge from the pandemic. 
Our people throughout the 5 states where we operate continue to show up for work and work safely. We didn't overreact with our capital program during the pandemic like many others did. We actually strengthened the company with a merger. 
And finally, we're laser-focused on achieving our stated short-term, midterm and long-term ESG targets. We're proud of the work we've done and look forward to continuing meeting the needs of investors, the market and society for the foreseeable future. Devon is a premier energy company, and we're excited about the value we'll consistently provide to all of our important stakeholders. 
And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Yes, it's a great question, Arun. And I'll have Clay weigh in and provide some more details. 
The way we're looking at it is, number one, as Clay talked about, we did a very comprehensive deep dive. We -- and once again, these numbers are strictly operated. So we have not operated projects out there that are not in this county. We wanted to make it really clear that these are operated and we're going to control the drilling and completion activities. 
We also contemplated many of the sections that have been set up as 1-mile laterals are now 2-mile laterals with some of the acreage consolidations that we've seen. And in some cases where you've got the federal units, especially on the New Mexico side, we've seen now the opportunities to drill more and more of the 3-mile laterals. And you saw the results that we just put up, not only this past quarter but over the last year or so. So really, really attractive opportunities. 
I think there's going to continue to be opportunities for us to replenish our inventory there and a lot of this -- you mentioned a couple of transactions that have taken place in the broader Permian but specifically in the -- on the Delaware side, you laid out the Conoco's purchase of the shale acreage. 
I can tell you, Arun, that we operate wells that are the Shell had nonoperated interest in. We have opportunities to do a lot more trading and I think optimizing our portfolio. That's the first thing I'll add to, and I think that's going to optimize -- even further optimize the returns we get. 
And then there's -- there are going to be other small opportunities out there. We're really focused on bolt-on type of things that really make industrial -- make a lot of sense from an industrial perspective. And so I think you'll continue to see that. 
I'll also just weigh in. The last 2 days, we've had an internal tech conference. And when I look at the unbelievable technology that's being employed by Devon today as we find more and more opportunities within the acreage we're already operating, I got real excited. And I think the entire organization is excited about what the future looks like. 
And so those are a couple of ideas that we have, and I'm confident that our team will continue to keep a long runway of inventory opportunities out front. So Clay, you may want to add to that?

Really I'd expand on that a little bit. And Neil, you have -- certainly, you and your firm have your own view, but ours is that we're pretty constructive on NGL pricing as the worldwide economy just continues to get stronger and stronger. And so I think a point has been made. It's a real nice position to be in when you can see these kind of volumes be put up and helps cash flow in a big way.

Yes. I think the way we're looking at it, Neil, is we're really focused, as we said in our remarks on cash flow per share growth. And it's -- when you start looking at 40% cash flow growth in '22 over '21, just keeping your volumes flat, absolute volume growth really doesn't have appeal. We just need to -- we need to make sure that -- as we said, the OPEC+ barrels are back in the market, and we'll watch things and we're going to be thoughtful. 
But if you think about our retiring or repurchasing actually 4% of your shares, you are going to get some per-share production growth. And I think most of the investors that we talk to, that's plenty good for them. And that's kind of how we're thinking about it.

We sure can.

Well, I think the way we're looking at now, the variable dividend concept, this is -- I guess, here in December will be the fourth quarterly distribution. So it's -- I'd say it's still relatively new. 
It's been very, very well received. We think it's very prudent. We agree with your comments on the share repurchase. Those are permanent and meaningful. But I think with the variable dividend, we've had a lot of discussions. Some people have really asked us about, are we wanting to bump that up to, say, a 75% threshold or something. And I think for us, we think the 50% is a very, very prudent level. Let's see how this plays out. 
We talked the base dividend, this variable dividend, now the share repurchase. And then as Jeff talked about the debt reduction, those all really, I think, add up to a very, very compelling story for shareholders, something that we feel really good about. So I think that -- we'll see how the share repurchase program goes. I think a question will be down -- this question you're asking, give us a few months, give us a few quarters, and let's see how things play out, what really makes sense. But that's really how we're looking at it. I think a balanced approach is pretty hard to compete with. 
And Jeff, you may have some additional comments.

Neal, I think we have been rewarded to a degree. I think -- but if you ask Scott Coody, the number of phone calls, inbound phone calls that he's getting from more and more generalist investors and people, quite honestly, he's never talked to or even heard of, that's extremely encouraging. 
So I think we have started to see the tip of the iceberg on our recognition, the appreciation of how -- what a strong tool is variable dividend is. So yes, I think if you go back to our conversation we had several months ago, I think it was still just a little bit of a wait and see. And we talked, I think, at that time about interestingly enough, if you're just a yield investor, you're out and mining for yield comparing opportunities. If you look at Bloomberg, FactSet, places like that, it just picks up that fixed dividend. It doesn't always contemplate the variables or specials and those sorts of things. 
So I think there's a little bit of a wait-and-see mode now. You fast forward to where we are today, and I think we have seen some recognition of that. The feedback we get from our shareholders. We've seen the shareholder base actually change a fair amount. 
So I think the calls we're getting would probably illustrate that, yes, we're starting to get some recognition of the power of that variable dividend. And certainly, I think when people open the envelope here at the end of the year on this $0.84 per share dividend, that's a nice one. So I think it's going to continue to be very much appreciated. So tip of the iceberg though.

Well, as we stated on several occasions, all 5 of our assets play a very key role in our going-forward strategy. You bring up something, could you bring in a partner? Yes, absolutely. That's always something you can do and the returns that they would get would be quite honestly, phenomenal and the returns we would get would be phenomenal, I think. So that's always an opportunity. We just wanted to do the right thing for the long-term success of the company. And I can tell you that we continue in all of our basins to find more and more creative ideas on the resource, and this is the subsurface. And then -- so I think as we get into it, a little -- next year or 2, we'll always have those opportunities, and we'll evaluate them as they come along. But our phone does ring. So it is something that we contemplate. Clay, you may want to comment on that.

Neal, I'll add one more thing to that point that Clay just made. And I think that if you look at the legacy of Devon, it's a kind of company that people want to work with. And so case in point is Dow partnership. That's the second one. 
The first one was launched back in the Barnett days. And so once you prove that you're a viable partner and that you can make people some money, they will come back. So I'd like to add that.