Thank you, Scott, and good morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today and for your interest in Devon. For the purpose of today's call, my comments will be centered on 3 key points: our outstanding third quarter results, our improved outlook for the remainder of the year and the benefits of our recently announced merger with WPX. 
On Slide 7 of our earnings presentation, I'll begin my prepared remarks by covering a few key highlights from our outstanding third quarter results. Across the portfolio, our teams are responding to a challenging operating environment by delivering results that continue to exceed production and capital efficiency targets while successfully driving down per-unit operating costs and maximizing margins. This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments in the quarter, including oil production exceeding midpoint guidance by 6,000 barrels per day, complemented with capital spending that was once again below forecast. 
Furthermore, we continued to expand margins through improvements in our cost structure, headlined by operating expenses that were 8% below guidance, and G&A costs that were reduced 30% year-over-year. With this strong operational performance, we generated $223 million of free cash flow in the quarter. And just after quarter end, with the closing of the Barnett transaction, we paid out a $100 million special dividend. 
All in all, the third quarter was an excellent one, both operationally and financially as we executed at a very high level on every single strategic objective that underpins our business model. This strong performance is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team, and I want to thank our employees for their continued commitment to excellence. 
Moving to Slide 11. With the strong results our business has delivered to date, we are now raising our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Not surprisingly, this improved outlook is underpinned by the outstanding well performance we are experiencing in the Delaware Basin. And as a result, we are now increasing our full year oil guidance for the second consecutive quarter. 
Looking specifically at the upcoming quarter, we now expect our oil production to average 148,000 to 153,000 barrels per day, a 7,000 barrels per day improvement versus prior guidance expectations. Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production with $30 million less capital compared to the revised budget we issued earlier this year. We also continue to act with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cash cost structure in order to get the most out of every barrel we produce. With this intense focus, we are on track to reduce LOE and GP&T costs by approximately $0.50 per unit or 6% compared to our previous expectations.
To achieve this step-level improvement in field-level costs, we have meaningfully reduced our recurring LOE expense across several categories, including chemical and disposal costs, compression and contract labor. We have also taken steps to streamline our organization's corporate cost structure. This is clearly demonstrated by our G&A expense trajectory improving by around $35 million compared to the revised budget, and we expect to achieve a $250 million G&A run rate target by year-end. 
Turning briefly to Slide 13. The positive impact from higher volumes, better capital efficiency and strong cost discipline has resulted in increasing amounts of free cash flow in 2020. Including the proceeds from the Barnett Shale divestiture that closed on October 1, we are on pace to generate around $900 million of free cash flow this year. This is a tremendous accomplishment given the incredibly challenging conditions we have faced this year. And importantly, with this excess cash flow, we have rewarded shareholders with higher dividend payments. 
Turning your attention back to Slide 3 of our presentation, I would like to cover the strategic rationale underpinning our recently announced merger with WPX. This groundbreaking transaction announced on September 28 represents the first true merger of equals within the E&P space in nearly 2 decades. The strategic combination of Devon and WPX is transformational as we unite our complementary assets to create a leading unconventional oil producer in the U.S. with an asset base underpinned by a premium position in the economic core of the Delaware Basin. 
By bringing together our respective companies, shareholders will benefit from enhanced scale, immediate cost synergies, higher free cash flow and the financial strength to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through an industry-first fixed-plus-variable dividend strategy. Additionally, the low premium stock-for-stock combination underscores our confidence that this transaction will allow shareholders of both companies to benefit from synergy realization and the powerful upside potential associated with our financially driven business model. 
The path to completing this merger is progressing well. We received HSR clearance last week, the S-4 proxy will be filed within the next few days and both companies plan to hold shareholder votes around year-end to finalize the merger. Integration plans are also underway, led by a transition team comprised of senior leaders from each company. In addition to ensuring a seamless transition, the team is also tasked with capitalize on the synergies and operational efficiencies that contribute to the significant upside of the combined company. 
Moving to Slide 4. The value of our merger with WPX lies not only in the power of our enhanced scale and strong financial position but also in how we will manage our company in the future. As I have mentioned many times in the past, with a commodity business such as ours, any successful strategy must be grounded in supply and demand fundamentals. We understand the maturing demand dynamics for our industry and recognize the traditional E&P growth model of the past is not a viable strategy going forward. To win in the next phase of the energy cycle, a successful company must deploy a financially driven business model that prioritizes cash returns directly to shareholders. 
Devon is an industry leader in its cash return movement, and with this highly disciplined strategy, we are absolutely committed to limiting top line growth aspirations to 5% or less in times of favorable conditions, pursuing margin expansion through operational scale and leaner corporate structure, moderating investment rates to 70% to 80% of operating cash flow, maintaining extremely low levels of leverage to establish a greater margin of safety and returning more cash directly to shareholders through quarterly and variable dividends. I believe these shareholder-friendly initiatives that underpin our cash-return business model will transform Devon from a highly efficient oil and gas operator to a prominent and consistent builder of economic value through the cycle. 
With the extreme price volatility we have recently experienced, I do want to provide a few preliminary thoughts on 2021. While it is a bit too early to provide any formal guidance, I want to be clear that our top priorities are to protect our financial strength, aggressively reduce costs and protect our productive capacity. We believe we can accomplish all these objectives in the current operating environment. In fact, with our strong hedging position and pro forma cost structure, we can fund our maintenance capital program at an ultra-low breakeven level of $33 WTI pricing, if not lower, with the leading-edge results we are achieving in the Delaware. 
We will provide more formalized guidance for 2021 upon completion of the merger with WPX, but we will remain mindful of commodity prices, nimble with our capital plans, and we will invest responsibly to protect shareholder value during this time of uncertainty. 
And finally, on Slide 5. Another critically important component of Devon's business model is our commitment to delivering top-tier ESG performance. Doing business the right way has always been a focal point for Devon and predates the growing focus on ESG that we -- that has taken off in recent years. We believe the strong ESG performance -- strong performance in the ESG space is essential and impacts every aspect of our business operationally and financially. As with all other aspects of our business, our focus is to control what we can control, while providing energy the world needs, and we take pride in fulfilling this need in a reliable and responsible manner. 
As such, our top environmental priorities include eliminating routine flaring, reducing emissions and advancing water recycling. In addition to these environmental objectives, we strive to cultivate an inclusive and diverse workplace, where broad experiences and fresh perspectives can sharpen our competitive edge. From a governance perspective, we are proud that the combined company will have a strong, diverse and independent Board, committed to responsible operations to advance the best interest of all stakeholders. The bottom line is we are committed to these principles, which is underscored by the inclusion of ESG performance as a key measure in our compensation structure. 
So in summary, I want to emphasize that the go-forward Devon has all the necessary attributes to successfully navigate and flourish in today's environment and to create value for many years to come. Our shareholder-friendly strategy is designed to result in attractive returns and free cash flow yields that will compete with any sector in the market. The combination of our top-tier asset portfolio, proven leadership team and disciplined business model offers a unique investment proposition in the E&P space. 
And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to David Harris to cover a few of our operational highlights from the quarter.

Well, I'll start off here, and then David will provide details. I think we said in our prepared remarks that we anticipate having about 650 federal permits by the end of the year. 80% of those are going to be in the Delaware Basin or about 520 federal permits in the Delaware Basin by the end of the year is our anticipation. 
The key point of that is that, that covers 4 years of activity that we would anticipate in the Delaware Basin, and that's, keeping in mind when I say that, even under the maintenance capital scenario where production overall for the company would remain flat. That means, though, in the Delaware Basin, we would be growing our production. So that's a level of permits that would allow production to actually grow in the Delaware Basin while keeping the overall production for the company as flat. 
And the other thing I'd mention, too, is keep in mind, we are very well aligned with the state here, that 40% of the revenue in New Mexico comes from oil and gas activities. And the state understands extremely well. Governor Grisham, who's on the Biden transition team, understands and supports very much oil and gas activity in the state. So I know there's a lot of discussion around this and I understand why, but the alignment with the state and what we do as an industry for the state to help out with other social needs that the state has is extremely important. Everyone in the state of New Mexico understands that. 
And so it's a great hypothetical question, but frankly, we think, most likely, is that things will slow down, but there's not going to be a stopping of activity on federal acreage. Even if there is, we have 4 years' worth of activity covered with the permits we anticipate by the end of the year. 
So David, did I miss anything there?

Yes. Federal permits are issued with a 2-year term, and then you have the ability to extend them for an additional 2 years. So certainly, permits that are out would be out past that 2-year term would require us to go through the extension process. But a couple of things I'd point out to you there. We've never had an extension denied before. And it's important to note that the permits are underlied by an environmental assessment that's done as part of the permitting process, and those environmental assessments are good for a period of 5 years. So the answer to your question is yes, but we don't foresee any material impacts from that.

Well, we're still in the process of developing a -- obviously a combined 2021 capital program. We don't have anything specific to lay out there. But obviously, in the Delaware Basin where we're drilling the legacy Devon wells, we are delivering best-in-class costs for these wells. Productivity that's as good as just about anybody out there. And obviously, you get a little bit of advantage of a lower royalty rate on federal acreage as well. 
And so the economics on the Devon legacy activity are incredibly strong. Probably, on average, I'd say, even a little bit stronger than the WPX. But the WPX is extremely strong also, and that's why we like it. But it's hard to top what you can do right here in Lea and Eddy County. And so I'd see we -- again, we haven't developed any sort of combined budget, but it's -- they're both highly economic areas. Probably the overall edge on an average basis would probably go to the activity in Lea and Eddy County on the federal -- on the legacy Devon acreage.

Brian, one thing that people have said, why are you doing this? How can you do this? Well, I'd say one of the big things that we have going for us is that we went -- we were the first ones to go to 10,000-foot laterals in the Wolfcamp out here. And we -- admittedly, we had a few wells in the beginning, where I'd say we stubbed our toes a little bit. They were challenging at first for us. 
Most of the industry are drilling 7,500-foot laterals. We went to 10,000. But because we went early and we figured it out and we went a, what we call a modified slim hole design, that design has turned out to be very robust and be the appropriate design that we have now stayed with for a long time. So we have many, many repetitions of drilling the same type well over and over and over, many more than I think than many of our peer companies out there with this particular design. And that just allows us to be further down on the efficiency curve. 
Now are we done? We absolutely are never done. No way. But I think if there's a question, well, this almost seems too good to be true, why are you able to do this? I'd say those are a couple of the big things as well as allowing us to optimize our costs from our vendors when you go to that fixed design like that.

Well, I'll start off here, and then Jeff can chime in. So what we've said, and I'll talk about the combined Devon-WPX here pro forma, that we -- our breakevens for maintenance capital would be $33 WTI. And frankly, with what we're talking about this morning, it looks like it's -- we're tending to drive that lower. We don't have a new number for you today. But obviously, the results that we talked about today would tend to drive that breakeven even lower. Then if you add the fixed dividend, that would take the breakeven up to $37. 
And we've said that we will invest at maintenance capital levels up to around $45 per share. So we would be building free cash flow in that range. And once we get to $45, we'd mix in a combination of a little bit of growth, select growth, along with adding to the free cash flow at the same time. And by the time we get to $50 -- $50 WTI, I may have said per share -- $50 WTI, we can accomplish all of our strategic objectives of 5% growth and really strong cash flow yield. 
So back when we start generating free cash flow, we think we're at a healthy enough financial position that we can do a combination of debt paydown and the variable dividend. Now obviously, we want to maintain some flexibility around how much we do to each. But we think we're in a good position on both. And so we'll make judgment calls on how we think the appropriate mixture is, but it's not like we have to get one done before we start the other or we have to have a certain level of growth before we start to fix the variable dividend policy. We anticipate once we start generating free cash flow, if we see an appropriate commodity price outlook, that we will start the variable dividend policy. So Jeff?

Well, first off, we're trying to use what I would consider more of a Webster's dictionary book definition of maintenance capital. So it's not an optimized 2021 maintenance capital. In other words, we're not counting on any sort of drawdown of DUC inventory in this at all. This is more of a pure, how much capital do we think we need to spend or what price WTI do we need, given the capital we need to spend in order to keep production flat without any drawdown of DUCs. If we would draw down DUCs, it could be even better. 
And so certainly, as we have accomplished better capital efficiency, along with the cost synergies that we're anticipating out of the merger, that, that's what's allowing us to lower that maintenance capital significantly. I would anticipate that's going to continue to lower through time as we continue to achieve even greater capital efficiency, more cost efficiencies. And frankly, as our -- as Brian Singer brought up earlier, as our overall corporate decline rate becomes lower in outer years, then the amount of capital required to maintain the production should trend lower also. 
So what we're giving you is just kind of a definition of where it is, just slamming together the 2 companies, what we both defined as maintenance capital. I think it was $950 million on the Devon side and the remainder on the WPX side. But again, the results we're seeing today are tending to indicate that, even now, it's going to be lower in 2021, but we're not giving an exact number.

I think the short answer is yes, that when you get good people together and they start talking about that, and I think particularly on the capital side, we're seeing that there are going to be improvements even just from pure scale on the supply chain and what the incremental scale will provide as well as just optimizing programs as well. So yes, it's still early days, but I can tell you, there's a lot of excitement and enthusiasm that the synergies are not only achievable, but we're going to see more than that. So Jeff and David here are even closer to it than me. Got anything?

And I'll just say philosophically, I think one of the reasons that this -- we're going to make this work so well is it's our whole approach to this is more of a merger of equals. And so we're -- both sides are taking the attitude that, okay, we've both done well on our own, but are there some things that we can do to create a better company that are even better than either one is individually? And it's that open-minded attitude about -- and really not focusing on what I do great or my company does great. 
It's more about, okay, we -- how can we really create something that's better than either one of us and not worry about where it comes from, whether it's from the WPX side or the Devon side, just how can we do better? And I think there's a lot to be said for just that mental attitude of really trying to take the best from both sides. It's going to allow even more synergies in a situation where you just have something that's just much more of a takeover and you don't learn as much from the other side as you do in this type situation.

Yes. We don't have a specific plan, but I mean they have some outstanding acreage just across the state line in an area actually called the Stateline area as well as the acreage they picked up from Felix, and which Felix, we think -- and they feel very much so, too, did not optimize the development plan on that. So yes, it's going to compete for capital very well. I did say I think, maybe on average, that Devon's a little bit better, but the legacy results we have are a pretty high bar to meet. And I don't know that anybody that we'd look at would quite match up to that. But that doesn't mean that WPX isn't really, really good. 
And that's what -- and -- well, frankly, we did quite a big study on those before WPX acquired both those positions. So we understand those positions pretty darn well. So David, do you want to add anything?

I'm sorry, Jeffrey, I kind of misunderstood your question. I thought you meant their...

Well, we have -- if you think about it, we have -- 3 areas are generating really strong free cash flow right now, pro forma that will be generating really strong free cash flow, in the Bakken, the Eagle Ford and the Anadarko Basin. Obviously, the biggest growth engine with 400,000 really high-quality acres in the Delaware Basin, that's going to be the biggest growth engine. 
And then you have the Rockies, that's more of a longer-term growth play. It's not as much of a free cash flow play right now. And it's a smaller asset, but it's a very oily basin. We know there is very good potential in Niobrara there across probably a couple of hundred thousand acres or so. And our approach right now, we think, is most appropriate. Just take a very measured approach, we've drilled some wells here, we're learning a great deal from the wells we did about what worked extremely well and where our challenges still lie. 
It's probably an environment that is going to take -- it's very oily up in the Powder. It's going to take probably $45, $50 oil to really compete effectively for economics, but there's a lot of hydrocarbon there. So it's the one that's not as a strong a contributor currently, but I don't feel -- we'll obviously look as a combined company. Neither side has been afraid to make the right decision at the appropriate time, but there's nothing obvious because both companies have really high-graded their portfolio a lot historically. And we like the asset base, but that's obviously the stage of each of them, and we understand it, we'll look at it.