Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today.  
For Devon Energy, 2021 was a transformational year that can best be defined by our willingness to be a first mover and pursue bold strategic consolidation. Our operational excellence and unyielding commitment to capital discipline and the groundbreaking deployment of our industry-leading cash return business model underpinned by our fixed plus variable dividend.  
As you can see on Slide 5 of our presentation, an event that was foundational to our success in 2021 was a merger of equals between Devon and WPX have brought together 2 highly compatible organizations with complementary assets to create an elite E&P company. This transaction was perfectly timed at the very bottom of the cycle and set the groundwork for Devon's significant value creation during the year.  
With this advantaged platform, we executed on our Delaware-focused operating plan and captured cost synergies that resulted in $600 million of annual cash flow improvements. These margin expansion efforts, combined with a disciplined capital allocation framework that prioritize value over volumes, resulted in Devon generating the highest level of free cash flow in our prestigious 50-year history.  
With this powerful stream of free cash flow, we delivered on exactly what our shareholder-friendly business model was designed for, and that is to lead the industry in cash returns. As you can see on the graphic, we rewarded shareholders with outsized dividends, opportunistic share buybacks, and we took meaningful steps to strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet.  
This disciplined execution was rewarded by the market, with our share price achieving the highest return of any stock in the entire S&P 500 Index during 2021. I am so very proud of what we accomplished, and I want to extend my sincerest gratitude to everyone involved. Our team comprehensively executed on the tenets of our strategy, while responsibly providing our nation with a low-cost and reliable energy source that is the [ lack blood ] of our modern economy.  
Now turning to Slide 6. While 2021 was a record-setting year for Devon, the setup for 2022 is even better. With the operational momentum we have established, we have designed a capital program to efficiently sustain production at an ultra-low WTI breakeven funding level of around $30 a barrel.  
Combined with the full benefit of merger-related cost synergies in a vastly improved hedge book, we're positioned to deliver free cash flow growth of more than 70% compared to 2021. As you see on the graph, this strong outlook translates into a free cash flow yield of 14%, assuming an $85 WTI price. Clay will run through the details of our operating plan later, but simply put, we expect 2022 to be another great year for Devon.  
Turning your attention to Slide 7. With this significant stream of free cash flow, the top priority for our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. This cash return strategy is a staple of our capital allocation process, allowing us to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions.  
With this differentiated framework, we've increased Devon's dividend payout for 5 consecutive quarters. And in aggregate, we paid out $1.3 billion of dividends in 2021, which is a per share increase of roughly 2x that of 2020. Importantly, we expect our dividend growth story to only strengthen in 2022.  
As you can see on the bar chart, we are on pace to essentially double our dividend again in the upcoming year, which equates to around 8%. I would like to highlight that this attractive yield includes a substantial increase to our fixed dividend that we announced last night. This 45% increase in the fixed dividend reflects the confidence we have in our underlying business and financial performance as we head into 2022.  
Now on Slide 9, I want to briefly showcase how our unique dividend policy offers a quite compelling alternative for yield-seeking investors. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2022 compared to other commonly referenced yields in the financial markets. As you can see, Devon's yield of 8% is approximately 6x higher than the S&P 500 Index and well in excess of the prevailing interest rate you can get from a 10-year treasury.  
While I fully acknowledge that these 3 instruments possess different risk and volatility characteristics, I believe it's important to highlight the outside -- outsized income that Devon offers in this yield-starved world we live in today.  
On Slide 10, in addition to our market-leading dividend payout, we're also excited to announce that we are increasing our share repurchase authorization by 60% to $1.6 billion. At a multiple of less than 5x cash flow, we believe our business trades at a substantial discount to the intrinsic value, especially given the structural improvements we've made to expand margins and returns.  
Given this favorable setup, we have put our money where our mouth is by aggressively repurchasing $589 million of shares just in the fourth quarter alone. With the Board expanding the capacity of our repurchase program, we will continue to be opportunistic buyers of our stock throughout the upcoming year.  
And lastly, of the diagram on Slide 12, I believe, does a great job of summarizing what we've created here at Devon. We've assembled a high-quality asset portfolio and a team that is working incredibly hard to deliver on our commitment to expand margins and deliver growth and free cash flow, accelerate our cash returns with our market-leading dividend payout, enhanced per share growth with opportunistic buybacks and take consistent and meaningful steps to further enhance our financial strength.  
While 2021 was a record year, we're only getting started. At Devon, we have the right mix of assets, proven management, the right team and a shareholder business -- a shareholder-friendly business model, designed to continue to lead the energy industry and capital disciplines and cash returns.  
And with that, I'll now turn to Clay for the call to continue and provide an overview of our recent operational results and upcoming capital plan. Clay?

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. In summary, 2021 was a banner year for Devon. We delivered on exactly everything we promised and then some. Now as we shift our focus to the upcoming year, I want to be clear that there is no change to our cash return playbook. It will be more of the same. We will be relentlessly focused on delivering high returns on capital employed, margin expansion, accelerating free cash flow growth and returning excess cash to shareholders. 
Our talented team here at Devon takes great pride in leading the industry in this disciplined operating framework. And when coupled with the development and deployment of new technologies, simply put, we are very energized and ready to roll in 2022. I sincerely hope you can now appreciate how we've delivered on the vision that Dave Hager and I, along with our respective teams, had when we announced our merger in September of 2020. We wanted to create something truly special, and we feel that we've done just that. 
I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Thank you, Neil.

Yes, Arun -- yes, Neil, sorry, that's a good question. When I think about the Permian, you are seeing continued growth there. I think most of the growth right now has been driven by many of the private operators. And recently, you saw Exxon and Chevron talk about ramping some volumes up. I believe they're probably going to be working down their DUC inventory to some degree. But they've not invested as much as they traditionally had out over the 2 or 3 prior years. 
So I do think you're going to continue to see growth in the Permian. I don't think it's unhealthy. I don't think it's out of -- it probably is going to be the only place in the U.S. you truly even see much growth, to be honest with you, is the way I think we're looking at it. 
As far as the lack of clarity around Iran, I think that's a good point you make. It's one of the reasons I believe that the market continues to be backwardated. If you look at the curve, it is such steep backwardation. And that's the thing that -- I'll just say, we really look at a lot is when you start thinking about activity down the road. So that's why we've been so focused on remaining very, very disciplined, keeping our budgeted volumes flat, operating in a maintenance capital standpoint. I think that's the right answer until we get some real clear indication that's otherwise. 
So Clay, you may add anything to that?

Well, that's always an interesting question. And today, once again, I'll go back to the curve. If you're a seller, I mean, you're wanting to sell at today's prices. If you're a buyer, you have to honor that curve. And that's -- it's kind of an interesting time. So that's why as we talked here among this management team and with our Board, we felt like the clear thing for us to do is to double down on our share repurchases as we think about assets that might be out in the market, gosh, we just don't see anything. It really competes with what we have. And so that's why we've doubled down on it. 
So I don't know how to answer that question, Neil. It's -- if you're a seller right now, it could be a nice time to be selling if you can find someone that will honor today's commodity price and are truly convinced that we're going to see crude continue to go up even further. There are people certainly predicting that, but that's not what the curve is illustrating today.

Well, that's a good question. I think, Nitin, what I would just point to is, and I tried to articulate this pretty routinely is we do put a lot of faith into the shape of the curve. And sometimes you can debate where the absolute points on the curve are. But when you see such a steep backwardation and you start thinking about trying to add activity by the time you bring to barrels on, I mean, let's face it, it would -- it's going to be a while down the road. So we think, for us, the 5% that we laid out at the time of the announcement of the merger is still -- that still holds. That's the max. And we really -- to be honest with you, there's so much uncertainty probably as you look out in the outer years. I think for us, we'll stick to our knitting and maintain that max, that 5% growth.

Yes. And Nitin, can I -- if I can, let me just add one thing. I want to make sure that everyone on the call understands, we are growing. When you start talking about the free cash flow per share growth, we talked about 70% growth. And you just need to let that soak in for a few moments on of this year over next year. So it's -- that's where we're going to focus on our growth, to be honest with you.