Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. For Devon, 2019 can best be defined as a year of exceptional execution and differentiating performance across every aspect of our business. 
As you can see on Slide 5 of our operations report, a critical accomplishment during the year was our timely and tax-efficient transformation to a U.S. oil business. Even with the challenging market conditions, we successfully completed our portfolio simplification objectives in only 10 months, and we're able to exit noncore assets at highly accretive valuations. Furthermore, by sharpening our focus on Devon's world-class U.S. oil assets, we delivered a step change improvement in corporate level rates of return, achieved enhanced capital efficiencies, expanded our margins, reduced leverage and returned industry-leading amounts of capital to shareholders. All in all, it was a great year. But let me be clear, we are just getting started, and the investment case for Devon has never been stronger. 
Looking ahead to 2020, our strategic framework for success and disciplined capital priorities remain unchanged. These priorities are outlined on Slide 10 of our operations report. 
As always, Devon's top priorities will be to fund the maintenance capital requirements of our business and the quarterly dividend. Once these objectives are met, next step in our capital allocation process is to selectively deploy capital to high-return projects that will efficiently expand the cash flow of our business. Importantly, our 2020 plan meets all of these capital allocation priorities at low breakeven funding levels, even after accounting for the recent weaknesses in gas and NGL strip pricing. Should this volatility drive prices higher, we will remain disciplined, and the benefits of any pricing windfall above our conservative base planning scenario will manifest itself in higher levels of free cash flow for shareholders, not higher capital spending. Conversely, should we see price volatility to the downside, we've designed our operating plan to have the flexibility and agility to reassess the capital program and react to any structural changes in the macro environment. 
Now let's run through some of the specifics of our 2020 operating plan, which you can see on Slide 11. The key takeaway from this slide is that due to capital efficiencies, we are lowering the top end of our upstream capital guidance in 2020 by $50 million to a range of $1.7 billion to $1.85 billion. 
Furthermore, the impact of this investment program in 2020 is expected to be enhanced by a reallocation of capital from the STACK, a liquids-rich combo play, to the Delaware, the top oil play in all of North America. This shift in capital allocation will increase spending in the Delaware Basin by approximately 15% year-over-year, and Delaware will now account for approximately 60% of total capital investment for the year. 
Another important distinction of our 2020 program is that the reallocation of capital to the Delaware Basin will be deployed exclusively towards accelerating Wolfcamp development activity. This is significant because our Wolfcamp activity exhibited the most substantial capital efficiency improvement of any opportunity in our portfolio in the back half of 2019. With this increased capital allocation, the Wolfcamp will now account for 2/3 of our Delaware activity, providing a visible capital efficiency tailwind that will accrue to our benefit throughout 2020 and carry forward into 2021 as well. 
While the 2020 capital program is concentrated in the Delaware Basin, I would be remiss not to mention the exciting catalyst-rich program we have planned for the Powder River Basin. With the appraisal success we achieved in the Niobrara in 2019, we plan to double our activity levels in this emerging resource play over the upcoming year. A key objective of the Niobrara program in 2020 is to derisk and to prepare a portion of our 200,000 net acres for full development by early next year. 
And lastly, with our Eagle Ford and STACK assets, it will be business as usual, with the operating team laser-focused on executing on their capital programs efficiently, managing base production and maximizing free cash flow for the company. 
Turning your attention to Slide 12. Based on the strong operational momentum of our business, we are raising Devon's per share growth outlook for 2020. Not surprisingly, this improved outlook is underpinned by the outstanding well performance we are experiencing in the Delaware Basin. As a result, we are now increasing the lower end of our oil growth outlook by 50 basis points to a range of 7.5% to 9% compared to 2019. And to reiterate, this higher growth rate is matched with lower capital spending expectations as well. 
To maximize the value of this production, we have aggressively acted over the past year to materially improve our corporate cost structure. The success of this ongoing initiative is evidenced by Devon's G&A costs projected to be reduced by 25% year-over-year. 
And lastly, while Jeff will speak to this later in the call, the per share impact of this improved 2020 outlook will be further magnified by our new $1 billion share repurchase program and yesterday's announcement to increase the quarterly dividend by 22%. 
Moving to Slide 13. While 2020 is setting out to be a great year for Devon, another critical message I want to convey is that the differentiated operating performance achieved in 2019 is sustainable longer term. At Devon, we absolutely have the right personnel, financial strength and inventory depth to deliver both attractive growth rates and increased amounts of free cash flow in 2021 and beyond. 
While it is too early to provide official guidance for 2021, our thoughtful and pragmatic approach to the business will remain the same. Our Delaware-centric capital program will remain focused on steady activity levels that deliver the right balance between returns, capital efficiencies, growth rates and free cash flow. With this disciplined financial framework, we believe investors can directionally expect a mid- to high single-digit oil growth rate in 2021 for a relatively stable amount of capital investment. 
A noteworthy driver of this preliminary outlook is the positive rate of change we expect to realize from our transition to higher Wolfcamp development activity. Looking beyond the next few years, given the quality of our inventory, I believe, a sustainable long-term oil growth rate in the mid-single-digit range feels an appropriate rate to expand our business while generating increasing amounts of free cash flow that can effectively compete with any sector in the market. 
Slide 14 showcases the free cash flow our business can deliver through 2021. As you can see in the gray box at the top of the slide, Devon's improved operating outlook lowers a breakeven funding level of our operating plan in 2020 and 2021 from our previous disclosure last November. The combination of higher oil growth rate and improved cost structure and a stronger hedge book now allow us to fully fund our capital program at $46.50 WTI and $2 Henry Hub pricing and Mont Belvieu realizations of less than 30% of WTI. 
While we are pleased with these improvements in breakeven funding, which meaningfully improves our position on the U.S. cost curve, we are not stopping here. To be successful in this unforgiving environment, you must roll up your sleeves, get your hands dirty and, on a daily basis, look for ways to reduce costs by controlling the controllables. And at Devon, that is exactly what we're focused on. 
So in summary, Devon's multi-basin oil business is built to last, and our disciplined capital plans are designed to deliver compelling amounts of free cash flow and an attractive growth in our per share metrics for the foreseeable future. 
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to review our financial strategy and detail how we plan to allocate the excess cash flow from our business.

Sure, Arun. Yes, first off, we are very comfortable with the capital allocation we have, and frankly, the shift of capital from the STACK to the Delaware is the primary reason that you're going to see the growth that we have described in 2021 in general terms, why that is sustainable over a longer period of time. Because if you think about it conceptually, it takes 9 to 12 months for first production to come from capital. And so really, for the most part, the capital that we're spending in 2020 where we've shifted some of that capital to the Delaware is being reflected in 2021 production results, which is driving that oil growth rate. And that is sustainable for many, many years with the deep inventory of opportunities that we have in the Delaware Basin. So that's fundamentally why we're going to see the kind of growth rates that we're describing here for a long time. 
Now given that, that we are comfortable and we are driving higher capital efficiencies internally. We're driving higher levels of cash flow and focused on returning that value to shareholders through increased capital efficiencies and the higher cash flow that we're generating, we have no need to do an acquisition. Now are we looking at opportunities? Absolutely. That -- we are in the deal flow. We're always going to be in a deal flow. We think that's part of our job. But we are going to be incredibly disciplined around any decision regarding that because of the strength of our internal portfolio that we have and the confidence that we have that we're going to be able to continue to drive higher cash flow through the oil growth and increased capital efficiencies.

Yes. Thanks, Doug. Well, frankly, we have the inventory slide in our corporate deck, I think everything up until this presentation. There's no big news. We just had a lot of other information we wanted to cover on in this operations report. So we didn't have it in there, but there's -- and David Harris can give you a little bit more detail on this, but we have a very deep inventory in the Delaware Basin that is going to compete for capital for many, many years. And that's going to be the underpinning of the growth in the company. 
Now when we say we have that kind of inventory, we are obviously thinking about issues such as what is the right spacing, parent-child relationships, et cetera. That's all incorporated in that. Now I think you may in the future -- and we're constantly refreshing this, our feelings on this, you may see at some point that the actual number of locations may change but that's because we're driving to longer and longer laterals all the time, and so it may take less wells to deliver the same resource, but -- which is, again, part of the capital efficiency drive that we're on as a company. But the resource is really not -- I don't think is going to be changing significantly. So David, do you want to add any -- beyond that?

Doug, I guess, what we're trying to say here is we look at a combination of returns, growth and free cash flow generation and try to optimize at a level that is the best for all 3 of those metrics. And so it's not an absolute one or the other. It's an interactive look at those variables and see what we think makes the most sense overall.

Well,  the first -- yes, and again, the most important thing to think about on this is what I said earlier in response to, I think, Doug's question, is that we have a great game plan internally to start with. So we feel no need to do any inorganic-type activity at all. Now as I said, we are in a deal flow, but we're going to be extremely disciplined. Frankly, we're in a deal flow for a couple other publics that transacted recently, including the -- or a couple of deals, including the Felix deal that transacted recently. So we're there and we understand what's going on overall. But to give you some idea for the criteria that we look at for any sort of M&A activity. We wanted to, first off, to be accretive to our financial metrics on a per-share basis. Second, it also has to fit strategically within the framework of our asset portfolio. So that it an area, frankly, where we can realize some sort of synergies beyond what are -- the way that is being executed right now, whether that be G&A synergies, LOE synergies or capital efficiency synergies -- do we feel that we have a better way to develop these assets than are currently being developed. And then it have to compete for capital allocation within our portfolio as well. So those are some of the highest, I'll say -- probably also one you might add would be margin expansion. Obviously, we're looking for ways that we can expand our margins overall as a company and, again, are there ways that we can reduce the cost overall of the combined entities. So that's overall the type criteria that we look at. Again, it's -- we're going to be -- remain extremely disciplined around these because we think we absolutely have a strong strategy as it is. We have a strong asset base, and we have the right people internally to execute on that -- these opportunities. And so we'll see if anything comes along to fit those criteria or not, but if it's -- if it doesn't, that's fine because we feel very confident in our strategy.

You've seen the changes in the Wolfcamp as an idea of how much we've been able to drive down drilling costs and completion costs once we go into full development mode, and  we haven't done any of that yet in the Niobrara. And so at this point, it's just really appraisal mode. So I don't know if the numbers are going to be identical to that or not, but I -- there is definitely -- teams have internal goals, I can tell you, that are pretty aggressive around cost reduction that they can achieve. Once we get into full development mode and great confidence, we're going to be able to do that. But right now, the focus has been, as David said, more on the appraisal and understanding the resource. But once we get into the development mode, then things can change pretty quickly.

Probably not a significant shift. We'd just be able to do more activity much more efficiently, but not a significant overall shift in the capital allocation.

Well, we have a great relationship with Dow. And we started the relationship in the Barnett, actually, with them with a similar type deal. This is a little bit larger deal. And so -- and we think this is going to work very well. And so there may be potential for Dow somewhere else. There's also -- we're looking at some opportunities around OBO capital that are not going to fit our return criteria, whether there's opportunities to bring in a partner for some of those opportunities rather than just go nonconsent on those wells, but actually have someone else come in and execute a program associated with that. So that's -- that is another tight deal that we're out there working on right now. There's a possibility in the future. And I'm not talking about with Dow at this point, but it could be with other partners.

Well, I'll just start off saying we want to have a dividend, and Jeff's outlined the 5% to 10% of cash from operations. We don't want to have a dividend that is sustainable and can grow through time. And so we are -- I think a measured approach there. We have about a 2% yield right now, I think, where we're currently trading. But it's something that should be sustainable and grow through time. Jeff can go through the numbers, the cash we have and the cash we're going to be bringing in and why we feel we can continue to be aggressive on that side. We've set out our capital program. Again, we optimized that capital program already on the basis of a -- how we think about our -- the returns on the program, the capital efficiency this generated, the growth rate that we feel is appropriate and the free cash flow that, that would generate. So that's essentially established. So then you go back to the free cash flow that we -- or the cash that we have as a company. And bottom line, we have the cash. Jeff can go through that, and we think we're significantly undervalued. So it's a great investment opportunity.

Well, it's something that we're certainly aware of and we follow, but we feel that we have a good plan and can adjust as appropriate. And I don't want to get into all the various legal arguments so -- on what could or could not take place. We've -- I can tell you we've studied it pretty extensively. And we think, from a practical standpoint, the most likely thing that could happen would be a slowdown in the permitting process with the BLM. And in preparation for that, we are building an inventory of permits. The permits, just so you know, on federal land are actually 2-year permits and then you can apply for a 2-year extension on the permits. That's the max that anybody can get. And so we're building up our permit inventory if that eventuality would take place. Under the Obama administration, it took about 18 months or so to get a permit. Under the Trump administration, it's more like 6 months to get a permit, and so we're preparing for that. But again, that's one of the advantages of also having a multi-basin portfolio, too, is that we can reallocate capital away from federal lands. But in the meantime, we're growing up the inventory if the permitting process does slow down. And again, I know there's talk of other things that are more dramatic than that. And we don't have time to get into all that from a legal discussion here on the call, but I think we've looked at a lot of those issues. And this is what we think is, by far, the most likely scenario that we should prepare for.

Yes. And first off, Charles, if you look at Slide 18, you'll show -- we showed the drilling and completion costs. For the Wolfcamp wells, we had $880 per foot. I think that compares extremely well against what some other people are talking about, probably even today. And that's, again, just the Wolfcamp. And if we looked at our entire well mix, it would -- of the Delaware Basin, it'd be even a much lower dollar per foot. And so just keep that in mind when you hear some other numbers out there that -- about the -- on the efficiency side. On the productivity side, I think we're finding -- and we've learned a lot about the Wolfcamp. I'll tell you who can probably get a little bit more detail. David, why don't you run with it here? I got a few ideas, but I think you probably have better ones than I do. So take it off.