Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning, and we appreciate everyone taking the time to join us today. 
For Devon, the third quarter was another high-quality performance that demonstrated the flexibility of our strategy to create value in multiple ways. The team's disciplined execution of our operating plan, advanced earnings and cash flow by healthy double-digit rates on a year-over-year basis. Free cash flow was bouldered by capital efficiencies and effective supply chain management that drove capital spending below forecast. We rewarded shareholders with cash returns in the form of both dividends and buybacks that increased by nearly double over the past year. 
And we strengthened our asset portfolio by closing on 2 highly accretive bolt-on transactions that add to our ability to deliver sustainable long-term results. All in all, another great quarter of executing on our disciplined strategy. 
For my remaining comments today, I want to focus on the strategic moves we've taken recently to improve our business and the positive impact these actions have on our fourth quarter and our 2023 outlook. 
Turning to Slide 4. We have worked hard through the years to assemble an asset portfolio that resides in the very best positioned plays on the U.S. cost curve. Being a low-cost producer with quality inventory is critical to our long-term success. And over the past few months, we've taken steps to opportunistically improve our asset portfolio. 
These bolt-on acquisitions were underpinned by exceptionally strong industrial logic that advance both the financial and operational tenets of our strategic plan. First and foremost, from a financial perspective, the transactions represent a value-oriented consolidation of resource in the economic core of these respective basins, resulting in immediate financial accretion. 
The acquired assets were funded entirely from cash on hand and purchased at levels as low as 2x cash flow and possess free cash flow yields ranging up to 30% at strip pricing. Furthermore, the addition of this incremental wedge of free cash flow also allows us to accelerate the return of cash to our shareholders through higher dividends and positions us to further compound per share growth through our ongoing stock buyback program. 
From an operations standpoint, these transactions fit like a glove within our existing asset portfolio and provide us improved economies of scale in the core of these respective plays. The direct adjacency of the acquired acreage also offers strong operational synergies and provides a meaningful runway of high-quality inventory that immediately competes for capital within our portfolio. Importantly, this resource capture allows us to sustain a high-margin production from these assets for many years to come and does not require us to accelerate drilling activity across other parts of the portfolio to maintain our overall productive capacity. Altogether, I could not be more pleased with these tuck-in acquisitions as they successfully demonstrate another pathway that our business can create immediate value for shareholders. 
However, I do want to be clear that deals such as these that check every box are exceptionally rare. We will always look for smart ways to strengthen our portfolio, but you should be confident in our disciplined approach that focuses on quality assets, adjacency to our operations and immediate per share accretion. 
On Slide 5, in addition to enhancing our asset portfolio, we have also taken important steps to maximize realized pricing for our products. With our marketing strategy, we are focused on securing multiple low-cost transportation options in each basin we operate, with balanced exposure to domestic and international markets. By controlling firm capacity from the wellhead to the key demand centers, we've been able to steadily improve our price realization over the past few years. This progress is evidenced by the record oil realization we achieved in the third quarter that reached 101% of the WTI benchmark. 
A key contributor to the strong performance was the 20% equity interest in Pin Oak's oil export terminal that we've accumulated over the past year. This investment in Pin Oak provides us 90,000 barrels per day of export capacity in Corpus Christi, offering valuable access to premium Brent-linked pricing that led to an uplift of more than $3 per barrel on these exports. 
We've also taken steps to secure additional pricing diversification for our natural gas portfolio by recently entering an LNG export partnership with Delfin Midstream. Once again, this arrangement will provide us with 150,000 MMBtu per day of direct exposure to international gas pricing, such as the lucrative TTF or JKM markets. 
However, I want to be clear, this is a capital-light approach to attain LNG exposure and our investment in Delfin, which is spread over this year and next, is very minor and will have a negligible impact to our capital outlook. A final investment decision for Delfin's floating LNG vessel is expected to be made in the coming months, and we anticipate the facility will be operational within 4 years of this decision. 
Now turning to Slide 7, with the positive tailwinds that come from our accretive bolt-on acquisitions, Devon's upcoming fourth quarter is set to be a strong one. As you can see on the left, we are planning on delivering a high single-digit growth rate in production per share. Capital will be higher in the fourth quarter, but our disciplined reinvestment rates remains at very low levels. 
Approximately 2/3 of the increased capital spending compared to the previous quarter is driven by our recent bolt-on acquisitions. The remaining 1/3 of the increase is a combination of higher service costs as contracts refresh a bit more operated activity than previously planned helps our operational flexibility as we head into 2023. And we have seen an uptick in nonoperated activity. Overall, it will be another great quarter for us as we expect to deliver free cash flow growth of more than 25% on a year-over-year basis. 
At today's pricing, this outlook translates into a compelling free cash flow yield of 11% or nearly 3x what the S&P 500 Index offers investors. With this excess cash flow, there is no change to our cash return playbook, it will be more of the same. 
As you can see on Slides 9 and 10, and we will continue to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders through our market-leading dividend, which is one of the top yielding equities in the S&P 500 and we remain active buyers of our stock when the market presents us opportunities. 
This operational and financial momentum will also carry into 2023. I will hold off on detailed line item guidance today since we're still integrating the recent acquisitions of RimRock and Validus into our capital allocation process. However, I can confidently say that our Delaware asset will continue to be the focal point of our capital program, and we're focused on designing a plan with consistent activity levels that delivers the right balance between returns, capital efficiencies and free cash flow. 
With the benefit of acquisitions, we do expect to grow production in 2023. However, compared to fourth quarter exit rates, our volumes in the upcoming year are likely to be in the bottom half of our targeted growth range of 0% to 5%. The capital activity levels required to sustain production at these levels will be similar to the program we're deploying in the fourth quarter of this year. 
Although we could pull back on less efficient rigs when considering the incremental activity we've recently added in the Delaware, we still expect to experience some additional upward pressure on costs as contracts refresh, especially in the second half of the year, but price discovery is still ongoing and very sensitive to industry activity levels and commodity pricing. We will provide official guidance in February, but I'm confident that 2023 is going to be another great year for Devon as we are well positioned to generate substantial free cash flow and execute on all facets of our cash return model. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights.

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. 
We have covered a lot of good information today, but I would like to close with this key message, and that is that the team here at Devon is delivering on exactly what we promised to do. This is so foundational to our strategy. Our consistency has developed a strong trust for our brand with internal and external stakeholders, how? we prioritized building a can-do culture and taking care of our people, including the contractors who work for us. We prioritized for share value creation over the pursuit of volumes. And we have rewarded shareholders with market-leading cash returns. 
We've also demonstrated time and again our technical capabilities and operational expertise against all -- across all 5 of our operating areas by consistently delivering top-tier well productivity and capital efficiencies. Furthermore, I believe we've continued to lead and differentiate from peers by establishing a logical, accretive track record of consolidation. The resource assessment successes that Clay referred to with our lower Wolfcamp in the Delaware Basin and the Niobrara and the Powder River Basin are establishing new sources of supply and inventory. We look forward to sharing additional resource assessment successes in the future. 
Finally, we've continued to take important steps to enhance our business through our marketing and infrastructure strategies that have positioned us to achieve very attractive price realizations across the portfolio and stay ahead of any regional bottlenecks. Overall, it's been another great year for us, but the best is yet to come for Devon. We are focused on closing out the year with strength and are preparing to build upon this positive momentum into 2023. 
I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. Scott?

You bet, Arun, that's spot on. That's exactly what we're saying. That's correct. That's the assumption you should make. You bet. .

Yes, that's a good question. For us, I think the plan that we've been implementing over, I'd say, in the last 18 months is about what you ought to expect from us in the future. We may have some minor tweaks, Arun, but we feel really good. When you're a multi-basin operator as we talked earlier, we're still doing in a couple of our basins, quite a bit of resource assessment, testing new zones, new intervals, things like that. We'll continue to do that. But as far as the operating scheme, I don't know that you'll see a lot of change from what we've been employing over the last couple of years. Clay, you want to add anything to that?

Neil, that's another good question. From our perspective, I think you've heard us be very consistent with our messaging that we will always be opportunistic on transactions that could strengthen our company. We want to make sure that we do deliver the accretion. We're not waving arms, but we -- actually, it shows up in our income statement over time. And to the point that you made, if it could deepen some inventory? that really is very critical. 
We're going to continue holding consolidation in, I think, an important part of our overall strategy. That being said, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, you don't always find those deals that check every box, and we're not going to overpay. We're going to be very disciplined. And these 2 transactions work quite well for us. And there could be others in the future, but we'll wait and see. But we're certainly proud of what we've done and have to give a tip of the hat to our team that brought these over the fence, and their great transactions and help us in a lot of ways.

Yes. I think I'm going to ask Clay to go into maybe some of the detail. But just as I said in our remarks, 2/3 of the increase of capital spending are a direct impact of these acquisitions where you had ongoing rig activity. We had 2 rigs running down the Eagle Ford on the Validus deal and a rig running in the Bakken on RimRock. So it comes with capital spend. And so that's a big part of it. And I think we broke it down into 3 other areas, for that other 1/3. But Clay, you may want to just share your perspective as well on the increase.