Thank you, Scott. It's good to be here this morning. We certainly appreciate everyone taking the time to join us today. It has now been nearly 4 months since the closing of the merger between Devon and WPX, creating a premier U.S. energy company that possesses a powerful suite of assets and a disciplined strategy to maximize value for our shareholders. With this advantaged platform, our merger integration efforts are complete and our go-forward team is highly energized and delivering on exactly what we promised.
We are executing on our maintenance capital program, capturing cost synergies, generating free cash flow and returning significant value to shareholders through higher dividends and the aggressive reduction of debt.
The progress we have made with each of these strategic objectives is evidenced in our quarterly results, and this is only just the beginning. It is going to be an excellent year for Devon as we continue to advance our strategic plan.
Turning your attention to Slide 3. With many investors possibly new to our story, I would like to review why Devon has the right business model to maximize value for our shareholders. To ensure that we are excellent stewards of your capital, any successful strategy in a commodity business must be grounded in supply and demand fundamentals. With fundamentals signaling maturing demand dynamics for our industry, we fully recognize the traditional E&P model of prioritizing only production growth is not the correct strategy going forward.
To optimize value creation in the next leg of the energy cycle, a company must deploy a financially driven model that prioritizes free cash flow generation over production growth. At Devon, this is exactly what we are doing.
We're limiting top line production growth from 0% to 5% in times of favorable conditions. We're pursuing margin expansion in earnings through scale and a leaner corporate cost structure. We're moderating reinvestment rates to levels substantially below that of cash flow. We're maintaining low levels of leverage to establish a greater margin of safety. And we're returning more cash to shareholders via our innovative fixed-plus-variable dividend policy.
Our talented team at Devon takes great pride that we are leading the industry with this disciplined operating framework. I personally feel it's time for industry to stop contemplating and talking about the possibilities of a cash return model and more quickly embrace this necessary change. High returns on capital employed, reduced reinvestment rates and free cash flow generation will determine the winners in this cycle, not the historic behavior of delivering outsized production growth.
Now jumping ahead to Slide 4, and as I touched on briefly in my opening remarks, we delivered on exactly what we promised we would do in the first quarter. Our disciplined plan, limited reinvestment rates to just over 60% of cash flow. We substantially expanded margins. And we continued to take steps to reduce our corporate cost. As you can see on the bar chart graph to the right, with the excess cash our business is generating, more than 65% of our capital allocation has been deployed toward dividends and debt reduction. This return of capital to shareholders is a clear differentiator for Devon. 
Looking specifically at the dividend, we were able to accelerate cash returns in the quarter through our innovative fixed-plus-variable dividend framework, which we implemented earlier this year. The initial benefits of this generous payout policy were evidenced in March, when the owners of our company received their first variable dividend in conjunction with our regular fixed dividend.
Based on first quarter results, our Board has approved another fixed-plus-variable dividend of $0.34 per share. This payout represents a 13% increase versus last quarter and is more than 3x that of the same period a year ago. This thoughtful and uniquely designed dividend framework is foundational to our capital allocation process, providing us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle.
In addition to the dividend, another way we returned value to shareholders was through our recent efforts to reduce debt and enhance our investment-grade financial strength. Since the closing of our merger, we have already retired $743 million of debt. With our actions year-to-date, we have executed on nearly half of our $1.5 billion authorized debt repurchase program. And we expect to reach our target of 1x net debt-to-EBITDA by year-end.
Jumping ahead to Slide 10. While first quarter production was limited due to severe winter weather, I want to be clear that our operations are scaled to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow. Specifically, in 2021, we are on track to deliver a highly attractive free cash flow yield at today's spot price. The free cash flow yield story gets even better if you look at us on an unhedged basis and assuming year-end run rates for cost synergies. 
This upside case is represented by the red line, showcasing a free cash flow yield in excess of 20% at today's pricing. With this powerful cash flow stream, I feel it is important to reiterate that we have no intention of allocating capital to growth projects until demand side fundamentals recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world markets.
On Slide 12, with our cash return business model building momentum, I want to highlight the unique value proposition that Devon offers from both a dividend and a growth perspective. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2021 at $60 WTI pricing, assuming a 50% variable dividend payout. As you can see on the slide, Devon's implied dividend yield is not only highly differentiated compared to peers but is vastly superior to virtually any other sector and asset class in the market today.
Importantly, Devon is more than just a yield play. We have a quality and depth of resource within our portfolio to deliver sustainable per share growth that will reward shareholders for many years to come.
The final topic I want to briefly touch on is ESG. With the integration of our operations progressing ahead of plan, in the very near future, we plan to issue more specific guidance on Devon's go-forward environmental priorities. This disclosure will include formal targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, methane intensity rates and our strategy to improve upon other key performance measures.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Clay, our Chief Operating Officer, to cover our recent operating highlights.

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I would like to close by reiterating this key message, and that is the integration of the 2 companies is complete and the team is delivering on exactly what we promised to do.
We have prioritized free cash flow over growth. We have identified and captured cost synergies above and beyond our plan. We have a free cash flow yield that compares favorably to virtually any other asset class in the entire market. We're rewarding shareholders with higher dividends. And we've taken some steps to aggressively reduce the debt.
Our team is focused and energized, and 2021 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon. This is just the beginning. Devon's future is very bright.
And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Yes. Arun, that's something we'll always be contemplating. But right now, we're really focused on 2021. And the second half of this year is really shaping up to be a quite strong second half. We going to have some great momentum going into 2022.
As far as the capital plan, we've not started working that yet. That will take place later throughout the year. So I think it's a little bit early. I know that investors are really interested in that. But I think suffice to say for us right now, we're really focused on having great momentum into 2022 and with a keen focus still to be on generating free cash flow and getting that back to shareholders.
I think the second part of your question is around maybe some consolidation that's gone on. You have seen quite a few transactions that have taken place over the last few months. I think we've been on record of saying we're -- we support that. I think it's something the industry needs to do.
But as far as Devon specifically, we've had a high bar. That bar just continues to go up. When you start looking at the organic opportunities we have in Lea and Eddy County, New Mexico and Loving County and Reeves County, Texas, you can just see that. Just in Inter Delaware, we have just a phenomenal amount of running room.
And so we just have to be thoughtful about that. And on top of that, we have our other assets that -- all are playing a very key role for us in the company and the go-forward plan. So that's kind of where we are today.

Yes. Doug, it's Rick. I'll just weigh in real quickly. I just think that I would give this team maybe another quarter, and you'll get a little more clarity around where that breakeven is. But I think your view is directionally correct. And we'll continue to tighten that up a little bit.

Yes. I think you're right on. I mean some of those numbers -- that's what the numbers definitely imply. We look at it the same way. So I think we align closely with you. I think as we think about 2022 and beyond, the key word for us, I think, is optionality.
There's no doubt we could have just almost a stunning yield coming from the company. And we'll just have to balance that with continuing to aggressively pay down some debt and strengthen the balance sheet. It's already in good shape. But I think the key word for me is optionality, and I think that's going to help.
I think we should look at it right now. But directionally, you were absolutely correct. The free cash flow yield at these kind of levels gives you the ability to pay a very, very substantial variable dividend.

Yes, it does. I think for us, we are absolutely spot on with the free cash flow generation being our #1 priority as you think about the future. As far as growth company is concerned, the framework we laid out when we announced this transaction back last September, I think, is still intact, and that is we see -- up to 5% growth is probably -- as we think about different sensitivities, that still is where we land.
So 5% growth at a -- as you're approaching 300,000 barrels of oil a day, that's not insignificant growth. And so if you think about the corresponding cash flow that comes from that, it's something that we'll just have to contemplate. But optionality is a great thing to have.

Jeanine, I see it -- David Harris is here with me. I may have David weigh in as well. But the way I see it is financial accretion is absolutely critical.
So it's really the latter of your 2 directions. For us, there's -- we do have just a wonderful inventory. We're executing very well. We do see some opportunities to improve not only cost structure but overall EURs throughout our asset base.
And so we have a high bar. I don't know how else to put it. And we're going to be very, very disciplined. That's not going to change. And I know that there's a lot of talk out there.
But Dave, do you want to weigh in any way you see things differently?

Well, I think, Jeff -- Dave touched on that briefly. But I think the Board will be thoughtful and will be disciplined but also open-minded. If that's the right thing to do and that's what we're seeing and hearing feedback from our shareholders, then that's the thing to do. We'll certainly look at that.
Jeff, I mean you want to weigh in?

Thank you, Dave.

I think it's -- that's a question, I think, is spot on and very timely. And I want to kick it off and let Jeff close it out. But a little -- if you look in the rearview mirror, obviously, 12, 14 months ago, it was a much more stark picture with the commodity tape when you're considering the pandemic.
So I think a lot of companies such as ourselves, both legacy companies actually weighed in. We had to play some defense, quite honestly. And so we ended up with some hedges that if you looked in rearview mirror, you're leaving some money on the table, so to speak. But it was the right thing to do, we think, at that time and kept confidence with the investment community and protected cash flows, those sorts of things. 
As we look forward, obviously, it's a new world where you have much the scale that we now have. As we talked about approaching 300,000 barrels of oil a day, the balance sheet shrink, all those things, we are taking a different view than what we have in the past. I think historically, both legacy companies typically like to be in that plus or minus 50% hedged level.
And time to time, it may be above that or below that to pin on the outlook, but it's where we've been thus far. But I think now it's -- with the cash flows, the balance sheet, it's a little bit of a different story, so. Jeff, what would you add to that?

No, that's a good question. And I think right now, as we've said, we're in year 1 of the integration. Every one of the assets that we have are playing a role with the free cash flow generation focus that we have. And so -- and I think Clay even talked about it. There are some things that we're doing in the Anadarko that -- or tests that could really change your minds on some of these assets and make some great returns right now with the JV that we have with Dow Chemical.
So it's something we'll always look at, Nitin, but we feel really good with our portfolio. We feel really good with our free cash flow generation and balance sheet. And we want to be really thoughtful if we need to do additional, I'd say, portfolio optimization.

Yes. I'm going to let Clay handle that one.

Yes. Paul, this is Rick. I may add, one of the things that our exposure in Lea and Eddy County -- those are federal units. And sometimes with federal units, you don't have internal hard lines. So it really sets you up nicely to drill the 3-mile lateral. So that's something that -- it's still too early for us to talk about 2022 and beyond plans. But I would say our land position is really conducive to -- in some areas to do just that.

Well, I think the consolidation -- the trend has been a little -- it's really been a little hard to draw a straight line through it. We've seen -- I'll just go back to last September. You saw 3 really attractive transactions happen back to back to back, and then it was pretty quiet. And since that time, most of the transactions have been asset-level deals and I'd say in that $200 million to $800 million range, a few -- the few of those that have been done.
But it's hard to have a trend. I think that as far as consolidation, you'll probably see it continue to some degree. And I think it's -- as we've long said, it's probably a healthy thing for our industry, but it depends on which one of our peers we talk to.

Well, I think, number one, you see up in the Bakken, it's a great basin to operate in, and that's why you've seen the activity. And you've actually seen some pretty competitive transactions recently. So I think it just shows the value of the asset that we have up there.
We've got a great team. And as we've always said, the margins up there and the leverage you get from an improving crude oil price really drive home cash flows. And we're seeing that day in, day out.
So it is an area. We've been very open on that, Neal, to your question. It does not have the inventory that some of our other basins do, but it is playing a very, very important role right now. And it's cranking out a lot of cash for us. So I think we need to keep it.
I think the -- and the Powder is almost the inverse of that. We have the opportunity to be very thoughtful. We have a great position there. It's very high oil cut. We don't have to rush. We can be very thoughtful, very strategic about that asset. And we're encouraged with some of the things we're seeing there.
And I think you're going to see more activity up there from a few of the other operators. And so we'll learn from them as well. And in the meantime, we'll keep pounding the very high-return, low-risk opportunities that we have in our portfolio.
So I'd say right now, it's the summary of those comments are full steam ahead of that with the portfolio we have, and we're excited about it. And as we've said, it's all about generating free cash right now.

It is.

Yes. I think your questions are fine. But I think it just simply -- it's kind of just too early.

Yes. I'd just say we'll probably just stick with our capital spend. It's on track, and it's looking good. We're seeing great results. And we don't see anything at this point in time to alter our plan.

Well, I think that's something that you'll be talking about maybe down the road. Right now, our Board has spent a lot of time just focusing on what we've talked about today, and that is positioning the company to be the leader that we are in the dividend framework that we have.
And so I think our Board is very pleased. We'll watch how the equity performs. We're very bullish on our equity, and we think we're going to get rewarded for this. We certainly hope so. And so that's what our Board has been focused on. We'll have plenty of time to talk about the outer years in the next few quarters. But right now, we're in a good spot.