Thank you, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter was absolutely an outstanding one for New Devon. As we revealed the last [ quarter ], we are transforming Devon to a U.S. oil growth company, allowing us to focus on our world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. With this formidable U.S. oil portfolio, we have multi-decade inventory that will drive sustainable high-margin growth for the foreseeable future. 
While our U.S. oil assets have many advantaged characteristics, we are not finished improving our business and we are acting with a sense of urgency to materially improve our entire cost structure. This focus on operational excellence positions New Devon to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow at today's pricing and allows us to further deliver value to our shareholders with increasing amounts of cash returns. 
And on Slide 3, from almost every perspective, the first quarter can be defined as one of outperformance for the New Devon. Light oil production exceeded guidance by a wide margin. Improvements in our corporate and operating cost structure are trending ahead of plan, and our capital efficiency for the quarter was very strong. All in all, we are executing at a very high level on the objectives underpinning our strategic plan. 
And as you can see on Slide 4, based on the strength of the first quarter results from our U.S. assets, we are now raising our outlook for oil production growth to 17% in 2019. This represents a 200 basis point improvement compared to our original budget expectations heading into the year. And if well productivity from our development program continues to outperform expectations, there is certainly additional upside to our growth rates in 2019. 
Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production growth within the confines of our original capital budget of $1.8 billion to $2 billion, and this view is backstopped by our strong capital efficiency in Q1. Tony will cover in more depth later in this -- in more depth later in the call, but this improved oil production outlook is driven by the prolific well results we are delivering in the Delaware Basin. 
Moving to Slide 5, as I touched on in my opening remarks, the asset quality of New Devon ranks among the very best in the U.S. upstream space and we are actively working to further optimize the profitability of our business. A key area of emphasis is the aggressive reshaping of our organization with a singular focus on supporting our U.S. oil portfolio in the most cost-efficient manner possible. 
As you can see on the chart to the left, we expect our U.S. oil business to achieve at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings by 2021 versus our 2018 baseline. Our cost-reduction plan includes a range of actions to achieve more efficient field-level operations, lower drilling and completion costs and better alignment of personnel with a go-forward business. 
Turning your attention to right-hand side of the slide. With our strong cost performance year to date, we are now on track to deliver more than 70% of our targeted $780 million in annual cost savings by year-end. The most significant contributor to our cost-cutting performance is the substantial progress we have made improving our G&A cost structure. This is clearly demonstrated by our first quarter G&A results, which improved 23% year-over-year and were below our guidance range for the quarter. 
Furthermore, with the steady cadence of successful cost reductions attained throughout the quarter, we now estimate that we've captured approximately $110 million of overhead savings on a run rate basis. This momentum is projected to reduce G&A by more than 10% in the second quarter, and with the planned exit of Canada and Barnett assets for our portfolio, we expect to attain more than $200 million of annualized G&A savings by year-end. 
Another key contributor to our cost reduction efforts is the capital efficiency we are realizing as our U.S. oil business transitions to full-field development. These efficiency gains were evident in the first quarter with capital spending that declined 15% year-over-year and was below the low end of our guidance range. Looking ahead, our U.S. oil business is well on its way to capturing $200 million or roughly 65% of our targeted D&C cost savings in 2019. 
Key drivers of this improved capital efficiency throughout the remainder of the year are improved cycle times associated with our Wolfcamp program and optimized infill spacing program in the STACK and the benefits of a dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin. 
And the last item I will touch on with this slide is our plan to reduce our go-forward interest expense. With our plan to exit Canada and the Barnett, we expect to use potential proceeds to retire up to $3 billion of debt, which will reduce our interest cost by about $130 million or roughly 45% annually. 
Turning to Slide 6. Our efforts to high-grade our portfolio are also progressing. As we discussed last quarter, with our U.S. oil assets reaching sufficient operating scale to deliver advantaged returns, sustainable long-term growth and free cash flow, the timing is now appropriate to exit our legacy positions in Canada and the Barnett Shale. 
In Canada, since the last time we spoke, we have made substantial progress advancing the exit of these assets from our portfolio. Data rooms have been open for some time, and we are having discussions with multiple parties regarding an outright sale at valuations consistent with our view of the intrinsic value of the asset. I am very encouraged by the nature of these discussions and we are well on our way to exiting Canada in a timely manner. 
With our Barnett Shale assets in North Texas, we are also advancing the sales process with data rooms opening in the second quarter. Overall, for both Canada and the Barnett, we remain on track to have these assets exit our portfolio by the end of 2019. 
Turning to Slide 7, my final key message is that we remain unwavering in our commitment to capital discipline and increasing cash returns to shareholders. As I have stated many times in the past, the benefits of any pricing windfall above our base planning scenario will simply manifest in higher levels of free cash flow for Devon, not higher capital activity. And given today's favorable market conditions, our business is generating considerable amount of free cash flow that will be returned to our shareholders. 
With this disciplined and shareholder-friendly approach to the business, we are on pace to reduce our outstanding share count by more than 25% by year-end and owners of our stock will also benefit from our recently raised dividend that is 50% higher than just a few years ago. 
So in summary, our go-forward asset base is delivering top-tier operating results, our cost reduction efforts are trending ahead of plan, our portfolio of transformation is on track to be completed by year-end and we are delivering on our promise to return cash to our shareholders. 
And with that, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer.

Well, in Canada, as we said, we are in discussions with multiple parties. We are having advanced discussions with them at a value that -- values we think are appropriate for the intrinsic value of the assets. I don't want to go into more detail than that, but we feel really good about those discussions we have. And we are optimistic that it's very likely that we could have a sale of those assets. We are of course in the background working in parallel the potential spend and all the steps that are necessary to do that. We view that as, at this point, probably more of a backup plan most likely, and so we are encouraged. I don't know if I want to put a percentage on it of everything, but we're very encouraged with where those discussions are. 
In regards to Barnett, we are -- have not yet opened a data room. It will be opened very soon. We have received a lot of inbound calls. It's not often when a quality asset such as this with a very large contiguous acreage position, with very low decline assets that, frankly, we've been able to enhance with some recent drilling and completion activity through our promoted interest that we're receiving through the Dow joint venture that we have to show the capability of what modern drilling and completion activities could do in the Barnett. It's not often you get an opportunity to bid on that type asset, and we think that people are seeing that. This has a unique compelling opportunity and so we've received a lot of phone calls already around that. And we're very confident once the data room's open, that we will be able to proceed in a timely manner and advance to a sale of that asset.

I think we, overall, characterized it to be about 70% well performance and 30% well timing, moving up the well timing of it. And -- but just to be clear on that, Scott, what we really did with our increase of 200 basis points to the 2019 oil guidance, we only took into account the actual results from Q1. We did not adjust up any future activities. And John just mentioned a couple of wells early on that are exceeding expectations. Of course, that is early and we feel good about the program. But we thought the most appropriate thing and perhaps a somewhat conservative thing right now is to just to adjust out for the Q1 activity and then see how we perform on the remainder of the activity and then make adjustments if appropriate then.

Well, let me just make one point very, very clear to start with, we will not be raising our capital guidance, period, end stop, okay? So we are executing very well on our program. We have -- we are really essentially just executing our program right now that we had planned to execute for 2019. We have executed it a little bit quicker so far. But I might turn it over to Wade Hutchings, our Senior Vice President of E&P who -- he can walk you through a little bit more of the details if you're curious. 
I mean the overall picture is that you add completion rigs occasionally during the year and rigs, and then when you need them on a spot basis, you back us out -- back them out at times. But that's all part of our original plan. And we are just executing on that plan and that's what we'll execute this year. And you can see by the great results on the capital efficiency in 2019 -- or the first quarter of 2019, we do -- we will not be raising capital guidance because of the results we're achieving. But I think Wade can give you a little more detail if you're interested on just kind of the ins and outs of the activity.

Doug, Wade Hutchings is going to address that.

Well, Doug, I'm going to have Tony or John address this in a little bit more detail. But I think the first thing to know that we've said before about where we are in the Delaware program is we spent the bulk of 2016 and '17 and the first part of '18 really appraising what were the best zones to develop in different parts of the acreage position in the Delaware. And then as we started moving through the last part of 2018, and now in 2019 and for many years here to come, we are now -- have a much better understanding of which are the best zones to develop and which areas, and so we are really drilling the best zones. And you're seeing the results of that, and that's with the uptick in performance in the Delaware. 
And the most important thing is this is a sustainable increase, that we're going to have this rate of change that we saw moving into 2019 as sustainable for many years in the future. I think John is going to tell you is there -- we're still continuing to do some appraisal work out there and we're finding some zones that are working in areas that we had not anticipated before. So we feel really good about that 2,000 well inventory. But I think there's potential as we do more work to have that this go somewhat higher. I think John can give you a little bit more feel on that. So John, you want to...

Yes. I'd say probably going to keep it at least flat as we add more inventory through this additional appraisal work.

We're testing the Turner right now, and we're probably seeing something more appropriate. The 3 wells per section is going to be what we land on there in the Turner. I'm going to turn the call over to Aaron Ketter who's head of our Rocky Mountain business unit.

Well, we're very encouraged with the working relationship that we have with BP. It's been a great relationship so far, a great exchange of technical views on the asset. And as a result, we think that we are -- our view of the asset, frankly, has improved and we see a good -- a growing inventory out there. Obviously, it's -- in addition to that, it's a high-margin asset with a Gulf Coast type pricing plus that you get for the asset and generate significant free cash flow. So we're extremely pleased to have that as part of our inventory for the New Devon company.

I may just start off. I think we view the STACK as really one of our flex assets that we have. We're going to maintain capital discipline as a company and it's going to be a significant free cash flow generator for the company. But it's one of the assets, given the success we're having in the Delaware, the growth we're seeing with the opportunities we have in the Rockies, the program that we've lined out with BP in the Eagle Ford, this is one asset that we have the ability to really flex the rig count up and down while generating significant free cash flow. So having said that, Wade may be able to walk you through a little bit more of the operational milestones we're looking for over the next year or so.

No, nothing has really changed with that. Well, I think the only reason we dropped that off is that we have already laid out that plan that we plan to execute with the New Devon and we are committed to staying with that plan that we've already laid out. So I wouldn't say that, operationally, there is any change at all. It's just that from a -- I guess that slide's standpoint, we've already communicated what the plan is. People understand what the plan is. We have no plans to change that, and we are going to be very disciplined from a capital standpoint and focus on the high-return areas in our New Devon. So really, the optionality is not around changing that plan, the optionality is around the other -- everything else that we've laid out there. But there's no -- I would not look at it as any sort of strategic change at all.

Yes. And I'll let Wade walk through the details of that of where we see it.

We don't think so. There are obviously a lot of variables that are going on. But the companies that we're talking to are long-term players there. They're sophisticated players. They understand all the variables that are sitting out there. Obviously, prices have improved somewhat. Differentials have improved in the shorter term. While longer term, it looks like the differentials are trending more towards rail economics. These guys all understand all these variables quite well. And I wouldn't isolate any one variable in here as being really the most important in order to move forward with this.

That's entirely fair, David. We are not signaling anything. We're just saying that the first $3 billion of proceeds from the sale of the Canada and Barnett will go to debt reduction, and that's what we've said. Before we began the process, that's what we're saying today. So there's no signaling at all going on.