Thank you, and good morning, everyone. For today's call, my comments will touch on 3 key messages related to the strategic direction of Devon. 
Turning to Slide 2. The first key message I want to emphasize is our commitment to our disciplined multiyear development plans. At Devon, we fundamentally believe that a steadier and more measured investment program through all cycles is the correct strategy to optimize corporate-level returns, grow our business, generate free cash flow and reward our shareholders with increasing amounts of cash returns. With this disciplined approach to the business, the benefits of any pricing windfall above our base plan will simply manifest in higher levels of free cash flow for Devon, not higher capital activity. I am absolutely convinced this balanced operating model is the future of the E&P business, and we will be a leader in this movement. 
Importantly, this bold commentary is backstopped by actions which has resulted in several value-enhancement accomplishments year-to-date. Our light oil growth is running ahead of plan with no modifications to our capital spending. This combination is a unique success in the E&P space this year. We have taken action to materially improve our corporate cost structure, delivering $475 million of savings on an annualized basis. 
Our capital discipline has resulted in free cash flow in the second half of 2018, and coupled with divest proceeds, we have generated nearly $4 billion of excess cash inflows this year. We have strategically deployed a portion of this excess cash flow to reduce debt, and we have reached our net debt-to-EBITDA target of 1 to 1.5x nearly 2 years ahead of plan. And maybe the most important highlight of 2018 is the industry-leading amounts of cash we are returning to shareholders through our $4 billion share repurchase program. 
All in all, we are executing at a very high level on the objectives underpinning our strategy, and I expect our disciplined business model to continue to deliver differentiating results in the future. 
Looking ahead to 2019. My second key message is that we are accelerating investment in our world-class Delaware Basin assets. Turning to Slide 3, from a total company perspective, we directionally expect our E&P capital to range from $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion in 2019. With this activity, the Delaware will be our top-funded asset by a wide margin, with investment increasing by greater than 25% to nearly $1 billion. As showcased in our Q3 operations report, the increased activity in the Delaware is an easy capital allocation decision, given the massive step-change improvement in well productivity and returns we have experienced over the past year. Importantly, we have secured the supply chain, infrastructure and takeaway capacity to execute on our development plans. 
Beyond the Delaware, the STACK and Rockies will also be important growth assets for us in 2019. With our refined approach to infill spacing, we expect the STACK to be our second-highest funded asset in 2019, and the doubling of activity in the Rockies will also contribute to our oil growth initiatives. Specifically, in the STACK, we are very confident we have determined the optimum well spacing in this 4 to 8 wells per drilling spacing unit. This quarter marks an inflection point in both returns and volumes for the STACK. Better days are on the way very soon in the STACK. 
In aggregate, approximately 90% of our total capital program in 2019 will be allocated to our high-growth U.S. resource plays. This highly focused capital program in 2019 is expected to drive 15% to 19% oil growth from our retained U.S. assets, with total company-wide volumes projected to advance at a high single-digit rate on a retained asset basis. Most importantly, this light-oil-oriented development program is designed to deliver healthy margin expansion and achieve highly competitive cash flow per share growth at today's strip prices. 
Moving to Slide 4. The final key message I want to convey is that we are on track to deliver on the performance targets associated with our multiyear business plan. While I'll not cover all of the details on the slide, I want to be clear: The management team at Devon is not content with the substantial progress we have made to date, and we're striving not just to meet, but exceed the goals associated with our multiyear business plan. 
To do so, we will allocate capital by prioritizing efficiencies and returns above growth. The Delaware will be our top-funded asset as we will accelerate investment in our world-class U.S. growth platform. This plan will transition our product mix toward higher-margin barrels, and we will maximize the value of this production by effectively managing costs. We will continue to evaluate strategic opportunities to high-grade the portfolio. 
Going forward, as we generate excess free cash flow, we will prioritize the return of cash to our shareholders through the growth in the dividend and additional share repurchases beyond our current $4 billion program. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Tony for additional commentary on our operations.

Subhasish, let me try to remember all of those, but I think first on the noncore -- this is Dave. On the noncore divestments, you can look at Slide 10 of the operations report that gives you more detail on that. But we still have 2 data rooms open: The CO2 floods up in the Rockies, and then in the Central Basin platform, our production up on the Central Basin arch of the Permian Basin. So those data rooms are both open. You can see the scale of those divestments. We have -- on the floods in the Midland Basin, we have made a decision to divest the operated portion of that and to retain the non-operated portion at this point, based on valuations that we received for those assets. So that process has essentially concluded. But that's the remaining -- those 2 assets are the ones that will reach the $5 billion target. 
Secondly, in regard to -- maybe Canada, I'm trying to remember the third one here, question that -- with regard to Canada, obviously -- I'm sorry, go ahead, Subhasish.

Oh, BP. BP. BP. Yes, and I was -- let me cover that one first. And we have had some very constructive conversations with BP early on. We -- no firm commitments at this point, but we think it is very likely that we'll be moving to a third rig in the Eagle Ford. And I can tell you that all the conversations we've had so far have been constructive and positive, and we look forward to working with them on that position. So really all good news from that front. 
On Canada, obviously, there -- it has an attractive valuation, I think, that Husky made for MEG. I think you better obviously talk to them on the basis of that valuation and why they made that offer and what made that offer unique for MEG and why they're uniquely interested in the MEG assets. But obviously, we think that is a marker that shows that the long-term value of the assets that we have up there. So I think it was an interesting number, and it shows the value we have.

We're going to have Wade Hutchings, who's the Senior Vice President in charge of that area, talk about that. Wade?

And as you say, Arun, the biggest driver of the U.S. oil growth is going to be the Delaware Basin. Now I do want to make clear that the -- we do have some growth expectations in there for STACK oil in 2019 as we are -- now feel we have understanding much better of what the optimized spacing is. And our oil growth that we have built into our 2019 projections for STACK is based on those new optimized spacing of 4 to 8 wells per drilling spacing unit.

And I'm going to let our real expert here in the room do that, Arun, that's Kevin Laffert he's in charge of our marketing efforts.

Great. And then Doug, I'm going to have Rick Gideon, Rick, answer that. Rick's our Senior Vice President in charge of the Delaware, so he can give you the best detail on that.

I think Kevin -- well, yes. Kevin can talk about it. But I mean, the bottom line is here that we have everything in place to execute the program. But Kevin can talk to you a little bit more about the gas takeaway, processing, et cetera. So.

And of course, beyond that, we have one of the most extensive water handling infrastructures in Southeast New Mexico, and the permits are in place, essentially.

Well, I can tell you, we have an active discussion about Canada and every other asset in our portfolio at the board level on an ongoing basis. And the one thing that -- there is some -- let's say there are some positive attributes to the Canadian position. We obviously have, one of the premier positions in the SAGD, and our Canadian team has done an outstanding job operating that asset through the years. And it certainly is the type of asset that, in a normalized differential environment, can provide the type of free cash flow each year that would be very helpful in a portfolio to offset the higher-decline unconventional business. Now we obviously recognize that we are not in that environment right now with the high differentials that we are. And that's certainly -- we have an active discussion on this asset relative to that. We understand, but it is a reality right now that it is one of the more challenged times to even think about monetizing that asset because of the very large differentials that we're currently encountering. So it is a discussion. There's -- I think there's been, if you look at the company historically, we've done about $30 billion worth of transactions over the last 10 years. So I don't think there's a lack of willingness in general to do what we consider is in the right interest of the company. It's just the matter of what truly is the right interest of the company, given what the asset position is, what the market for the assets are, et cetera, and just making sure we're making the right decision.

Well, I think that gets into the details of the transaction. But obviously, we're, longer term, interested in returning value to our shareholders. And so we have to think about if we took stock, how could we turn that into value for our shareholders?

We fundamentally believe that a consistent capital program are one of the keys to driving high returns on our capital program. So we do not foresee significant changes to the capital program, either higher or lower, unless we have a tremendous surprise, certainly, more on the lower side than the higher side. And of course, the one thing that we're monitoring very closely in regard to that is Canadian differentials and then what impact that may have on the cash flow for the company. But I do not anticipate us raising our capital program if prices are significantly higher. That's -- as we said in the prepared remarks, we think it's more important to have a consistent program where we'll deliver the highest return, and cash flow above that would be directed towards return to the shareholders, either through share repurchases -- most likely through share repurchases, and then through time, through an increasing dividend.

Without going through a lot of detail, of course, as we sit here today, we're nearly halfway through the fourth quarter. And so you can imagine we brought online nearly half of the wells we planned to in the fourth quarter. And so there is some basis, in fact, based on the production data that we've seen to date with the wells we brought on, based on these 4 to 8 wells. It's still early production data, but based on that data, that we're very confident that we're delivering what we're talking about.

Yes. I'm sure Wade will cover this, but I'll help him out a little bit here to start. As you remember, the geology changes as you move across the STACK, too, so what is the optimum zone to drill and complete in as you move across the Meramec isn't necessarily the same across the entire play. So that's part of the answer to it. And Wade, you can go from there.

It's based on the reservoir is what the answer is, which obviously, you don't have all the data to see why we make those calls. But that's the bottom line, is what reservoirs are developed where.

Well, I'll let Tony talk about this in greater detail. But this is -- philosophically speaking, and this is going to vary from area-to-area, but the parent-child issues that we're talking about here in the STACK play are not unique to the STACK. And they are going to be present, and they have been seen in every unconventional play to one degree or another. And what has happened here is we've reached a -- from an aerial extent is not as large as some of the other plays. And so you've been seeing historically a lot more parent well results from -- for instance, in the Permian Basin, and you haven't reached the degree of maturity in these other basins that you have in the STACK. And so we are -- now it also depends. The degree to which it applies depends on the reservoir properties. So it's not equally applicable in every play, but the basic phenomena is certainly there. And it's something that we are transferring these learnings immediately to all of other plays. Tony, you want to -- you have a lot more detail than I do on that. But I think it's a very relevant question not only for Devon, but for the entire industry.

Well, when we looked at our -- about a year ago, we talked about a capital program based on a $50 oil and $3 natural gas price, and that we wanted to have a steady program based on that. So when you look at -- and built into that, though, was the fact that we were going to be building our cash flow as we continued to grow our light-oil, high-margin production. So -- and even in that flat $50 oil, $3 price deck, we had a little bit higher capital in 2019 than we had in 2018, higher in 2020 than 2019, et cetera. And that's where we are today. So when you look at it, we have really -- the 2019 program that we have laid out really is consistent with what we thought we were going to do in 2019 a year ago. And that, again, it goes along with our philosophy that we think that we produce the highest returns when we have consistent plans relative to capital. Now what the actual cash flow is for the company, obviously, is subject to current pricing, differentials, et cetera. But when you look at how we think about capital, it has not changed.