Thank you, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter was another strong one for Devon. We are executing at a very high level on the strategic objectives underpinning our 3-year business plan, otherwise known as our 2020 Vision. For today's call, my comments will be centered on the significant progress we have made year-to-date toward our 2020 Vision, and I will also touch on a few of the critical next steps associated with this differentiating multiyear plan. 
Turning to Slide 2. The next item I'd like to cover today is the outstanding performance of our U.S. resource plays, which have consistently delivered light-oil production results above our base plan year-to-date. This outperformance has been driven by the record-setting well productivity we have achieved across our franchise assets in the Delaware Basin and STACK. During the second quarter, the momentum from high-rate wells drove U.S. light-oil production 12% higher than the previous quarter, exceeding guidance by a wide margin. With the strong well productivity we achieved through the first half of the year, light-oil production is on track to advance 16% in 2018. This represents a growth rate that is 200 basis points above our original budget expectations heading into the year. Overall, we're off to a great start in exceeding the light-oil objectives associated with our 2020 Vision. 
Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production growth within the confines of our original capital budget guidance range. With our go-forward capital plans, I also believe it's worth highlighting that even with the recent rise in oil prices, we have no plans to add incremental activity in 2018. While we have a very deep inventory of highly attractive growth opportunities within our portfolio, we fundamentally believe that a more measured investment program through all cycles is the correct strategy to manage costs, efficiently expand our business and the appropriate pathway to deliver attractive corporate-level returns for shareholders. 
The next key message I want to convey is that Devon's cash flow generation is trending ahead of our budgeted expectations. In fact, with current strip prices, we expect to increase our upstream cash flow by more than 50% by year-end compared to where we started the year. Furthermore, after expected capital requirements, we are in a position to generate free cash flow in the second half of the year. While the advancement of our U.S. oil volumes is certainly a key contributor to this cash flow growth, our operating teams have also done a great job maximizing the value of every barrel we produce. Some of the best work we have done is on the pricing front, where our marketing teams have provided both flow assurance and access to premium pricing on the Gulf Coast for the majority of our U.S. oil production. Tony will discuss this topic in greater detail later in the call, but after including the benefits of firm transportation and attractive regional basis swaps, our light-oil realizations year-to-date are essentially in line with WTI benchmark pricing. 
Looking ahead, we are well positioned to maintain this strong pricing in the second half of the year, which is very much in contrast with the weak regional pricing and takeaway constraints that has become a serious issue for many operators. 
In addition to strong price realizations, another key factor further supplementing our cash flow growth is the aggressive improvements we are taking to our cost structure. With the actions we have taken year-to-date, we are now on pace to reduce G&A and interest cost by approximately $475 million on an annualized basis. These substantial savings, combined with an improved operating cost across our U.S. resource plays, will continue to put downward pressure on our per-unit cost through the end of the decade. 
With our Delaware Basin and STACK assets rapidly building momentum and operating scale, another critical component of our 2020 Vision is to further high-grade our resource-rich portfolio. During the quarter, we took a significant step forward with this strategic objective by selling our interest in EnLink Midstream for $3.125 billion. This highly accretive transaction provides a complete exit from our investment in EnLink at a value of 12x cash flow, a substantial premium to Devon's current trading multiple. With the closing of the EnLink transaction, which occurred in mid-July, combined with other minor asset sales achieved to date, Devon's total proceeds from our divestiture program have now reached $4.2 billion. 
The next step in this program is to monetize an additional $1 billion of minor noncore assets across the United States by around year-end, which would boost the proceeds from our divestiture program to more than $5 billion. Consistent with the framework of our disciplined multiyear plan, we are returning these divestiture proceeds to our shareholders in the form of a share repurchase program. In June, our board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to an industry-leading $4 billion. While Jeff will provide more details on the progress of our share repurchase program later in the call, I will say that our buyback efforts have reached approximately $1 billion through the end of July. And given the value we see in our equity, we plan to accelerate the cadence of our share repurchase activity through the rest of the year. 
So to summarize, I could not be more pleased with the execution we have delivered to date on our 2020 Vision. Our light-oil production is running ahead of plan. Our margin and cash flow are rapidly expanding. We expect to exceed our $5 billion asset sale target by year -- around year-end, and we are returning industry-leading amounts of cash to our shareholders. 
Briefly flipping to Slide 3. While I'll not cover all the details on the slide, I do want to be clear: We are not content with the substantial progress we have made to date. The management team at Devon is laser-focused on optimizing returns and ensuring capital efficiency for our shareholders. We will continue to attack cost and transition our product mix towards higher-margin barrels. We will be disciplined with our capital allocation and generate significant free cash flow. We will continue to evaluate strategic opportunities to high-grade the portfolio, and we will continue to prioritize returning increasing amounts of cash to our shareholders. 
And lastly, before turning the call over to Tony, I do want to touch on a topic we've got a lot of questions on recently, and that is our thoughts on BHP's announced sale of its Eagle Ford position. Overall, it's good to see a quality operator like BP acquire this position. We have had extensive experience working with BP in the past, both as partners in projects and on multiple asset sales as well. Since the announcement, we have not had any in-depth conversations with BP, so it's still a bit too premature to provide any commentary regarding the strategic direction of the assets at this point in time. However, for the near term, we do not expect any meaningful change in the activity levels that underpin our guidance for the second half of 2018. From a portfolio perspective, we do like our Eagle Ford position. DeWitt County is the economic heart of the play, and we have a multiyear drilling inventory that can generate outstanding returns, a stable production profile and significant free cash flow for Devon. We look forward to discussing the future of the assets with our new partner BP. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Tony for additional commentary on our operations.

In general, I think, Doug, the comment is, absolutely the Delaware is running ahead of plan.

Scott, this is Dave. I might add that I think at this point, though, you have to be extremely cautious about extrapolating any results that we have from Showboat to the remainder of the STACK play. It is very early on. We are taking the learnings there, and we're adjusting our go-forward development plans in terms of spacing. Ones beyond Bernhardt and Horsefly, we're adjusting the spacing as we think that's the right thing to do in the short term. But it's not clear that that's the only answer that's going on here too. And so I would certainly be extremely careful that -- we have had some challenges here at Showboat. We knew we were testing the upper limits of the spacing. That's proved to be true, but there are -- but we're learning a lot from that. And I think that there's a lot more to learn, and we'll learn a lot more as we proceed through the next several development projects here. But to take the results from Showboat and extrapolate a general learning across the entire play, I think it's very premature to do that.

Bob, well, first off, we believe very much in a multi-basin approach. And I think you're really seeing the benefits of that approach right now as we speak. We're having outstanding results in the Delaware Basin. Tony just described some very promising results that we're seeing in the Powder. Overall, we have a strong inventory in the STACK. We have -- admittedly, we had a little bit of disappointment here, not tremendous, but it's a little bit in the short term with Showboat with one development in the STACK where -- but with 90% of our development still in front of us, we're adjusting quickly, and we still have some strong -- really strong return opportunities in the Eagle Ford as well. So we believe that this multi-basin approach that allows us to shift capital between several high-return basins is the absolute rightful approach. And it really optimizes returns versus being overly dependent on one specific play. But we look at a lot of different things when we look at what may or may not remain in the inventory. We look at what is our overall depth of our development inventory? What's the intrinsic value of the asset that we may be looking to monetize? And what is its production and cash flow contributions? We look at what are the prevailing market conditions out there. And obviously, we have teams that are very engaged and understand the market from both a buy and a sell standpoint extremely well. And when we identify an opportunity to pull the trigger, we're not afraid to do so. If you look at our history here, we've had about $30 billion worth of transactions over the past decade. I'm not going to telegraph today specifically what may or may not, but those are the key issues that we look at here. We think we have a very strong inventory where we are, and we'll continue to evaluate conditions as we move forward.

Well, we're currently running 2 rigs there, Brian. I think in an optimized scenario, we run 3 rigs. And so frankly, that's not a large incremental capital spend if you look at the overall size of the company as Devon. So it's barely a material question, I guess you'd say, as to whether you'd use drop activity elsewhere or use some of the incremental cash flow. If we're going to do that, that would be a 2019 event. We anticipate that would not be a 2018 event that we would change the program. And those returns, just to refresh everybody, are as strong as anywhere in our portfolio, particularly given the fact that we're getting WTI-plus pricing on those barrels. And we've done a great job with locking in well above the current market pricing in the Delaware Basin, incidentally, obviously, also in our heavy oil in Canada, but still, not as strong as we see in the Eagle Ford. So with those flow rates compared to the cost, they compete extremely well. But we don't see our -- rapidly increasing the capital, but we do see one incremental rig would probably be helpful in 2019.

Basically, Brian, we're executing our plan a little ahead of schedule. We have a little extra OBO spending. It's not on the cost side because we're managing that extremely well. And certainly, the decision not to add a third frac crew in the Delaware was not driven around trying to stay within capital. It was driven by a returns decision. And so basically, we are able to have one frac crew, I think, Rick, you'd say, per 4 rigs that we have working out there. And we're able to keep up with it. If we added a third frac crew earlier right now for just a few rigs, basically, what that would mean is when we come early 2019, we would have 2 long-term frac crews, one of which probably wouldn't have any work to do given the timing of all of our schedule. And so from a return standpoint, that doesn't make sense. And so it makes more sense to stay with the 2, who can manage the 8 rigs. Now we do see going to 3 frac crews in 2019 as we continue to increase the activity.

I would say it has no impact on our growth expectations under our Vision 2020. And we have enough projects of different types and high quality that this -- our Vision 2020 is absolutely totally impact -- intact. Now could it perhaps have a minor amount of downward pressure? And the question might be asked, too, why didn't we raise oil production guidance, I guess, for the remainder of the year? And admittedly, because of the Showboat issues, we thought it was more prudent, until we see more data and we get the Bernhardt and Horsefly wells on, to not raise production guidance even though we exceeded it in Q2. So yes, throughout 2018, I would say that, that did impact our short-term thinking on raising production guidance. But we have a very deep inventory of projects throughout the company that the 2020 Vision and our growth that we anticipate in oil production, U.S. light-oil production is absolutely intact. And we're seeing outperformance, for instance, as we talked about, in the Delaware Basin, seeing some very strong upsides on the -- for the Powder River Basin, great returns from the wells we're seeing in the Eagle Ford as well. So maybe a short-term timing impact on production, but absolutely -- or potential that we chose to guide conservatively in regards to, but no implications at all to the long-term vision of the company.

Absolutely. I think you've nailed it. We want to learn early because we recognize in all of these plays that we are -- the vast majority of the development is in front of us. And so we have, just as we did -- if you go back even a few years ago on completions and when you may have said historically, we were pumping 600 pounds of sand per lateral foot, we could have easily taken the approach to go to 800 or 1,000 and test out what it is there. But we took the approach there and said, let's go on up to a much higher concentration, up to 3,000 pounds or so, and learn early where the upper limits are and then we can dial back a little bit. I think you can take to a large degree that analogy and apply it to what we're doing with our spacing tests. We chose to learn early. Frankly, we also collected a huge amount of data on the Showboat project, which we think is going to help inform us as well. And we recognized it was aggressive, the spacing, but we'd rather -- if we were going to have an issue, we'd rather learn that early versus just slowly, incrementally up the spacing and get large -- long distance into the development of the overall play before we really learn what's optimum. So there's some pain with this process. We admit that. We feel it a little bit today. There's no question about that. But we think that overall, that is the right long-term decision and leads to higher returns and higher value in the long run.

I'm going to let the guys that are a little bit closer to this -- I think you're going to hear an answer that's fairly granular. It's going to vary still across the play and across the formations. I don't think there is an easy answer. And I think we're still -- we're learning a lot more, but I think we'll continue to learn. But we certainly accelerated the learnings. So Wade, do you want to kick it off here? And maybe Rick will make a comment from the Delaware perspective.

No. Paul, I don't feel that way. We do plan to have escalating program in the Delaware Basin as we move into 2019. We haven't laid out the specific plans, but I think we're anticipating having on the order of 3 or 4 more rigs working out there. That's directionally the way we're thinking right now. We're looking at adding more rigs in the Powder River Basin. Tony talked about that. So no, I don't think that's true. I think that we've had outstanding results from both of those areas as well. The Eagle Ford, we're not counting on for significant growth, but we do think we can stay -- keep production flat there with 3 rigs and we think that will be optimum. Having said that, we do anticipate STACK is going to continue to grow as well. So I don't want to talk down the STACK at all because we're learning very quickly, and we're adjusting. And we anticipate a very successful STACK program going forward. It is going to be an important part of our future.

No, it hasn't. We fundamentally think that, first off, that we want to have a consistent and predictable capital program because we think that having a consistent program, where you're not ramping up activity or not ramping it down, is how you deliver the highest returns. If you rapidly increase the capital program, you may not be ready from a technical standpoint or an infrastructure standpoint to be able to deliver optimum returns. And if you ramp down the capital program, you lose some of the efficiencies you get with a certain level of scale on these, when you have multiple rigs working, for instance, on an individual development. And so you lose some of those efficiencies if you ramp it down significantly. So with that thought process in mind, we think it's important to underpin the cash flows of the company to make sure that we have a certain level of consistency in cash flows to be able to fund the capital program. And so that may -- we are doing this through a systematic program largely, where we're reaching out 18 months and hedging production at any given time. We do leave some room for discretionary hedging as well, but it's all within the context of underpinning the confidence in what prices we're going to receive. Obviously, we're hedging on the differentials, too, which has provided quite a bit of benefit for us this year in terms of pricing. But we think that's fundamentally important to deliver a consistent -- to deliver consistent strong returns with our programs.

We've done a lot of math on, I'd say, what is the optimum size development to optimize the rates of return. And I think we'll probably have the capital to fund whatever is the right answer. But we do think that there is an optimum size, in many cases, to what optimize the rates of return.