Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning, and we appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. By all measures, the second quarter was another excellent performance for Devon as our business continued to strengthen and build momentum. Our quarterly results were highlighted by our Delaware-focused operating plan that delivered production above our guidance expectations. Capital was below budget, margins expanded and we paid record high cash payouts to shareholders. We also took important steps to strengthen the quality and depth of our asset portfolio.  
All in all, it was another quarter of systemic and systematic execution across the tenets of our cash return business model that shareholders have become accustomed to. 
To begin with, I'd like to turn your attention to Slide 3 and 4, which describes who we are. We are a financially disciplined company delivering high returns on invested capital, attractive per share growth and large cash returns to shareholders. While our disciplined capital allocation framework on Slide 3 is foundational to Devon's financial success, also want to highlight that another critical competitive advantage contributing to our strong results is the depth and quality of our asset portfolio.  
As you can see on Slide 4, with Devon's portfolio anchored by our world-class Delaware Basin asset, we possess a long duration resource base that is high graded to the very best plays on the U.S. cost curve.  
Furthermore, with this low-cost asset portfolio, we also have diversified exposure across both oil and liquids-rich gas opportunities, affording us the flexibility to pursue the highest returns and netbacks through the commodity cycle. While this premier multi-basin portfolio positions us to deliver strong capital efficiency and repeatable results for the foreseeable future, we are not complacent and are always looking for smart ways to strengthen our asset base. And this is exactly what we accomplished with our recent acquisition of RimRock's assets in the Williston Basin along with a series of high-impact acreage trades in the Delaware that optimize our leasehold for future development.  
Clay will cover these transactions in greater detail later in the call. However, I do want to emphasize that these portfolio additions are highly complementary to our existing acreage footprint. They tactically unlock quality inventory in the core of the play and the immediate financial accretions from these transactions allow us to further step up the return of cash to shareholders.  
Now moving to Slide 5. The key message here is very simple. The combination of our strategy, our asset base and execution has resulted in an impressive track record of value creation for our shareholders. Since we unveiled the industry's very first cash return framework, upon the WPX merger in late 2020, we have consistently delivered on our strategy to return increasing amounts of cash to shareholders while steadily improving our investment-grade financial strength. 
As you can see on the chart, since the closing of the merger, we have cumulatively returned $6.2 billion of value to shareholders in only 18 months. For perspective, this value exceeds more than 100% of the combined market capitalization of the 2 companies at the time of the merger announcement, unbelievable.  
Jumping ahead to Slide 7. With a strong operational performance achieved year-to-date, we are raising guidance expectations for the full year of 2022. As you can see on the top left, a key contributor to this improved outlook is our 2022 production targets increased by 3% to a range of 600,000 to 610,000 BOE per day. These higher volume expectations are due to better-than-expected well performance year-to-date and the positive impact from our recent bolt-on acquisition in the Williston Basin. After accounting for the benefits of our share repurchase program, this outlook puts us on track to deliver a very healthy production per share growth rate of 8% this year.  
We are also adjusting our upstream capital to a range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion versus our prior guidance of approximately $2.1 billion. This updated guidance incorporates $100 million of incremental capital from the Williston acquisition and includes additional inflationary cost pressures associated with this higher commodity price environment. Overall, at current pricing, this updated outlook is resulting in a 25% plus improvement in free cash flow generation compared to the assumptions that underpinned our original budget expectations.  
The key takeaway here is that our low-cost asset base is capturing the benefits of higher commodity prices and winning the battle against inflationary pressures.  
Now on Slide 8. I want to briefly showcase how our improved 2022 outlook translates into a compelling free cash flow yield. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated free cash flow yield in 2022 compared to other common equity benchmarks in the financial markets. As you can see from the 2 charts at today's pricing, Devon's attractive free cash flow yield of 16% is up to 4x higher in the broader market. I expect this valuation gap, which is at historically wide levels to correct as investors rediscover highly profitable and value-oriented names like Devon.  
Now going to Slide 9. With this powerful stream of free cash flow, our priorities remain unchanged, which means the first call on our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. With this predictive and formulaic framework, we are on track to pay out around $5 per share this year, which is at a yield of more than 8%, places Devon as one of the highest-yielding stocks in the entire U.S. market.  
However, I want to be quick to add that we are not just a high-yielding dividend story. We're also bolstering our per share growth by opportunistically repurchasing our stock. With the share repurchase program, we are on track to retire up to 6% of our outstanding shares at what we believe to be trading at a substantial discount to our intrinsic value. As you can see on the right, even with a large cash payout, we still have excess cash flow left over to further strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet. This balanced and transparent capital allocation framework provides us multiple avenues to create value for our shareholders through the cycle.  
And finally, on Slide 14, I want to end my remarks with a few thoughts on what you can expect from Devon as we plan for the upcoming year. While it is still a bit too premature to provide formal production and capital targets for 2023, I can tell you that there will be no shift to our strategy. We will continue to prioritize free cash flow and per share financial growth, not the pursuit of top line volume growth. We are designing to plan that pursue steady and consistent activity levels to optimize supply chain cost and certainty of execution in this exceptionally tight market. 
And finally, with our low breakeven funding levels, we remain well positioned to navigate the recent market volatility and build upon our track record of delivering outsized cash returns.  
And with that, I will turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights for this most recent quarter.

Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I'd like to close today by reiterating 4 key messages from our call: Number one, Devon is a premier energy company, and the team is proving this quarter after quarter with our outstanding operational results and record-setting financial performance.  
Number two, the momentum of our business has established is resulting in an improved outlook, manifesting in higher per share growth and cash payouts for the owners of our company.  
Number three, we've taken steps to opportunistically capture resource, strengthening the quality and depth of our portfolio while ensuring the long-term sustainability of our model.  
Number four, lastly, as we begin our planning processes for 2023, I can assure you there is no change to our strategy. We're driven by per share value accretion, not the pursuit of volumes.  
I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Well, Arun, that's a good question. We get that quite a bit. And I think we have been very consistent with our answer for the last couple of years, and we will always be looking for unique opportunities like RimRock afforded us, also like the acreage trade that Clay talked about. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. And I'll say this is -- there's something pretty attractive about buying something at 2x cash flow in this day and time, when you think that it really fits in with your story and you've got the industrial logic. 
So I don't expect us to ever be a serial purchaser per se. I hear that term a lot, but that does, but I will say that we'll always be looking for opportunities to strengthen our company's asset base and continue to build Devon for the long haul. We mentioned -- earlier this year, we celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company, and we really think about multi-decade. When we talk about it, it's just not an arm waving exercise. We truly are committed to that.

Yes. I'd say this, Doug, as we said in our prepared comments, it's a little early for us to give you granular detail. We're going to continue to stick with our strategy of maintenance type spending level. You talked about the midstream asset spending, we do have some expansion. We have the joint venture. We're going to be building our third train. That JV is going very, very well.  
We've got the 400 million a day cryo plant is full, and so we'll be working with our partners there to expand that to handle our gas production there. But still too early for us to be laying out any 2023 numbers. And I don't know if Clay or Jeff want to weigh in on that, but that's kind of where we're at right now, [ Paul ].

Yes. Doug, that's a great question. We get it quite a bit. And I can tell you, when you're looking at a $1 commodity price for gas, it's -- I think you're really -- I think people listen to us more than they did back when it was a $3.50 gas price, and we talked about the diversity that we enjoy with this portfolio that we have. And so for us, I don't know that you're going to change -- you'll expect to see us change our capital program allocation because recall that in our Delaware Basin, we do have a great deal of gas production there.  
So really some wonderful returns. We do have 4 rigs running here in the Anadarko Basin to your point. We're seeing some great returns there. And the one thing that we want to do is a little bit more assessment type work there, some ideas that we have. And so we'll be very measured with that. But it's a wonderful asset. We have a great acreage position. We have a great joint venture partner, which we talked about with Dow. And the JV is going very well. We're generating some phenomenal returns with it. We're going to be very measured, very thoughtful about it. So I wouldn't expect us to have significant changes in our capital allocation mix.

Well, I'll say this. I think we're going to continue to see opportunities that come our way that we have to contemplate a number of things. Number 1 is the renewal, if you will, of inventory. We drill 300, 400 wells a year. So you just -- you think of that, even though you've got a deep inventory, we are an industry that needs to continue to renew your inventory, whether it's through exploration or transactions. And so I think that will always be part of our game plan to consider those. But there's also other things that come into play. Clay mentioned the acreage trades where suddenly we can drill another couple of hundred 2-mile laterals instead of 1 mile, and I can tell you, it just supercharges your returns. So there's a lot of ways we'll do that. We have a great team both the land and the business development side, we look at all sorts of opportunities, but we have a very, very high bar and we're going to keep that bar quite high, and we can do that because of the inventory that we currently enjoy.  
And so I just don't know that we'll always -- we'll ever say that it's just absolutely part of our game plan, but I do think we'll have opportunities that come our way that could make sense for us.

The shareholders we talk to and we frequently engaged with, the feedback we get continues to be similar to ours, and that is focused on a per share approach. And so when we talk about growth, it's a per share growth. And so fundamentally, unless we have shareholders, numerous shareholders that come in and say, look, we absolutely -- we do not like these big dividends. We do not like your share repurchase program. We want you to go back to a growth model. Until we see that, I see no reason to change our strategy. And this is a strategy that we didn't -- we've really not tweaked our strategy since we laid out the merger announcement in September of 2020 and nearly 2 years ago.  
And so I think we've been very consistent. We did -- a few quarters back, we did talk about bumping our fixed dividend and we also talk about the -- adding the share repurchase option. And those are things that really just solidified our cash return model and I think as commodity prices strengthen, we saw it just -- it really adhered us to our shareholders when you could go across with all those options and deliver across the board. So to go back and completely change our strategy, I don't know, it just seems like a real long put for us right now to -- and we're certainly not getting that feedback from our investors.

Yes, Neil, great question. I guess for us, we think that just fundamentally, OPEC, we'll see what they come up with. But they probably may handicap a little bit of the concerns around a possible recession that could impact demand some -- somewhat. I don't think it's going to be very, very large. If they were to bump there, let's say, Saudi specifically, if they were to bump their productivity. I don't think it would be a large bump because I think in the back of their minds, they're looking at a lot of data like we all are, right? And so they're going to be -- I think they're going to be very measured. The rest of OPEC, I just think, quite honestly, I think are going to be very, very challenged to getting more close their quotas. That's been, I think, well represented.  
So for us, when we think about maybe a slight uptick in Saudi's production, maybe even the UAE, but I don't think it's going to be that strong. You see continued discipline. You do see some growth here in the lower 48, but it's still a disciplined approach. China is -- there's a point in time when you will see that demand, I believe, increase as they started reopening. 
In our mind, demand is going to be strong. And I think demand is going to -- net-net is you're going to start -- you'll still see some demand growth until we see prices -- I think WTI north of 120. That's kind of what we thought the first time and it pulled back and it could have been just circumstantial. But -- so we'll see. But I think for us, we're very constructive on the commodity price environment. That's both on the crude side and then on the gas side, too. I've been a little surprised that gas didn't pull back a little harder and stay, but it's -- I think we've talked about it with our team, just fundamentally, you do not want to be short at gas in this world. And I think that at that point-driven, whether it's whether it's a Uri storm or type storm or some of the geopolitical things, you just do not want to be short at gas.  
That's an uncomfortable place for governments and utilities and the greater society. So we're very, very constructive. I think for us, we just -- Neil, we're very pleased with our execution. We're staying on top of the supply chain the best we can, and it's, I think, going well. We've made some really strong moves on -- in the marketing front, both on the gas side and the crude side to ensure, in my mind, very consistent reliable flows to the market. So I think we've done what we need to do. And I guess the takeaway for us is that we still are constructive on demand, both on the oil and gas side.

Yes. I think -- let's start with crude. I think for us, we are really -- there's ranges of estimates out there. So we think about the balance of growth throughout the back half of '22, and we're probably a little more conservative than what some of the estimates are. And so in other words, we're not as bullish on U.S. growth as some will be for the back half. And there's a number of reasons there. I think for the -- as far as the maturation where we're at with the lower 48 plays, fundamentally, I think you've seen places like the Bakken, the Eagle Ford, in particular, where you've seen volumes are hanging in there, but you're really not seeing a lot of growth.  
I think we did see an uptick in the Eagle Ford, but it's come back some, but I think both of those basins will be challenged to grow much. I think you have plays like the DJ and the Anadarko. We're not in the DJ, but that's a place we'll watch. I think in places like -- especially like the Anadarko, gas is going to be -- you can see some growth there. But it's going to be, I think, in aggregate, going to be somewhat moderate. And so it all comes down to the Permian. And I think the Permian will continue to be the only basin that grow substantially. But even with the Permian, I think you'll start seeing impacts of things like the supply chain pinch and others.  
I think many of the private operators have been the ones that have driven the growth. The first -- I really say about the last 12 months. And so I think that's going to moderate a little bit. And so we'll see how it all plays out. You'll still see growth, obviously, but I think it's going to play out a little bit. It may not be quite as much growth as some people have forecasted. We'll see how it plays out.