Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter is another one of exceptional execution for Devon across all aspects of our business. The bull strategy we announced earlier this year to transform to a high-quality, multi-basin U.S. oil company is working, and is working quite well.
By sharpening our focus on our very best U.S. oil assets, the operating teams at Devon are delivering results that are exceeding expectations. Capital efficient and cost -- capital efficiency and cost reduction targets by a wide
[Audio Gap] 
This trend of excellence is now well established over multiple quarters and evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments year-to-date.
First, our returns-oriented focus and strong operational execution is translating into attractive rates of return. Year-to-date, the fully burdened rate of return on our capital program has exceeded 25%, and the cash return on total capital employed is also strong, trending well above 20%.
The attractive returns we have delivered year-to-date are a function of the learnings we attained from appraisal work in prior years. By deploying these learnings to our highly focused development program in 2019, we have made substantial improvements in drilling and completion designs, reduced cycle times and increased well productivity through enhanced subsurface target selection.
This step change improvement in execution has allowed us to raise our oil growth outlook 3 times this year while lowering our capital spending guidance. We have also acted with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cost structure. Our multiyear cost savings initiatives are now on pace to achieve more than 80% of our targeted $780 million in annual cost reductions by year-end.
Importantly, our operational performance and cost reduction success have allowed us to generate free cash flow at levels that are ahead of plan. Coupled with asset sales, we are now on track to generate more than $3 billion of excess cash this year. With this abundant cash flow, we are delivering on our promise to reduce leverage and return capital to shareholders.
Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong at 1x net debt to EBITDA, we have increased our dividend by 13% and are on track to reduce our share count approximately 30% by year-end. As you can see from these highlights, Devon is executing at a very high level on every strategic objective underpinning our strategy.
Our unwavering focus on what we can control is delivering compelling financial and operational results that are demonstrating a positive rate of change unique among our competitors. Clearly, we have accomplished quite a bit this year-to-date, and there is plenty of excitement left in 2019 as our upcoming fourth quarter is full of catalyst-rich events.
The Delaware is set to attain another meaningful step-up in oil production due to several high-impact projects coming online in Q4, headlined by our Cat Scratch Fever 2.0 project. There are also several good things happening in the Powder River Basin. We are raising our oil exit target rate -- exit rate target and our Niobrara appraisal work is unlocking a new resource play for us.
The Eagle Ford will also be worth watching as we have officially reestablished operational momentum with our new partner and expect to bring online more than 25 high-rate wells in the fourth quarter.
And lastly, with regard to our Barnett sale process, the bids are in and we continue to advance the process with interested parties. We expect to exit the Barnett by year-end at a price that is consistent with our view of the intrinsic value of the asset.
Looking ahead to 2020, we have conviction in our multiyear plan and expect to progress the operational scale of our business and the highest return areas of our portfolio while delivering growth and free cash flow. With the significant improvements in capital efficiency we have experienced across our asset portfolio, we believe we can achieve the strategic objectives of our multiyear plan with substantially lower capital requirements compared to the original projection we laid out in February of this year.
However, before I get into the details of our 2020 outlook, I want to share with investors our capital allocation priorities for the upcoming year. As always, Devon's top priority will be to fund maintenance capital requirements and the quarterly dividend. Once this objective is met, the next step in our capital allocation process is to selectively deploy capital to high-return projects that will efficiently expand the cash flow of the business. Importantly, our plan meets all these capital allocation priorities at a low breakeven funding price of $48 WTI and $2.50 Henry Hub pricing.
This ultra-low breakeven pricing point provides us with a substantial margin of safety to execute on our capital program while navigating through the inevitable commodity price volatility we will encounter. Should this volatility drive prices higher, we will remain disciplined, and the benefits of any pricing windfall above our conservative base planning scenario will manifest itself in higher levels of free cash flow for shareholders, not higher capital spending. Conversely, should we see price volatility to the downside, we have designed our operating plan to have the flexibility and agility to appropriately react to changes in the macro environment.
Although we are still finalizing the details of our 2020 operating plan, I can tell you we are directionally planning on a capital program in a range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. This level of activity is expected to generate oil growth of 7% to 9% compared to 2019 on a retained asset basis. When you account for the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program, oil growth rates jump into the mid- to high teens on a per share basis.
As I've already emphasized, our 2020 plan is designed to completely fund our capital requirements at an ultra-low WTI breakeven price of $48. Furthermore, this conservative plan provides significant torque to the upside as we can generate free cash flow of $400 million at $55 WTI pricing.
With our updated outlook, I hope this one key message resonates: That Devon's capital efficiency continues to trend meaningfully ahead of our multiyear plan. This is evidenced by our cumulative capital spending in 2019 and 2020, which is projected to decline by approximately $400 million or 10% less than the original plan we outlined this February.
Importantly, our oil growth outlook over the same 2-year time frame remains on track with the original plan. While this is a great result, we are not content with the substantial progress we have made. The management team at Devon is laser-focused on optimizing returns and driving capital efficiency for our shareholders. I expect to have more positive updates on this topic in the near future.
And the final item I'd like to address is a recent political rhetoric regarding drilling and fracking moratoriums on federal lands. Although we believe substantial obstacles exist for such an idea to be enacted into law, I do want to highlight that only 20% of our total company-wide leasehold resides on federal land. Within our core focus areas, our largest federal acreage holding resides in the Powder River Basin, which accounts for nearly 60% of our leasehold in that operating area.
In the Delaware Basin, roughly half of our acreage is federal and our STACK -- Eagle Ford and STACK assets reside almost entirely on private lands. Regardless of how the politics of this issue will ultimately be resolved, I do want to emphasize that we have been building a deep inventory of federal drilling permits in our highest confidence development areas within the Delaware and Powder River Basin.
Furthermore, our diversified multi-basin portfolio provides a flexibility and a depth of inventory within each of our core basins to be nimble and quickly pivot drilling activity to private leasehold that is highly economic and well positioned on the cost curve. While our diversified portfolio positions us well to adapt to a scenario such as this, we fundamentally believe that the basic notion of such campaign rhetoric is fraught with serious economic ramifications. This proposal would unfairly harm the communities that financially benefit from our business activity as well as impact the broader U.S. economy from an inevitable spike in energy costs that would unnecessarily limit GDP growth.
That concludes my prepared remarks. I'd now like to turn -- introduce and turn the call over to David Harris. David was recently appointed Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, replacing my good friend, Tony Vaughn, who is retiring from Devon after 20 years of service.
Many of you know David. But for those of you who do not, David has been at Devon for more than a decade and is a seasoned and trusted leader who has been instrumental in strengthening Devon into the world-class U.S. oil company it is today. 
David?

Arun, this is Dave. I may just make one more comment on just the capital efficiency or the cost reduction side. If you go to, obviously, Slide 16 in the operations reported, it really shows how we're continuing to get drilling and completion efficiencies. So we think they are leading the industry in cost per foot -- drilling and completion cost per foot, but we're not done.
And I can tell you, the way we've guided and built into our 2020 guidance, we are still seeing that we think there's opportunity to do even better, and we're working on some things and having early results that back that up.

Well, I don't know if I have an absolute number normalized for pricing. I think the easiest way to think about it is look at Slide 9 in the deck, where we're saying we're delivering all of the oil growth that we had originally planned over the 2-year time frame. But yet, we're doing it for $400 million less capital versus our original plan. And so obviously, on a normalized basis, if we went back to the original pricing, it would be below $46. I don't know if we have an exact number of what that may be.

Yes.

David Harris, I think you can answer that.

The only thing I'd add, Jeanine, is we are allocating a significant amount of capital to the Delaware and less to the STACK, but don't count the STACK out. I see some work that we're doing internally in the STACK. We're driving down the well cost. We are doing some outstanding technical work in there. And it's just because of the high-quality of our portfolio that we are allocating more to the Delaware.
But the STACK is still there. It's not far away from getting funding and it's going to be a significant part of our portfolio for a long time to go, and you're going to see capital allocated to STACK in future years. And it's going to be good, strong returns.

Well, I think the main thing to understand is that we have the capability and the resource that we can deploy capital and generate strong returns at various growth rates. So we aren't really limited by the amount of resource and amount of opportunities with the amount of growth. It is really trying to maximize the capital efficiency of our program as well as to generate competitive growth along with competitive free cash flow yield. And so we're trying to balance all of those variables.
Given that, we think as a [ company ] that it's appropriate for us to target high single-digit growth rates and mid-single-digit free cash flow yields. And that allows us to invest in very high-return opportunities. So we think, at this point, that's the right decision.
Obviously, we're open to feedback from our shareholders on whether they think that's appropriate as well. But we think it's a strong program that's underpinned by very high-return projects. And we do, again, have the flexibility to grow at higher or lower rates, but we have no shortage of opportunities to do that for a long time.

Well, there's very little capital allocated in the current plan, and 2020 is really more carry-in capital from 2019. We're working a number of initiatives. It's not just on the price side that we -- certainly a little bit higher gas and NGL prices would help. We're also -- our teams are doing some outstanding work on the cost side, on the drilling and completion costs and driving down those costs. We're also working on potential joint venture type opportunities there that could bring in some capital to drive higher capital efficiency into it.
So there are several different angles that we're working this from in order to allocate capital in the future years. And obviously, we're being patient because we have such a strong portfolio. We talk a lot about the Delaware, but I think we need to talk about the Powder also and the success we're having in Niobrara and now that's going to drive more capital there and higher returns and very high returns there as well with the success we're having.
So -- and I can tell you, in the Eagle Ford also with our new partner, BP, they're very excited about what their -- or BPX, they're very excited about this asset. I think they see it as one of their key cornerstones of the acquisition they did from BHP into one, they probably want to put a lot of capital too early on.
So we just have a lot of high-return opportunities here in front of us. So we're just being patient to work out some of these other issues. And then I'm confident we're going to do it. And then the capital will come to the STACK when the appropriate time comes.

Now just to reinforce that, what we're finding is there's still a lot of hydrocarbon in place and a lot of reservoir pressure there after our initial development activities take place. And so we're finding success with staggered wells within the Lower Eagle Ford as well as staggering them up in the Upper Eagle Ford between the Lower Eagle Ford completions.
And so it's exciting how it's -- and there's -- it's just a great resource with a lot of pressure and a lot of opportunities [ that look likes ] remaining. And then the Austin Chalk on top of it. Probably a little less certainty as to how big that's going to be at this point, but we're changing more to a linear gel type design on our completions there from slick water, and we're optimistic that, that can compete also.

Well, there's a couple of what we think are really great advantages that we have in and around our acreage position relative to other areas in the Powder River Basin. The first is from a thermal maturity standpoint, we are clearly in the oil window throughout the geologic column here. And that varies. We've done a thermal maturity mapping throughout the basin and that varies. And as you go further to north with some other operators, you're more in a gassy window in the Niobrara.
The other thing that you're pointing out, Charles, is yes, you do have more of a chalky interval in this particular part of the basin within the Niobrara. And the chalky interval is what gives some brittleness. And that interval is developed around our acreage position and around some other acreage immediately around us, but is not developed everywhere in the Powder.
And so we think that, that brittleness, where it doesn't exist in other areas, it's a little more ductile and done frac as well. Other places, it really fracs well on our acreage. So we think -- and that's one caution I'd give everyone about comparing our Niobrara results to everybody else's Niobrara results too because we do have these unique advantages of being in the oil window and have this chalky interval in there that, frankly, we think ours is going to be better because of these geological characteristics. And so far, it's turned out to be true.

Well, you can rest assured that we've done a lot of background legal work around this issue. And I don't think it's probably appropriate to go into the details around that work on this call. But I think that at a high level, we would say that we think it is really fraught with serious legal ramifications, the ability to enact that in a short-term basis.
And I think even more importantly though, obviously, is we just think it's going to unfairly harm the communities where we work, the states where we work. We work in an incredibly environmentally responsible manner, our own company does and our industry does. And all this is going to do is to shift -- the demand for the oil is not going to change. It's there on a worldwide basis. And all this would do is to shift the production to areas of the world that -- where there are not as high environmental standards followed.
And so we just think that it is obviously going to be impactful, very impactful to the U.S. economy and as well as our national defense. So we think it's just obviously a bad idea from a number of fronts and it's not good for the U.S., it's not good for the world.
And again, I'm not going to go through the details of the legal issues. But we've studied it pretty deeply, and we think there's a significant time frame to do anything from a purely legal standpoint. Obviously, from a regulatory standpoint, there's a possibility to slow things down. But we've obviously been thinking through that and we have a deep inventory permit to help mitigate that.
The targets on -- I think the key point of all this is we have a clear path forward if this were to take place and we've been thinking about it.

I didn't quite catch that. Could you repeat that, Jeffrey? I'm sorry.

Oh, I don't know. You know? I don't know. I'm trying -- I'm about to throw a sports analogy. You better -- not sure it's the right one, David. It's a layup, maybe not. Maybe a 15-foot jump shot. It's not a long 3-pointer.

There you go. Well, then that's like a layup, yes. But I mean obviously, we feel confident. We've exceeded our expectations the last few quarters. So we're -- we feel really good about the ability to execute on that.

Well, there's a -- the out -- and I don't have the exact number. The guys will have it for you here. But it's typically run higher than it has in any of the other business units. But the amount of the outside capital has actually -- or OBO capital has been declining this year significantly as other people move activity outside of the basin as well. And typically, we try to find companies that are willing to participate in those projects. So we sell down our interest in those versus nonconsent. So we're trying to get some return on that as well.