Arun, this is Dave. I think David Harris is going to have some good information around that.

Arun, I might just add that we've even seen some service cost reductions beyond what we've built into this at this point. So we're not building all of the leading-edge cost reductions that we have into this $950 million.

Arun, you're correct that our federal permits have a 2-year initial term and then they're eligible for a 2-year extension period. Typically, it's a routine part of our business. We file for those extensions, say, 3 months out from when those permits will expire. Typically, it's a very quick approval process. We've never been declined an extension. And importantly, the environmental assessments that underlie those permits are good for a period of 5 years.

Yes. That's absolutely correct.

Well, I think -- thanks, Doug. And we're very proud of the model, and we think it is the right business model. And certainly, we feel like we have moved this model quickly and probably as quick as anybody in the industry. And hopefully, others continue to follow it up with actions as we have already started to do here.
I think the first thing to keep in mind is that our breakeven is now -- that funds our maintenance capital is around $35 WTI. And then -- and we actually then funded the dividend, the normal dividend plus our maintenance capital around $39 WTI. So where you start really getting into the issue is when you start to balance our growth opportunities beyond -- if we're in an environment above $39 WTI, how do you balance that with the return of free cash flow to shareholders. And certainly, we're going to look at the economic climate that we're in at the time to make that call whether we would undertake select growth opportunities or whether we think it's better to return that cash to shareholders as we move above that.
As we sit here today, we're obviously still in the middle of a global pandemic. And so even though the strip is sitting there at currently somewhere right around $45 today, the way I would describe it is there's a big error bar on that strip. There's a lot of uncertainty associated with that strip at this point and how sustainable that is. So we are not, at this point, prepared to say, "Okay. It's $45 strip." Now we're going to start going more into growth mode. Our thought process is more we're going to stay closer to maintenance capital or at maintenance capital and return those incremental dollars to shareholders.
Now there may be an environment in the future where we don't feel as much risk as there is on oil pricing right now given the global pandemic that we're still under. So there may be at some point where we do start to -- as we get above $40 and towards $45 where we say we're going to mix it a little bit of growth and with the return to value to shareholders. But we're going to take into account all the economic conditions at the time on how to best make that judgment.
So it's not going to be an absolute formula. I think if you -- inevitably, I think whenever you try to live by an absolute formula, you will find that the formula doesn't work as well as you wish it had. And so it's going to involve some level of business judgment, where our business judgment is right now that we feel it's more appropriate to fund at maintenance capital level and return at incremental dollars to the shareholder. But that could change at some point in the future.

Yes. Yes. We are talking about a variable dividend. And yes, I think we see there's a subtle difference, too, in that a special is one -- it's really special when you actually do it. And so that's why we call it special, and we've done it.

I'm being a little funny there for you.

Well, I think you can look for us to continue to drive more capital efficiency into the business in general. You're seeing how we're continuing to drive down the drilling and completion costs and improve the capital efficiency in the Delaware Basin. You can -- if you look at the stack play, we've done a couple of things there where we have really redesigned our wells. And when we go back out there, that we feel that we're going to be drilling and completing those wells for significantly less than when the last time we were out there. In addition, we did the transaction with Dow where we brought in promoted capital, where essentially we'll be paying 1/3 of our costs in a given well for 50% of our working interest. So that is certainly going to drive capital efficiency.
Eagle Ford, we work very closely with BP to drive the efficiency there and really the economics on the remaining development inventory as well as the redevelopment opportunities we're seeing are very capital efficient.
And finally, we're learning an awful lot about the Powder River Basin particularly in the Niobrara. And we have really just been in appraisal mode up there so far. So as we go into full development in the Powder River Basin, you will see those well costs potentially move down dramatically as well. So absolutely, we'll be -- in a sense, we'll be high grading by drilling the best opportunities, but all of these opportunities are going to continue to improve because of the measures that we have been executing on internally.

Well, I tried to say -- first, on the debt, I mean our target in mid-cycle pricing is get the debt to EBITDAR down around 1.0 or less. Now we're not quite there yet, and we're probably going to need a little bit better pricing to do it.
On the variable dividend, so I tried to lay out that it's going to depend somewhat on our perception of the economic outlook as to how much we want and our confidence in forward pricing as to how much we would just return cash to shareholders versus invest in a limited amount of growth opportunities up to 5%. So -- and I tried to highlight that we're going to assess that at the time. Right now, we're not particularly confident in the economic outlook on prices. It may prove better, but we're still in the middle of a pandemic. So there's a lot of uncertainty around it. So we'd be leaning more towards the cash return side of it right now.

Yes. We hear you fine. Hope you can hear us now.

Well, we work very closely with BP on the capital allocation there. And so far, we've remained aligned. I will say I think probably better to hear this from BP, but I think, overall, they're extremely happy with that asset and feel that's one of the best assets they've picked up and, if not the best, they picked up in the BHP transaction. So I would think that even though they're having a strategy shift, I would suspect that this is one that's going to continue to be highlighted within their portfolio. So far, we have not seen any significant alignment issues with them around that. Obviously, if there's some point they don't consider that asset to be very valuable in their portfolio, we'd love to talk to them about that as well. But right now, I can tell you we remain very aligned.

Well, we're still finalizing our 2021 capital allocation. So it'd be a little premature to say how much. I do know that we'd have 22 DUCs down in the Eagle Ford that we've -- that have been there that we docked in the second quarter. And so those are definitely going to be drawn down in early '21, which will give us a really good start to 2021 production.
I think beyond that, the level at which we may consider drawing down that inventory, we're going to have to -- we're working on that right now and deciding whether -- how much we may consider doing that. For the most part, I think you would consider that to just be normal working level of DUCs that you would -- always going to have some inventory, but there probably are a few that we could draw down if it seems appropriate.

That's right. That's right.

Well, make no mistake that we are very dedicated to the cash return model to shareholders. And I feel that, frankly, we're the first ones to actually take action with a special or variable dividend. There are probably a couple of different cases where you can do this. And we use the words synonymously, frankly. One is in this case, where we have some extra cash we're anticipating because of the Barnett sale. The other is, I believe probably Pioneer talked about this morning, and certainly, we're going to be doing the same thing, is as we generate excess cash flow from our ongoing business, that we will be returning that to shareholders as well.
Now are we going to be absolutely formulaic around that approach and say we're going to do so much every quarter? No. We're not saying that. But when we are confident that we've generated excess cash flow in the right business environment beyond what we need as a company, and again, we're limiting our growth to 5%, then you can look for us to return that cash to our shareholders. We're just not being so specific as to say exactly how it might be. Now Jeff I know may have a few additional comments on some thoughts that he's had around this as well.

And we -- you might look at Slide 13 in our operations report, too, that also shows what amounts of free cash flow we could yield at maintenance capital at various WTI prices. So just as Jeff said, we anticipate that there is going to be significant free cash flow and that we would look to return that to shareholders.

Volume commitment.

Yes.

Well, I'd say M&A, consolidation is something that we obviously recognize there can be benefits out there. There's too much overhead sitting in the entire E&P system. And to the extent at which there can be some consolidation and eliminate some of that overhead and also, in many cases, capture operational synergies that may exist between various companies, there could be some benefit there. So I don't really see that the limitation of the growth rate has a significant impact one way or the other. I think, frankly, many of the companies are pivoting to the same model that we are. I think we're just a little more advanced with the implementation of this model than they are. So I think it's -- I think this is a strategy that can make sense with acquisitions if there could be something that would be appropriate.
And just on the -- I gave the very quick answer, one-word answer of yes on limited to 5% growth rate. That is absolutely the answer. Now the rationale behind that, I think, we all understand is that why does it -- it just doesn't make any sense for our industry to grow at a much higher rate than the demand for the product is. And we count on OPEC to cut supplies to bail us out on prices. And so I think hopefully, everyone is learning their lesson on that. And I think -- and frankly, I think the industry is learning their lesson on that. So that's why it's just so straightforward for us to answer it the way I did.