Thank you, Mary, and welcome, everyone. This was another strong quarter, double-digit growth on both the top and bottom line, and we continue to drive improvements across several key business areas that we believe are critical to our long-term success. Q3 revenue and bookings grew 12% and 11%, respectively. The growth profile we delivered was broad-based, reflective of diversification across our product portfolio, our channels and our geographies. And with 16% growth in EPS, our profitability remains strong and continues to grow faster than revenue. 
Later in this call, Natalie will provide you with more details on our Q3 results, but let's take a step back for 1 minute. It is clear to all of us that we are living more and more of our daily lives online: shopping, working, learning, creating, sharing, you name it. We are doing it all online. All of it is designed to make our lives easier and better, but it does come with a very real risk of more cyber criminality. Every day, this team wakes up driven by a singular purpose: making the world cyber safe for everyone and ultimately powering their digital freedom. 
Today, we are protecting and empowering approximately 80 million users in more than 150 countries where we are just getting started. Our strategy is built around our customers and their digital lives. We are focused on accelerating innovation, expanding access and reach and relentlessly serving our customers' needs. 
Our innovation engine continues to thrive. In Q3, we introduced Avira Breach Monitor, where we actively scan the Internet and alert users if their e-mail is a part of a data breach. In identity and in privacy, we continue to expand our reach internationally, combining Dark Web Monitoring, AntiTrack and ID Navigator, and bringing it to over 20 countries. Not only do we bring new products to market, we also improve upon category-leading products that we have offered for years. For example, using machine learning, we rolled out new alerts detecting unusual transactions for our LifeLock subscribers, better protecting people from various frauds or unusual activities. 
Day after day, this team brings energy and new ideas about how we can better build out the Norton 360 cyber safety integrated platform. Within various plans of Norton 360, our members automatically receive the benefits of our latest innovation: simplified and frictionless onboarding experiences, new device detection in addition through QR codes; easy backup activation; software updater; improved integrated VPN; game booster; cryptocurrency mining and wallet options; and enhanced identity protection features, like Identity Lock and social media monitoring. These are just a few of the new features made available into our Norton 360 platform over just the last few months. 
And it's not just innovation, it is a continued commitment to protecting our users as highlighted with multiple AV-TEST awards and the most recent, the SE Labs Best Consumer Anti-Malware awards for 2021. We know we are on the right track as over 14 million customers are now on Norton 360 with more than 1 million members added since our Investor Day last May. We are thrilled that over 60% of our direct customers are now protected by the Norton 360 platform, and it keeps growing. 
Whether it's launching entirely new products, bringing these products to more people or improving our industry-leading platform, we know that innovation is a core driver of our success. When customers make the decision to trust us to help protect their digital lives, they stay with us. We have improved our Net Promoter Score by 5 points to high 40s in the last 12 months. That strengthening engagement is also reflected in our retention rate, which is something we are particularly proud of. In Q3, it was slightly above 85%. If you exclude the first year customers, retention is at 87% in aggregate and as high as 90% for some cohort of customers with the identity offering. It speaks to the power of our Norton 360 platform with identity protection as traditionally in this industry, renewal rates for the first year customers or security-only customers are lower. But even in this category, we believe we have room for improvement. We've already improved Avira retention to 83%, up 3 points since we acquired them.
Through our evolving and innovative product portfolio and expanding distribution channels, we have now added customers to the platform consistently over 9 consecutive quarters. Total direct customers are now over 23.4 million, up 12% or 2.4 million customers added year-over-year and 126,000 sequentially. The growth was broad-based, although slightly higher mix in security as expected for a December holiday-driven quarter. 
In our direct-to-consumer channel, we observed some market pressure on ad prices that slightly pushed up our customer acquisition cost. We partially offset those increases with improvement in shopping cart conversions. One of the key investment areas in our go-to-market strategy is the expansion in indirect channels. The net direct customer count increase that I just shared does not include customers coming through our partner channels, including employee benefits or through the app stores, for example. In those 2 channels alone, we added almost 0.5 million customers year-over-year and over 100,000 customers sequentially. And interestingly, almost 2/3 now of our new customer from app stores have installed the Norton 360 app. You will see us continue to expand and invest in our multichannel approach to reach more customers. 
While it is great that we've brought innovations to the market, added customers to our platform and retain them, it is also clear that we are delivering value. In Q3, our average revenue per user, or ARPU, was $8.87. But excluding Avira, we achieved a record organic ARPU well above $9 driven by higher Norton 360 adoption and successful cross-sell and upsell activities. 
Avira's installed base is more focused on traditional security feature, which drives an ARPU at just below $5, but we view this as one of the many opportunities we have to continue to grow and provide more rounded protection to all customers, Avira and internationally. Natalie will provide more details on ARPU in her section.
To wrap up, I'm also excited to announce that we are driving to an accelerated close date for the merger with Avast. As you will recall, we originally expected to close in mid-calendar year 2022. However, while there remain some outstanding regulatory conditions that will need to be satisfied or waived before we can close, we currently expect to close on February 24, 2022. We have made great strides towards combining the 2 companies, including receiving approvals from both NortonLifeLock and Avast shareholders; satisfying regulatory conditions in the U.S., Czech Republic, Australia and New Zealand; and securing permanent financing commitments.
On the remaining regulatory conditions, we have submitted antitrust filings for the U.K., Germany and Spain and are fully engaged with each of them. We fundamentally believe that this merger will allow us to increase our pace of innovation and better serve consumers around the world. In the meantime, we'll keep driving our business forward. We've made great progress and frankly can't wait to merge with Avast. Together, we will accelerate the transformation of consumer cyber safety and power digital freedom for everyone. 
And now I will pass the call over to Natalie to cover details of the financial results and the activities supporting our merger with Avast.

Yes. And to be honest with you, I never believed that I would say what I'm going to say, which is despite the fact that we posted a double-digit quarter, the most exciting news is, for me, too, that we are now scaling the close of the merger with Avast for February 24. We, as you imagine, are super eager to get started. We've made great progress in our planning activities, and we know that this merger will offer an increased capacity for innovation, for global reach, to make cyber safety richer for consumers. So we've been patiently working all the processes. 
As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we made great progress on many fronts. We still have regulatory conditions to meet in the U.K., Germany and Spain. We've done now all of the filings, and we are openly and actively, if you want, collaborating with those answering all of the questions they have. Based on the progress, and I won't go into every detail, we're now confident that we will be in a position on February 24 to either meet all conditions or waive all conditions and be able to close. So that's, as you mentioned, a great news.

Yes. I'm sorry with you. And to be honest, so we have a very broad purpose, right, really protecting and empowering everyone to have the digital lives being safe and getting the maximum value for it. As we know, as we move more online, we, of course, expose either the users or our kids or our family to more risk coming from that cyber criminality that continues to evolve all the time. 
I mentioned at our Analyst Day that moving up the stack of value from that core device security to multi-device to then including password manager, VPN, then adding identity features and then moving into privacy features is what our mission is to build, just the best cyber safety platform, full stop, and then on top, offering additional services that would have a lot of value because they are part of that cyber safety platform. 
I mentioned a category we really look at very closely within that privacy and protection is your reputation online, reputation, privacy, reputation management and then protecting against all sort of activities that would expose you, cyber bullying being one of them. And so social monitoring is just another feature, if you want, in a long road map that we keep developing to protect our children against different worlds, different exposure that you would not want to have and creating an alert system and a blocking system that help spotting that. You should see as part of kind of a key development as we continue to build up the different categories. 
When it comes to competition, I have to tell you, we see a lot of innovation, start-ups, either geographically located or product category-focused, that bring interesting new ideas. And this is why we like the position we have and we will even reinforce with Avast. We're going to fully up capacity for innovation and continue to accelerate the rate of value we bring into the overall portfolio.
So you should see it as a long-term development and understanding that we continue to move the value and build up that full definition of what cyber safety means for an Internet user.

Yes. No, very good question. So every geography is important. But as you know, Norton came with a more U.S.-centric base, right, 70% of our business coming from there. And when we started as a company 2 years ago, we say, hey, we have a big opportunity internationally, first, with the current product portfolio, and we did that. Then we realized that in many local countries, there's many features that are more free features and introducing in our portfolio the ability to manage a freemium model was important. 
We acquired Avira, and we did a lot of testing and realized that actually combining in one country under the same roof at full life cycle from freemium to premium to full cyber safety platform is actually working, and we were able to grow almost all line of all cohorts when we're doing those tests locally. So that has been, of course, a proof point that give us the confidence to say, hey, the combination with Avast would be definitely a fantastic, very powerful move to offer more innovation to these customers, including the commitment to the freemium. That's number one. 
Number two is we have seen it with Avira but also with Norton. As we continue to move more value up the, I can call it, value chain, when you look at the pyramid at the base, the basic security moving into your data being protected and your data inform a live, protecting your full live, that's an identity or multiple identities and protecting that, we can see both, of course, the value creation of the ARPU going up and then retention actually going up, along with the customer satisfaction. 
We started to launch more combined product AntiTrack, starting at the basic with Dark Web Monitoring in many different countries to introduce the notion of that identity protection. And you'll see us more committed and going to drive that digital identity internationally. In Europe, as you know, digital identity has a different meaning than in the U.S. And so having a presence in each region and understanding the -- both the local market in a global framework is very important, and we'll be fully committed to that. 
The third one, I would say, internationally that we have seen is once a customer gets more of that value that I mentioned under either Norton Identity or different single products, AntiTrack or others, we've seen retention improving. Some of Avira retention improved internationally, and we can see in the various countries. Every country has different -- a renewal rate, but they move up when they move up the value chain and become more a member of a cyber safety platform. 
So that gives you an idea, if you want, of the different levers we will have to continue to accelerate growth as we share best practices with our friends at Avast.

I totally agree with you. Let's be very clear. We know that to reach out the 5 billion Internet users, we can't just do it through a DTC business model. We have to continue to partner, whether it's going indirect to a simple channel or combining with other solutions to offer a better mix or a fully integrated value, combining, for example, an insurance provider and a cyber safety offering, et cetera. So expect us to continue to develop our channels that way. 
I think we mentioned publicly that employee benefit was one of them. That's more U.S.-centric. We've increased our investment a year ago in that, and we now see the fruition to that. There, too, it's not only a channel because then we get feedback around adjustment to the product portfolio, and we can add more value for the employee benefit of customers, so customers that come through that channel. 
We want to be -- of course, we want to move fast. Of course, we want indirect channel to be bigger, but we want to be very thoughtful, making sure that our brand is recognized, that we have engagement with the customers, which is not the case with every legacy indirect channels, making sure we have the ability to continue to move up the value chain of customers. Those are some of the criteria we really consider before really pulling the trigger on increasing an investment in one area. 
But a lot of opportunities there, want to be thoughtful. We're particularly excited -- sorry to come back with all the time with that, but when Avast will come in, they have a VSB/SOHO channel, so focusing on the gig economy or the homeworker person around that cyber safety, we expect to increase that channel as well. So -- and we have none in NortonLifeLock. So definitely expecting direct channel to continue to be an expanding part of our go-to-market strategy.

There's one add I want to say. I know it's doubling down on what I already said, and Natalie mentioned it briefly. But we have a lot of also indirect customers. A year ago, we launched Norton 360 on mobile, Android and iOS. In employee benefits and mobile app, we increased 100,000 net new customers or over 100,000 net new customers in those 2 channels quarter-over-quarter. 
We saw, for the first time, actually, in mobile app, 65%, about 2/3 of the mobile app purchases were Norton 360, which is a very big change. That is impacting how we report the direct customer count. We've made some analysis. Avast, for example, is including the mobile app into direct customers. So as we merge with Avast, we will take a fresh look on how we report this, customer count, so investors can have a full view on how we look at our business across all dimensions.

And when it comes to growth, we balance retention, ARPU, new customer acquisitions. If your question is, can you go higher than the $9 average? The answer is yes. We still have the majority of our customers that don't have identity protection that are just on the core security. Nobody is anymore just on the AV. They have more than just security, like password manager, et cetera, but they haven't really made the leap yet on understanding the benefit of having identity -- digital identities being protected. And I think that's really our effort, creating the innovative portfolio to really drive that increased adoption of identity protection.

Yes, thank you, Paul, and thanks, everyone, for joining us for this call. We appreciate your continued support, of course, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. So stay safe and be well. Thank you.