Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. We were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and FY '18, delivering operating results across the business above the guidance levels we provided on our last earnings call. We're also pleased that we exceeded our full year EPS guidance based on our second half performance and good results from our cost control initiatives.
In Q4, our total revenue was driven by performance in both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety. Our operating margin exceeded our guidance as a result of revenue growth and continued cost and operating efficiencies. We generated strong cash flow from operations, which should benefit going forward from our continued business momentum, deferred revenue and the drop-off of costs associated with our restructuring initiatives. 
In Enterprise Security, our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform gained traction with customers attracted to our value proposition of an integrated platform with best-of-breed solutions. We saw continued adoption in Q4, with our deals greater than $1 million again exceeding 100. We also had a large number of deals greater than $5 million in the quarter.
Our best-of-breed solutions were also recognized by industry analysts. In FY '18, we were named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Managed Security Services; Endpoint Protection Platforms; Cloud Access Security Brokers, CASB; and Secure Web Gateways. We were also named a leader in the IDC MarketScape for Mobile Threat Management in FY '18.
As we've discussed on prior calls, to grow our Enterprise business, we've focused on integrating our Enterprise sales force and our product offerings to bring to customers an Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. We believe our third and fourth quarter results indicate the successful integration of our sales force and the success of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform strategy. 
Now turning to the market and how we are doing with customers. The trend that I described in our last earnings call of increased cross-selling in our Enterprise Security segment continued to gain strength this quarter. Enterprise customers are buying more of our products and solutions, embedding us deeper in their security architectures, and simplifying their environments and cutting costs by consolidating around our platform.
The rising awareness of long-term challenges and higher costs associated with sustaining many fragmented solutions across the Enterprise is expensive and fragile. This has created opportunities within our installed base and with new customers for the platform and product integrations we provide. We are pleased with the adoption of our cloud-based network and web security products, driven by sales to new customers, cross-selling our cloud-based products into our install base and displacing cloud solutions of native cloud  incumbent competitors within existing and new accounts.
I would like to cover some examples that illustrate the trends we are seeing in our Enterprise Security segment. In the fourth quarter, we had a new customer adopt our platform in a 7-figure deal. One of the 10 largest banks in the U.S. found itself struggling with an overly complex and expensive global security architecture. The customer turned to our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, purchasing Data Loss Prevention, Advanced Threat Protection, Web Isolation from our Fireglass acquisition, Data Center Security, SEP, PGP, Business Critical Services and professional services.
In the process, we displaced the DLP solution and Endpoint Protection offering of 2 separate incumbent competitors. This is just one of the many examples of customer transactions driven in part by the need to cut complexity and cost from the security stack while improving performance.
Another critical need for Enterprise customers is ensuring compliance and security in the cloud. This is a rising priority for customers who must contend with more complex regulations and decentralized sensitive data.
In the fourth quarter, we also closed an 8-figure deal with a large global professional services company that adopted solutions throughout our web security stack, including CASB, cloud proxy, cloud DLP and Symantec Endpoint Protection Mobile. We displaced the CASB and web filtering offerings of 2 vendors. With one of the most mobile and geographically dispersed workforces in the world, this customer needed a way to keep their data safe, while enabling easy access and information sharing across their hundreds of thousands of roaming employees.
We also had another new customer win during the fourth quarter with a Fortune 500 enterprise software company that turned to us for help with their advanced threat and forensic security requirements across their cloud infrastructure. This 8-figure deal included security analytics and our encrypted traffic management product.
Turning to Consumer Digital Safety. With 40% of the U.S. citizens affected by a cyber issue last year, consumers are moving beyond device security and focusing on protecting their entire life. The core tenets of our Consumer Digital Safety platform are malware, identity protection and privacy, which are center of mind in consumer populations. This category of Digital Safety is playing out favorably in FY '18, and we have seen our competitors attempt to copy our strategy and partners are beginning to realize it's a better proposition for their customers than a malware-centered security tool.
We believe consumers are seeing the value in our bundled offerings, which offer protection across device, information and identity. And we expect our growth in FY '19 will be driven by further integration of our offerings and increased marketing to drive consumer awareness of our Consumer Digital Safety platform.
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in FY '18 across both of our segments. 
Nick will now discuss our financial results in more detail and provide our outlook.

As I look back on the fiscal year 2018, I am pleased with how we executed for the year. When we launched our new go-to-market strategy in Enterprise at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, we had a vision of how our sales force could market and sell our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. Our strategy is resonating with customers. Enterprise customers are designing us into their security architectures and adopting our platform. As our customer workloads move to the cloud, we have launched a suite of cloud-hosted products ranging from CASB, WSS and DLP in the cloud to bring security into the cloud as our customers make this transition.
Our Enterprise customers are rapidly adopting the subscription-based ratable form factors of our on-premise solutions, based on their evolving buying preference for cloud and subscription form factors, and the breadth and differentiation of our solutions.
Our FY '19 guidance reflects our expectation that our Enterprise Security segment revenue will become more ratable on an annualized basis in FY '19 compared to FY '18. In our Consumer Digital Safety segment, our goal in FY '18 was to start to leverage the significant cross-sell opportunity of the Norton and LifeLock installed base and transform the traditionally PC-centric business to a growing Consumer Digital Safety category. We accomplished this with a platform that includes endpoint security, mobile, identity protection, WiFi privacy and cyber safety in the home. 
In FY '18, our Consumer Digital Safety segment experienced rising ARPU with an annual retention  rate of approximately 83% and digital safety adoption rate of approximately 11%. These statistics validate that our strategy, a cyber safety platform that includes protecting against malware and identity theft and enhances privacy in cyberspace, is resonating in the market.
In summary, fiscal 2018 was a significant year in Symantec's corporate evolution. The latest chapter of which started with the divestiture of Veritas in fiscal year 2016. Since then, Symantec has undertaken 2 transformational acquisitions with Blue Coat and LifeLock, while delivering substantial margin improvement.
In the last year, Symantec continued to sharpen its strategic focus by divesting its Website Security and PKI offerings to DigiCert, and completing several tuck-in acquisitions, including Fireglass and Skycure. We believe our strategy to drive organic growth and leverage our scale, innovation and capital to create industry-leading platform solutions across our Enterprise and Consumer segments is working.
Thank you for joining us this afternoon.