Thank you, Mary, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope you are all safe and well. As we embark on 2021, I think it's important to recognize the sense of uncertainty and the ongoing challenges that we all face as individual or as a society. Despite the social, economic and health issues we are facing, I'm hopeful that collectively, we will emerge stronger and more united.
At NortonLifeLock, the safety and well-being of our employees is our utmost priority, and I want to thank each and every one of them for facing all those challenges, while continuing to show a deep commitment to drive our vision of protecting and empowering people to live their digital life safely.
A lot has happened since our last earnings. On top of delivering another solid quarter, accelerating our growth and adding some exceptional talents to our team and our Board, we also are proud to have been recognized by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation for earning a top score on the 2021 Equality Index. We are proud of the diverse backgrounds represented by our entire team at NortonLifeLock, and we remain committed to building an inclusive company. We know that delivering on our vision cannot happen without a committed, talented and diverse team.
In December, we announced LifeLock's first acquisition. Now that the deal has closed, we are excited to welcome Avira's employees, customers and partners to the Norton family. We are really excited by the opportunity to provide Avira's 30 million users and over 1.5 million paid customers the benefit of the Norton plus Avira offering. Together, we are now privileged to help protect over 80 million consumers globally as we embrace the important responsibility we have in securing their digital life. We are also quickly working to leverage Avira's strong presence in Europe, which now also includes BullGuard, a U.K.-based cybersecurity company that Avira added to their business last year. On top of extending our reach deeper into EMEA, we look forward to adding Avira's and BullGuard's capabilities to our portfolio.  
Before I dive into Q3 results, I want to revisit 2 key post-transition commitments we previously set as a stand-alone NortonLifeLock company. From returning to a growing customer base, a first since 2014, to delivering over $1.5 annualized EPS, I'm proud to say that we have established the company on the trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. We are a stronger cyber safety company today, 100% focused on protecting and empowering consumers to live their digital lives safely. While we are proud of these achievements, we know we have a tremendous responsibility to deliver a portfolio that stays ahead of cybercriminals. We don't take this lightly. As we innovate and work to keep our customers safe, we know that we will be transforming our company for a richer portfolio and expanded consumer reach, and we're just getting started.
In Q3, we delivered solid growth and accelerated our momentum. Revenue was up 6% and non-GAAP EPS grew 52%. Reported billings growth was 10%, our first quarter of double-digit growth. We are closing the fiscal year out strong, and more importantly, we're well on our way to creating a meaningful and sustainable growth business. Leading the growth momentum, our partner business posted double-digit revenue growth, up 15%. Retail was strong in the quarter, performing well through eTail and during the holidays. Internationally, Japan was particularly strong as it relates to identity theft protection solutions, such as Dark Web Monitoring and ID Advisor sold through partners and retailers. Finding the right opportunities and markets to build and expand these long-term partnerships is one of our key strategic focus areas to broaden our reach and bring cyber safety to more consumers in underpenetrated markets. Stay tuned for more developments in this area as we continue to transform the company.
Our direct-to-consumer revenue, which represent the majority of our business, was up 5%. We saw broad-based growth across the portfolio as well as strong performance through the holiday season. While our North America business is considerably larger than the rest of the world, the international growth rate continues to show strength and outpace the Americas. In the quarter, our direct business grew double digits across multiple countries, including Germany, France, Australia and New Zealand, where we have recently added Dark Web Monitoring into our Norton 360 offering. This is part of our strategic push to expand Norton Identity products internationally and bring more comprehensive cyber safety offering to international consumers. We definitely have more room to grow here, especially with the synergies and extended global reach we will be leveraging with Avira and the freemium model.  
In Q3, our direct customer count grew over 300,000 sequentially and close to 900,000 year-over-year, bringing our total count to 21 million. This was our fifth straight quarter of net direct customer adds sequentially. Our customer retention rate remained stable at 85%. Our industry-leading monthly ARPU, average revenue per user, also remained strong at $9. Both metrics are strong indicators that our current customers see the value of our products. Notwithstanding the effect of tenure and geographical mix, we continue to see opportunities to improve ARPU as we enriched the cyber safety value offered to our customers and to improve retention rates, especially in the early years of the customer journey. 
One of the key contributors to our customer count growth and retention success continues to be the Norton 360 integrated platform, the first truly integrated cyber safety offering in the market. At the end of Q3, approximately 60% of our installed base are using Norton 360. This platform is designed to provide a comprehensive protection while driving higher customer engagement. This level of adoption shows that our approach to provide an easy-to-use platform and comprehensive protection through a membership model resonates well with our customers, and we're working hard to continue bringing new functionalities, simplifying the membership plans and constantly improving the user experience. 
The combination of Norton 360 platform, our international expansion effort, and our strategic shift to new forms of digital marketing is working and bringing cyber safety to new customers. Looking back at the last 12 months, we've welcomed approximately 4 million new customers to NortonLifeLock, the majority of which was on Norton 360. We are seeing early improvements in renewal trends with these newer customer cohorts for engaging with this customer differently, communicating with new alerts, measuring what works, what doesn't, and we're able to scale product launches more effectively through our in-house e-commerce platform. At the heart of all of this, it's our technologies and accelerated pace of innovation that enable us to be nimble in bringing new and incremental value to customers. Sometimes, we may run the risk of failing fast, but the reward is that we learn even faster to translate that into success as we move to own the consumer cyber safety category.
With the ever-expanding scope of cyber crimes and the acceleration of the numbers of attacks that we've all witnessed in the news, we know it's critical to focus on product and service innovation to help keep consumers' digital lives safe and to raise the overall awareness of consumer cyber safety across all audience. We plan to continue to release new products and features at an accelerated pace that we have not achieved in years. Let me tell you about a couple of them launched in Q3.
As part of our global expansion efforts, we successfully launched Norton ID Advisor in Japan powered by LifeLock. Here, we specifically targeted retail and service providers to reach new audiences and increase awareness on the value of Dark Web Monitoring. One of the differentiators in this product is the access to a dedicated ID restoration specialist, a Japanese-speaking service agent, to help resolve fraudulent claims from start to finish. Another example is our enhanced Norton 360 mobile experience, which provides customers access to their device security, online privacy and identity features through one single easy-to-use app, making it easier for customers to access and manage their cyber safety tools from one dashboard. This is another example of our commitment to bring a richer and simpler experience to consumer cyber safety.
Looking back, we have demonstrated our continued commitment to grow the top line, drive disciplined operating leverage and pursue value-creation for all stakeholders. It's important to me and our entire leadership team to build credibility and a sustainable and growing financial track record. It's also worth nothing that behind our strong third quarter performance, you will find a very passionate team working hard to fulfill our vision to protect and empower people to live their digital life safely. We think customer first, we innovate and grow, we're scrappy. We own it, we're open, we are authentic. These are the core values we live by, and making the world cyber safe is what inspires us. 
Finally, before I pass it to Natalie, I'm excited to share a little more detail on our recent additions to the Board. Sherrese Smith is Vice Chair and Partner at Paul Hastings, a prominent global law firm. She brings extensive international experience in data privacy, cybersecurity and breach response issues. Similarly, Emily Heath, DocuSign's Chief Trust and Security Officer, brings significant experience in information security, data privacy, in addition to being a key contributor in creating consumer trust to digitally transform an industry. They are both passionate and accomplished leaders, who are already valuable member of the Board team.
And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financial results.

Yes. And it's important to note that the marketing investment is never done in a vacuum, right? We've also launched Norton 360 1.5 years ago, we introduced a bunch of new products and new functionalities into our overall portfolio, and we started to accelerate the spend or at least the penetration of certain international markets. I think as we continue to play on all 3 levers, including the marketing spend, if you want, we'll be able to continue to show good growth and, with the acquisition of Avira, actually, maybe an accelerated growth as we move forward.

I think it's still early. As you mentioned, the first year and the second year retention is where we have the most improvement to achieve. If I look at the out years for those who are in the full portfolio, we achieved the 90-plus percent retention on a unit basis. And so we see the full potential between first year and that 90% is the improvement needed. It has many different operations, increasing the engagement, showing the value, adding new functionalities. 
The result I mentioned is mainly on Norton 360, when we have the ability to show cross-category values if you want to the users, we've seen better retention rate in the first year than standalone product and still early to say, right? We're still in the early phase of renewing the early adopters on Norton 360, but we're very encouraged by what the numbers show.

That's correct.

Yes. Let me zoom out even one more. We definitely see more and more consumer moving their activities online. The pandemic has only accelerated that movement, and I think a lot is here to stay. Along with that, as you know, cybercriminals are adapting, and we've seen an increase in activity there and the awareness from a consumer standpoint to have a cyber safety protection is more relevant than ever. 
We feel good about where we are as a company, both investing, as we discussed, organically and inorganically. We have a platform, the cyber safety integrated platform we've launched, Norton 360, covering 3 pillars: security, privacy and identity protection and restoration. And then along with that, we said we're going to continue and accelerate the growth by doing 3 things. 
One is accelerating our penetration of international markets. The second one was to, while we double down on a direct-to-consumer go-to-market model, explore new go-to-market models, partner with companies like TELUS to penetrate Canada, or explore new business models. Obviously, our membership plan was the first in the market for cyber safety, we'll continue to build on that. And the third one is adding new functionalities, which came with [ some time in ], et cetera. 
When I take those 3 dimensions, Avira plays in all 3. Expanding internationally, we're very strong in Europe. We were #3 market share in Germany. With Avira, we moved to #1, and we accelerate our growth across Western Europe. And Avira to penetrate internationally, many markets will be definitely an asset. The second one, which you mentioned, which is the free model, going to market in different ways is very important. We have the direct-to-consumer on a premium model. We are doing B2B2C consumers. The free model for us is just one more tool in our toolbox. 
As functionalities could become more commoditized, we can have an offer, first access for all consumers to cyber safety using some of those in a freemium model and then using the muscle of cross-selling and upselling and converting to the full portfolio over time. So it's a way of acquiring those eyeballs, if you want an experience around cyber safety to then later on demonstrated that value without spending more in marketing. 
And the third element is they had a few nuggets in their technology. They have a very nimble and creative engineering team and there's some functionalities, like we mentioned, the gaming booster functionally from BullGuard, and we can integrate into our gaming additions of Norton 360. So we'll continue to look at their capabilities from a portfolio perspective to enrich our overall experience. So that's how Avira plays into our growth moving forward.

Yes, when you think about international, 70% of our business is still in the U.S., 30% international. So when you look at the geographical mix of the overall market, it's clear to see that we are underpenetrated internationally. 
So from a core security-first entry point, if you want, Avira will definitely be a strong help. But where we add a real differentiator is when we bring our expertise in privacy and identity management and restoration from LifeLock and make it in the form of an international proposal, which was always the intent when we bought LifeLock, but was late to come as we were trying to find the first angle. 
With Dark Web Monitoring, which is really protecting your multiple digital identities that you have out there, we see a lot of very good, positive feedback from consumers. And so now adding to that Dark Web Monitoring activities, the restoration and helping the consumers to restore claims, when there is some, is definitely also a value-add and a differentiator. I think that opportunity to push Norton Identity international is broad across many countries, and we'll start with the big one. Japan was the first one where we got real roots. We expanded into Australia, New Zealand, Germany, U.K., touching France, and we'll continue to penetrate actively all of the interesting markets.

Fatima, you might be on mute.

Yes. And the great news with our business, digital business, we can run a lot of experiments, so we are not concluding yet from a brand perspective. But definitely, there is a way to get new consumer or address consumers on the freemium model, which has certain functionalities, mainly commoditized, providing value but commoditized. And then it's about adding the past for upselling and cross-selling the different functionalities that today are either differentiators or offered at a premium to the market. And as we discussed, our long-term success is based on that pace of innovation, introducing new functionality all the time. As cyber criminality is evolving, we continue to increase the overall level of protection for consumers. 
From Dark Web Monitoring to restoration services, focus on privacy identity are all the next level. We obviously have a very rich funnel of new ideas that we're working on. And so the freemium is one way, if you want, to get the first access to then see more closely the value of the overall portfolio. For the short term, as you mentioned, we're going to keep Avira separate as one brand and Norton on the other side. But obviously, we're testing different way in terms of branding.

And Matt, if I can add to that taking back outside of the channel, Q3 traditionally has been more of a Norton quarter, and then Q4 has been more of a LifeLock quarter aligned to the tax season in the U.S., where most of our business is protecting identity. So from that perspective, on identity side, here coming into this quarter, we expect a very strong quarter build into Natalie's guidance. 
Now we also are closing Avira and doubling down on Norton Identity internationally. So that's not linked to the tax season but it is definitely new areas whether it's market or product positioning, if you want, for us to continue to accelerate our growth.

I think you're totally right. The first level is continue to increase awareness. I can tell you the highest retention rate is when we have customers who have been breached, and we help them restore what they've had and they're customer for a long, long time. And then the rest, it's about really building up the awareness that is not just breach of your old data or your devices, but it's breach of your personal data and access to your -- as an identity, if you want, or digital identities now. And I think, since the pandemic, when more activity move online, as we mentioned, with that, cybercriminals are adapting and have a wider scope to play in. And it's upon us, as a company, NortonLifeLock, to continue to build a portfolio to show the relevance and staying a step or 2 or 3 ahead of those risk that consumers face.

Yes. I think the value perceived by markets obviously changes. The value perceived by also the pillars that you subscribe to into our membership level also changes, right? So if you are a Norton 360 level 3 customers that has most of the security password managers, VPN access, it's one level ARPU. If you add identity protection and if you add identity protection and restoration, the ARPU will grow. And therefore, from that perspective, that sort of being mainly in the U.S., we are getting a higher ARPU in the U.S. 
And then as you move into Western Europe we start to add some of those identities protection and restoration, so we're able to grow ARPU although it is less than our aggregate, and then if you move into more international closer to emerging markets will have lower ARPU. The way we think about it is really about a set of all combined levers by cohorts and by market. So in aggregate, we may have pressure on an ARPU or retention rate, but as long as we continue to grow more customers and by cohort or by markets, continue to improve the value we deliver to customers, we're moving into the right direction.

Yes. So overall, the business will contribute. On an annual basis, that's at about 3 points of our revenue growth, call it, 75...

Yes. I understand. Yes, and Natalie mentioned, we closed Avira in the early months of January. It's not every quarter exactly the same. There's also a bit of seasonality. But if you model it, you are somewhat in the same level.

Yes. Let me take the product first. Forgot the question -- what is the question again on product?

Yes, mobile. Sorry, sorry. Yes, yes, yes. So mobile, very important user experience, right? And we acquired through multiple channels. I know in the past, as security started on the device, then on a desktop, then moved to a laptop, then moved to a mobile. I get very often the question of, wow, do you need security on new cell phone, for example? 
And the answer is we've moved to a user-centric view of cyber safety, which includes security, but also identity and privacy. And we see a lot of our customers using their cyber safety dashboard and tools, both on desktop and on tablet or cell phones. And therefore, mobility from a user experience perspective is hugely important to us. Simplifying that experience as we continue to enrich the value is also a core element of our investments. So you'll see more around simplifying, making cyber safety easy to use, to consume and giving consumers full peace of mind. 
In terms of the channels, we have a direct-to-customer, and I'll pass it to Natalie. And we have a second angle, which is partnership. It's very important for us to continue taking that user perspective, to work on B2B2C offering, combining our value-add with other offerings to provide full total protection to consumers depending on their situations. And I think that's the one we approach. It's not only device hardware-centric world, but it's really a user service-centric world that we're taking as an approach. 
Natalie, I don't know if you want to add anything on that?

Yes. Well, it all starts with our vision, right? We want to both protect and empower everyone that's connected to the Internet to live their digital life safely. That's our vision and that gives us a wide range of opportunities to fulfill that we have not fulfilled yet. 
And so when you look at our overall strategy, I would say, number one is continue to scale up the cyber safety platform. Three pillars today: security, privacy and identity, and building that up. As we continue to do that, adding digital services that address the vision is very important, and we continue to do it. Increasing into the gaming verticals with new functionalities, now integrating some of the BullGuard functionalities that are really interesting. And so we have a long list, if you want, of opportunities that we are working with our engineers and our product people. 
And then the third element, of course, is to continue to expand outside of the U.S. to be a truly global and reach out everyone, the 5 billion connected to the Internet that have a digital life online.

Yes. So we have, as LifeLock, had a mix of integrated third-party technologies and own algorithm that builds on top. So it's a mix of the 2, and we'll continue to build up on that to offer it not only in Japan but across all countries. Someone was asking, hey, if you launched it in Japan, why don't you launch in all countries internationally? Exactly for that reason because you want to adapt your data architecture, your sensors and your approach to the country and the data that's relevant in each country. And so we're taking a country-by-country approach to build up the solution.

Thank you, Ann. The overlap between the physical world and the digital world continues to grow. More and more activities are moving online, from shopping to socializing, almost every aspect of our life has a digital component. Unfortunately, many of those activities are left unprotected or weakly protected at best, leaving many doors open for cybercriminals. 
Our vision is to protect and empower people to live their digital lives safely. And while we have already accomplished a lot since we launched NortonLifeLock over a year ago, we're just getting started. We plan to leverage our leading technologies and integrated product portfolio, our relentless focus on customer experience, our trusted global brand, our unmatched scale and direct distribution as well as a growth-focused financial model. If I have to summarize it in 4 words, I would say, our future is bright. 
Thank you for joining and for your support, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon.