Thank you, Mary. Welcome, and good afternoon, everyone. So before we dive into our first quarter results, let me start by addressing the possible combination with Avast. We confirm that we are in advanced discussions with the Board of Avast regarding a possible merger. As we've said many times, M&A is a key part of our strategy and we're constantly looking at potential acquisitions and investment opportunities, some small, some larger in size. 
We believe in being disciplined in our approach and playing for the long term. So if or when we have material developments, we will share those with you. I'm sure you understand that today, we will not be able to answer any question related to specific cases. 
So now with that out of the way, just barely over 2 months ago at our Investor Day, we shared with you our long-term strategic path to meaningful and sustainable growth. And the ambitious big goals we set then should tell you everything you need to know about our opportunity that we see in front of us. Big, audacious goals are not achieved in the short term, of course, but quarter-by-quarter, strong execution creates the momentum that would allow us to meet our long-term goals. And Q1 is just that, a strong execution and solid results that put us right on track to achieve our ambition. 
We are off to a strong start to fiscal year 2022, with solid financial results for Q1. The direct-to-consumer demand for cyber safety remains a global opportunity, and our Q1 results are evidence of that evolving and underpenetrated opportunity. Overall, Q1 performance was in line with short-term and long-term commitments. Bookings and revenue growth were 12% and 13%, respectively, and EPS grew 35%. The we sustain our growth momentum in Q1, managing our business through the unpredictable macro environment and the transition to post-pandemic environment in many parts of the world. 
At the heart of it, it is critical for us to focus on product and service innovation. This is the only way we can stay at the forefront of the ever-changing scope and sophistication of cyber crimes and offer consumers the best in cyber safety. In the first quarter, we unveiled 4 new products, doubling the number of new product introductions compared to a year ago. As we have said at our Investor Day, it is about being nimble, showcasing our ability to move faster and being better by learning along the way. 
Let me tell you about a couple of these product releases in Q1. As planned and previewed, we launched a very first integrated product with Avira called Game Optimizer. This new feature on Norton 360 platform is designed to maximize gaming performance while strengthening security, freeing PCs from programs that are typically running in the background and hogging CPU system resources. This is another tool in our expanding toolbox, and we're excited and eager to give gamers tools that they not only need but want. 
Another new product is Norton Crypto. While the seed investment is in its infancy, it is another example of how we are committed to innovation and how we are looking to enable and empower the digital lives of consumers. Digital currency is becoming an increasingly important part of consumers' digital lives, and this feature allows you to use your idle PC time to earn digital currency. And our Norton Crypto Wallet allows you to track, transfer and store earnings in the cloud. 
We accelerated our pace of innovation to be the first cyber safety company to provide such a feature to help ensure our customers have a safe and easy way to mine crypto without having to make trade-offs that could compromise their cybersecurity. 
As we transform our company to offer a richer portfolio, we've also made great strides in extending our overall consumer reach. In Q1, our direct-to-consumer revenue which represents the majority of our business, was up 11%. Our global expansion efforts are working as Q1 growth was partly driven by record growth in international. While our North America business remains larger than the rest of the world, the international growth rate once again outpaced the Americas. 
Similar to last quarter, our direct business grew double digits across multiple countries, including the U.K., Germany, France, Australia and New Zealand. We continue to make great progress in leveraging Avira's freemium model to broaden our reach while accelerating their free to paid conversion using our marketing capabilities. 
Another area of strength is our partner business, which posted double-digit revenue growth for the third straight quarter, up to 29% in Q1, including Avira. Key channels continue to drive the growth from employee benefits to online retail and service providers. As part of our all-in effort to build the most comprehensive go-to-market model, we recently expanded our partnerships with Lenovo for our OEM business. Selected 5G Lenovo laptop PCs will be pre-installed with Norton Security and VPN app available now in selected markets. While our OEM business is small, it demonstrates that we will continue to explore all avenues to reach customers. We've been highly engaged in various opportunities and markets globally in our panel business. Our goal is to continue to build and expand these long-term partnerships and increase cyber safety awareness everywhere. 
In Q1, our direct customer count grew over 150,000 sequentially and including Avira, over 2.5 million customers year-over-year, bringing our total direct customer count to 23.1 million. This was our seventh straight quarter of net direct customer adds sequentially in a quarter that has been historically down sequentially driven by normal seasonality.
Our customer retention rate remained strong at 85% as we drive new initiatives to further improve retention overall and within specific products and customer cohorts. As we shared at our Investor Day, we have started multiple operational initiatives targeting areas of improvement such as our first year cohort or geographies with different customer profiles. Customer satisfaction and retention will continue to be a long-term focus for this leadership team. 
Finally, before I pass it to Natalie, I want to reiterate our core values and our inspiration to fulfill our vision to protect and empower people to live their digital lives safely. We think customer first, we innovate and grow we're scrappy, we own it, and we are open and authentic. These are the core values that push us to be better every single day to make the world cyber safe.
Quarter in, quarter out, we have been and continue to exercise financial discipline and reinforce our cadence of innovation. We have demonstrated our ability to grow this business relentlessly building a strong financial track record with consistent and accelerated growth. We are far from being down, of course, and we're just getting started as we look to transform our company to redefine consumer cyber safety. And with that, let me turn it over to Natalie.

Yes, I can talk about capital allocation. But first, let me talk about the overall strategy moving forward is really about investing into innovation, bring more product to redefine cyber safety, investing, Natalie talked about marketing, but broadly defined investing in the more solid go-to-market model.
We know that this market is still vastly underpenetrated when you take a broad definition of cyber safety and reaching out to our customers is very important. We said it at the Analyst Day, we are operating management team that create levers within the P&L. So improving capacity to drive more innovations, more productivity there, more marketing spend. But we are also using all levers of our business, including the balance sheet and there you talk about the capital and capital allocation.
It's not rocket science. There are really 3 areas we use capital for. One is for inorganic investments, and we talk about M&A and all capitalized investments. The other one is buyback and the other one is dividend. And we use all 3 in a balanced way. Now when we talk about balanced way, it doesn't mean that every quarter it will be balanced. Also last year, over 12 months, it was exactly 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, but we really take a very long-term view of our business when it comes to investment and use of cash.

So to be very clear, right, so we are under strict rules, we cannot talk about specific case and I want to make sure we follow all the rules, including the U.K. rules considering the -- one of the cases I think, as you know. So I'll remind you what we said in May in terms of the broad business. We talk about our long-term aspirational view and we said that we have multiple levers at a high level split between business growth, efficiencies and then use of capital, and use of capital, we talk about just the capital allocation model, which is two-pronged, the buyback and the M&A.
And we said that the way we manage the business in the long term, all of those levers should be contributors to our long-term aspiration. When we think about more tactical capital or capital structure, we look at again, they are too at all levers, all possible with our long-term ambition goal in mind to make sure we achieve those. And I'll leave it at that, and hopefully, you understand that we are under strict rules we intend to respect fully.

100%. So Symantec kind of almost own the majority of those channels in the past decade ago or past 6, 7 years ago, those relationships have long tail, and we still have a little bit of those into our business today. As you know, the economic on a long-term basis, take a 7-year or 10-year view requires more investment upfront and then profitability over time as you -- total customer value has a long tail 6, 7 years. So that's how it works.
When Symantec decided to really focus on maximizing the profit of the consumer division to fund the enterprise turnaround, they made certain decisions. When we became NortonLifeLock, 100% focused on consumers, really maximizing the protection for digital lives of every consumers connected to the internet.
We said, and I'll confirm that today, we look at always to reach the customers, all go-to-market channels. It's just they have to make sense financially in the short, mid- or long-term view and we'll go and develop the best, most diversified distribution channel for reaching all those consumers, creating the awareness and fulfilling the demand. 
As part of that, I also said we don't have anything that we want to exclude from and obviously, relationship with PC manufacturers, although we are focused on the user experience and the Internet and the cloud digital lives is one of the ways that could be favorable. 
And so the relationship we announced with Lenovo or the few remaining relationship we have in our current distribution channels are important, and we'll continue to look at creating capacity in our P&L to go and develop all channels, if you want to go to consumers.

Yes. Totally good. So your point on the 2. And I'm sure Saket mend them behind his questions, which is this is the first full quarter where you're leaping the first big growth we had as we entered the COVID locked-in periods last year, as you remember, starting in March, but really impacting this quarter. So it's the first time we have 3 months, a full quarter of 12 months looking back and a lot of investors and a lot of people were wondering where we're going to be able to maintain a customer account growth.
And we definitely have seen the impact of a lower quarter Q1, as you know, when in summer, people get out and they're less into their digital lives. But I think the progress we've made in expanding the need for cyber safety platform, which is different than just a PC antivirus, if you want, has shown, and we were able to maintain not only a year-over-year growth but a sequential growth, which is pretty extraordinary considering in Q1, while Q4 is a big quarter with the tax quarter and then normally Q1 sequentially is down and we're able to grow it. So very happy by the results. As Natalie mentioned, it's in line to what we had embedded into our guidance. So we are on plan and put a big deposit into our full year plan. 
The second question I get from investors is those people or those customers that signed in for the first time during the COVID period, are they going to renew at the same level?
And what we have seen in now 4 months looking back March to end of June, we've seen very renewal rates. Now they are first year renewal rates so that are lower than average 85% but the first year renewal rates a year ago, 2 years ago, are in line to what we saw this quarter. 
We believe it's an opportunity to improve retention rate by specific -- or driving specific operational initiatives around the first year cohort and customer satisfaction and experience. But we have not seen a change in behavior with what some of you may have called the COVID cohort, if you want. 
The third question I get is around Avira. Avira was slightly below in their retention rate, below our average Norton customers, but not that far behind. And despite the addition of a little bit less than 2 million Avira customers, we've seen an overall retention rate for our business that maintained around 85%.
And I have more details and we've not made them public for obvious reasons, but I have more details, and I can tell you that with improved on every line and Avira too continues to have a solid although small incrementally a solid performance on both acquisition and retention.
In addition, they have a third dimension we are learning or we're building is really the free to paid conversion and we've redeployed some of our marketing capacity and capabilities to drive and increase that conversion rate as well. So we're very pleased by the performance of all of our lines of businesses.

Yes. As we mentioned last quarter, the Avira ARPU was roughly half of our Norton ARPU, more focused, of course, on the security. And so it lowered our aggregated ARPU that was at $9.10 before the acquisition to $8.80 when you take the aggregate by the pure fact of adding new customers that only had exposure to security plus a few other products, but didn't have exposure to a full cyber safety platform.
And from here, we continue to see good traction on ARPU. Now as you know, as we continue to acquire new customers and be a net grower overall, the first year ARPU is lower than the multiyear. And so the headwind from that first year cohort growing is then offset by the slide but consistent and incremental improvement from the Norton 360 and the upselling to the portfolio.

So I just want to be clear when you call dip and every time -- I'll see that I want to be sure we qualified correctly. Last year, Yes. Last year, we grew sequentially between 100,000 net new customers to have 400,000 net new customer depending on the quarter. We also know that Q1 and Q2 had a seasonally low quarter on a sequential basis, and then Q3 is more security driven and Q4 is a tax identity-driven quarter.
And so growing 150,000 quarter, while it's less than Q4, of course, a last quarter, it is a very strong performance in a first seasonally low quarter sequential net customer adds. So it's right on our plan. It's right on our short-term and long-term commitment. Do we -- would we want to have a higher awareness and penetrate faster? Of course, but we feel pretty good about that plan. 
What is the impact of the COVID or post-COVID market opening versus the normal effect of more people being in summertime on vacation, the month on the beach and less on their digital life that we cannot say. And I think it will always be a business that in the winter is a bit more dominant than it is in the summer.

Yes. And for those of you from NortonLifeLock that are listening, I want to thank you for driving a spirit of growth. I can tell you since we became NortonLifeLock, we told everyone, look, the opportunity, also we committed to a mid-single digit, is much bigger than that. Look at the underpenetrated market. It is a business that had not been invested enough in the past as they shifted from partnership, the OEM mainly into direct-to-customer and build a very strong direct-to-consumer engine. 
We said it will be much more diversified and go in every areas. There is no one salesperson within our go-to-market way that doesn't come during our weekly or monthly reviews and say I have a new idea, should we invest in that? And Natalie and I are going through the reviews, look at the investment and decide to invest.
We have increased our sales capacity in a few of the channels. I mentioned a quarter or 2 quarters ago, our employee benefit channel that has been growing double digit and we continue to build that up. Mentioned, of course, the OEM's still small, but we can do more. We have our xSP business that continue to grow. 
And then Natalie mentioned that between online and physical retail balancing it and really strategically moving through the different opportunities by local market has always been an effort. Recently, a few months ago, we also started a country-by-country strategy that look at all of our different channels, if you want, and trying to balance our investment in a coordinated way at the local level, and that also is bearing its fruit. You should see us continue to invest in our GTM organization.

I think the latter part of your question is the right one. I still get the question around competition and is it like McAfee or Microsoft on antivirus? And what is -- we see the market cyber safety is much more broad. -- antivirus almost being kind of a free or commoditized product and building up the cyber safety platform around identity, around privacy, around new digital services, if you want, is really where we see the demand.
And in Europe it's definitely driven by new concerns around identity and privacy. We introduced Dark Web Monitoring in many of those countries. We are trying to build a richer portfolio around Norton Identity for all of those customers. And you touched at the opportunity to cross-sell. Currently our strong focus on identity into an Avira freemium installed base is a huge potential. It won't happen over 1 quarter, it will multi-quality to build that offering and drive that awareness and then that conversion. But it's a huge opportunity for us, for sure.

Excellent. Thank you, Chino. Well, let me be very short. Thanks for joining. Thank you for your support. Obviously, we'll continue to drive our business towards our long-term ambition, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. Thank you.