Thank you, Soohwan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased to report that we delivered better-than-expected results in Q3, the first quarter of NortonLifeLock as a stand-alone company. We delivered revenue above the high end of the range supported by bookings growth of 4%. EPS was $0.25, up $0.09 from a year ago and well above our guidance, driven by strong execution and lower stranded costs.
We have accelerated our transition to become the pure-play leader in consumer cyber safety, and we are driving towards our annual target of $1.50 EPS. We have delivered on our commitment of returning more than 100% of the net proceeds from the sales of our enterprise business to Broadcom by paying a $12 per share special dividend on January 31 and starting a $1.6 billion share repurchase program in December.
Before I go into more detail, I would like to thank all of our employees. Achieving these results in a quarter in which we completed the sales of our enterprise business is another testament to the operational discipline and the dedication of our team. These encouraging results speak for themselves, but let me give you a few more details.
Since the close of the sale of our enterprise business on November 4, we have been removing stranded costs at an accelerated pace. Previously, our estimated cumulative stranded costs post close were $1.2 billion with cash cost of $900 million to remove these stranded activities. We have accelerated our transition to be done in Q2 fiscal year '21, 3 months ahead of plan. Cumulative stranded costs post close are now tracking to less than $1 billion in total, of which $750 million are in cash. We are making good strides towards exiting or rightsizing the cost base to achieve target operating margin of 50% for the total company by the end of the transition period.
In addition, we made significant progress towards our goal to monetize and dispose of underutilized assets to more than offset the stranded cash costs. We recently closed the sales of our ID Analytics business for $375 million in cash. In addition, we received the first round of bid for the sales of our soon-to-be vacated properties, including our Mountain View campus. We now project the cash proceeds from the underutilized assets to be approximately $1.5 billion, significantly higher than the $1.1 billion we previously estimated on our last earnings call. When you combine the $10.7 billion sales of the enterprise business with the $1.5 billion in monetization of assets less the $750 million in stranded costs, we project to generate roughly $11.5 billion in gross proceeds directly or indirectly related to the sales of our enterprise assets. Wow, I know Rick would be very proud. Even after taxes, which are now lower than initially expected and the return of a substantial amount of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks, we are left with meaningful capacity to invest and sustainably grow our consumer business.
When I started as CEO, I talked about some key priorities for us in the short term: first, establish credibility by consistently delivering on what we say; secondly, accelerate the transition to quickly get to a long-term business model with 50% profitability for the company; and lastly and more importantly, free up investment capacity to return the company to sustainable growth, delivering on the full potential of a stand-alone consumer business. I also said that it would take time to reach our full potential. I think it goes without saying that we have delivered on our commitments in terms of executing on the sales of the enterprise business, accelerating the elimination of stranded costs and maximizing the value of our underutilized assets.
As for the ongoing consumer Cyber Safety business, this quarter, we delivered bookings growth of 4% year-over-year and increased net subscribers by 66,000 sequentially while maintaining our operating margin over 50% when you exclude the impact of stranded costs. It is the first positive quarter of net customer adds in a long time, but to be fair, 1 quarter does not make a trend. While customer count is stabilizing, our focused execution and reprioritized investments have us on the right path to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Our strategy is working.
I will pass now the call over to my business partner, Samir, for more details on our product initiatives and selling motions.

Thanks, Matt. Very clear. Let me now provide our Q4 outlook and also discuss our long-term growth strategy for NortonLifeLock. In the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $595 million to $605 million, excluding ID Analytics which closed in January. We will continue to drive the business for growth, which is expected to continue to yield low single-digit bookings growth in Q4, ultimately delivering revenue growth in later quarters.
We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.20 per share based on assumptions of flat share count with the business operating at approximately, sorry, 50% profit margin when excluding the stranded costs. As we exit our transition period upon elimination of the stranded costs and with a full benefit from share buybacks, we expect the operating margin to reach 50% and annualized EPS to come to approximately $1.50.
Fiscal year 2020. So as we turn to previous marketing investment levels primarily targeted at direct acquisition programs in the U.S. and worldwide, we will continue to invest in our distribution and product road map. While these initiatives take time to generate revenue, we are encouraged to see 2 consecutive quarters of 4% billings growth year-over-year. We believe NortonLifeLock is well positioned to continue our market leadership by offering a simple, reliable path to cyber safety. Our mission to protect our customers' digital and connected lives is reflected in our commitment to make the world safer.
Our transformation is well underway. We have become much more nimble and customer-focused, and we are on track to achieve our near-term goals to remove stranded costs and lay the foundation for growth. For our mid- to long-term goals, we're excited by the opportunity to deliver innovative solutions to protect consumers and produce sustained revenue and earnings growth with strong cash flow generation for our shareholders.
As I told all of our employees, it will not be a linear path. There will be challenges along the way, but the opportunity is tremendous, and our focus is on protecting and delighting consumers with innovative solutions.
And with that, Matt, Samir and I are now happy to take your questions.

Yes. So as we mentioned in prior quarters, right, we've increased our marketing investment to go back to prior levels. There were 3 sets of actions we've done with those investments. The first one was really to move from long-form marketing to social media and other new areas in which we had not been marketing in the past. So that's one shift. The second one was to really move from mainly being U.S. centric to be more international. We've been growing in Europe. We've been growing in Asia Pacific, and that, of course, is to support a new product launch. So those are important factors. And then we've aligned our marketing investment to the rollout of Norton 360, our membership structure, making our customers aware of the incremental value we provide them through the membership.
When you raise the noise level, if you want, in the market or the awareness level in the market, you have a long way to go in terms of improving the productivity of those marketing investments. So I do believe that while we've raised it here in fiscal year '20, we have opportunity to gain productivity from those investments going into fiscal year '21.

And Saket, just so we're clear, we have multiple TSA agreements depending on the function of the area or the countries, and so they have different time lines in terms of stopping. Once the service is over, then either the costs are immediately shut down or come back into the normal OpEx until we shut them down. So it's definitely a dynamic P&L, and we're focusing mainly on getting towards the end of the transition period, making sure that 100% of those stranded costs are being eliminated.

Yes. So we have our traditional long-form investment, TV, radio, et cetera. Those have been very efficient, low CAC and strong return and continues to be that way. We now have redirected some of the marketing investment into social media and other new avenues. And we see early success and sign of newness, if you want, going into those channels. So we'll continue to invest, monitor that and optimize our customer acquisition cost as we learn about those channels. Want to add anything, Samir, on that?

Yes. So 2 things. On renewal, we share every quarter but we shared that I think 1 or 2 quarters ago that we are around slightly under 85%. The renewal rates have been extremely stable. Overall renewal bucket has continued to contribute into the growth overall, so good stabilization.
The second comment around, let's call it, avenue or distribution of the growth and going into every way to reach customers, we're mainly, obviously, a direct-to-customer acquisition and distribution company, but we look at all aspects. On the OEM side, we have we have 1 or 2 as you know, and we look always at all options making sure that we do not overlook anything. We have no specific plan to share today, but we'll continue to look broadly, as always, to reach our customers.

Yes. So a couple of comments. The first one is you're right. The first one is Q2 2018 when there was a breach with Equifax if you remember. So I would say it's the first quarter in a very, very long time that we are growing sequentially, structurally without a specific event being driven in the market, which I think is very, very encouraging. Now I would still call it, although it grew 66,000 sequentially, I would still call it like kind of stabilization mode. And the early sign of success has been mainly of raising the marketing investment to then review where we are marketing our products and making consumers aware of the need and the product, so moving into new channels that we discussed and moving internationally. And then afterwards, because we are a product company, obviously, continuously launching new products, and Samir talked about the new functionalities, Norton 360, a new concept for membership fee, you can access to all of the functionalities on our portfolio, and that's got really good reception.

So the first objective for us outside of growing our consumers is really to move and increase the adoption of our Norton 360 membership structure. We launched that in April. So as Fatima mentioned earlier, we're going to hit the 1-year renewal event. And at different point of the life cycles, we have the opportunity to continue to demonstrate high value and upsell.

No, absolutely. So we sold a few assets, a partial ownership in DigiCert business, the ID Analytics, and then we're revising based on the price at which we sold those assets plus the first set of offers that we got for most of our facilities that we put for sales.

Yes, thanks for the 2 questions. I'll start with the growth. Booking growth 4% for now 2 quarters in a row, customer count growth are 2 very good leading indicators of the future state of the business and what it will mean for the revenue line, which is more of an accounting line. If you go back to the end of fiscal year '19, we had revenue decline, we had deferred balance decline, and we had customer count decline. And what you see today in the -- on the revenue line is the impact of those metrics 12 months ago. So obviously, as I mentioned, booking growth and customer count growth are 2 operational metrics that we are really driving for, and achieving these results, I would say, are early sign of success. I would not call them yet sustainable growth, but they're definitely encouraging signs. We are on the right path to deliver on our strategy.
In terms of the cash flow, you mentioned the cost on the continued operations P&L. You also have discontinued operations and restructuring, all of which impact cash flow. And this quarter, in Q3, we also had the collection of the accounts receivable from the enterprise segment since the deal from Broadcom did not take the AR that were preclose. So it was really a higher quarter due to that. When we peel down our cash flow statement and look what's linked to our consumer business, we're well on track to deliver our $900 million free cash flow annualized for the quarter if you want or by the end of the transition period.

I'm not exactly sure what you referred to, but I really want to detach our view as an end point security provider and much more back to the membership, Norton 360, of course, offer security as a basic view for new end point devices, but it also offers privacy to our VPN offering. It offers identity protection. It now moves internationally with Dark Web Monitoring, and we are much more a company offering a cyber safety membership, if you want, creating and helping to design that category as a new category for consumers.

Thank you. Thanks for joining us today. While there is a lot to feel good about, our transformation will not be linear. We still have ways to go to deliver sustainable growth and delight our customers. We need to keep delivering innovative solutions to make the world cyber safe. I am confident that this team can build on early signs of success. This first quarter inspires us to reach our full potential as the pure-play leader in consumer cyber safety. It is an exciting start for our journey as NortonLifeLock. Thank you.