Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. For the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we posted operating results above or in line with our guidance. Our top line results were driven by both our Enterprise Security business, which achieved revenues above guidance, and solid revenue performance from our Consumer Digital Safety business, which grew 5% year-over-year.
We achieved operating margins of approximately 32%, 4 points above the high end of our guidance range, and we generated strong cash flow from operations of $240 million in the second quarter, up 36% year-over-year.
We were pleased to announce the completion of our Audit Committee investigation on September 24. Audit Committee investigations can be a distraction both internally and externally, and the conclusion of our investigation allows us to enter the second half of FY '19 with a renewed focus on technology leadership and execution.
Turning now to a discussion of Enterprise Security. As we enter the second half of fiscal 2019, I would point out that our fiscal third quarter and fourth quarters are seasonally the biggest quarters for our Enterprise Security business, illustrated by our delivery of over $1.7 billion in implied billings in the second half of FY '18.
The Enterprise Security sector is highly competitive. However, it is important to remember that our Enterprise Security business scale is unmatched in the industry. We have 86% of the Fortune Global 500 as customers. Our solution stops over 140 million threats every day. We operate 9 global threat response centers with over 3,800 researchers and engineers across Symantec. Our scale helps us create technology leadership that is recognized not only by customers, but also by third-party industry analysts. Industry experts rank Symantec as the leader in Endpoint Security, Secured Gateway, Data Loss Prevention, Mobile Threat Management and Managed Security Services.
Our Enterprise Security customers are recognizing that our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform offers superior protection, cross-product integration and lower overall cost of ownership. In the cloud generation, the cost of ownership for our customers is a significant budget increase to prior models. We believe we lead the industry in the lowest total cost of ownership while delivering a more effective cyber defense solution.
In the second quarter, Enterprise Security implied billings were down 3% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, as we continue to experience longer sales cycles in our large multiproduct platform sales. Despite the challenges we experienced in the first half of the fiscal year, our pipeline remains healthy for the second half. We have sufficient sales capacity to capitalize on this opportunity.
Symantec commands a substantial global installed base, and we continue to realize adjacencies to our existing endpoint and network franchises as we execute on our cross-sell strategy. Enterprise Security customers are recognizing that the breadth of our platform is enabling them to consolidate vendors under better economics, while strengthening their cyber defense.
Here are 5 customer examples from the second quarter. One of the nation's top 10 banks signed an 8-figure deal. This was a Proxy expansion due to the customer's transition to the cloud. We were able to successfully provide consistent security policies across their environment in both an on-premise and cloud setting, enabling a direct-to-Internet experience. This customer example further validates our Integrated Cyber Defense strategy, where customers are trusting Symantec for adjacent products and services.
In a 7-figure deal, an existing customer in the oil and gas industry in Latin America purchased our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, led by our Proxy products. We displaced an incumbent security vendor cross-selling Symantec's Endpoint stack with our malware sandbox solution figure. In addition, the customer purchase DLP, ProxySG, CAS, Encryption, SSL, VIP and cloud proxy. 
One of the world's largest real estate services and investment firms based in the U.S. competes in an industry where the sales force is geographically dispersed. Data protection in this highly dispersed endpoint environment led the firm to displace their incumbent DLP vendor and adopt our DLP and CASB solutions to better manage controlled information in a highly dispersed workforce. 
A large multinational financial services company based in the U.S. was a former ProxySG customer. After a short experience using a competitor's cloud proxy solution, this customer decided to migrate back to Symantec's solution due to our superior performance and product features. This customer understood the advantages of our platform approach and repurchased our ProxySG and cloud proxy coupled with our integrated WAN optimization solution.
After completing an 8-figure Integrated Cyber Defense Platform deal last year with a large multinational investment bank and financial services company in the U.K., we closed a 7-figure follow-on deal with the same customer in Q2.
In addition to their need for increased on-premise and cloud proxy capacity, the successful deployment and value realization of their fiscal 2018 purchase resulted in additional cross-sell opportunity. The customer purchased CASB, VIP, ProxySG, cloud proxy, email and advanced threat protection, displacing 2 incumbent vendors. This is another great example of the power of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform to create cross-sell opportunities within our installed base.
I'll now discuss some highlights in our Consumer Digital Safety business. Our integrated platform continues to drive ARPU growth year-over-year and sequentially. With Endpoint Protection, identity protection and privacy as the core tenets of our platform, we have seen our solution resonate with customers as they look to move beyond device security and protect all aspects of their cyber life. This platform strategy allows Symantec to transcend hardware refresh cycles and transform the traditional PC-centric Norton business to a Consumer Digital Safety category, which brings enhanced value to our Consumer customers.
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. And as we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we expect to recapture momentum in our Enterprise Security business, driven in part by our sales capacity and cyber defense leadership. We expect to see continued performance in our Consumer Digital Safety business, where both digital safety adoption and retention rates have grown. These factors provide us with a solid base for future renewal and cross-sell opportunities.
Our platform approach and brand in both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety should enable us to leverage our unmatched scale to deliver results in the second half of FY '19 and beyond.
I'll be back with additional remarks after Nick discusses our financial results in more detail and provides our outlook. Nick?

Thank you, Nick. While we achieved revenue above guidance in the second quarter, we are reiterating our view of our full year fiscal year 2019 guidance as we maintain a cautious stance moving into the second half.
In Enterprise Security, we are concerned about the momentum loss in the first half. And in our Consumer Digital Safety business, our direct customer count in each Q1 and Q2 were slightly down both sequentially and year-over-year. 
On the positive side, we have a healthy pipeline in our Enterprise Security business, which is supported by the seasonality in the back half of this year. As I stated at the beginning of the call, in Q3 and Q4 of last year, we demonstrated our ability to deliver industry-leading Enterprise Security billings results and expect to do so again this year. And in our Consumer Digital Safety business, we are seeing ARPU increases, driven in part by successful cross-sell as well as retention rate increases for our direct customer base.
Looking forward, we remain focused on our strategy to drive growth, operating cash flow and value creation for our shareholders. Our growth strategy is underpinned by our ability to leverage our growing installed base to drive cross-sell and upsell opportunities while expanding our customer base. Our laser focus on customers and our technology leadership enables Symantec to protect consumers and enterprises from an increasing threat environment.
Our technology blocks over 140 million threats a day and protects over 300,000 businesses, and to date, has blocked over 5 billion WannaCry attacks. Our technology is critical for protecting our customers' identity, data, businesses and reputation. As we saw in the malware crisis of calendar 2017, customers don't have time to think about what to do when the malware attack happens.
Catastrophic damage from attacks has been reported to take place in less than 7 minutes. We are pleased to deliver technology that directly addresses this risk. Prevention matters and Symantec is a very effective platform for preventing cyber attacks. Thank you very much for your time. 
Nick and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes, good question. Good job on CNBC this morning, as well, Gabriela. You did good there. I -- we did close deals that had slipped out of Q1 and Q2, that's definitely the case. I do believe we're still cautious on the length of time it takes to close them. As you know, we announced the completion of our investigation on, I think, it was September 24, at the very end of September, which was 5 days before the end of the quarter. And we do have a healthy pipeline as we go into the back half of the year, as we commented on in our prepared remarks. There is a good chunk of that pipeline that is large deals as exampled in the -- examples I gave you on the conference call. Those deals, because there are a lot of products that's involved, sometimes they're taking longer, and I believe it is just going to be more difficult to close these huge deals than it was prior times. They are more competed for, there's more pieces and it's bigger and they are a little bit more complex. And so we are planning, as we talked about, I think in Q1, that we are planning a longer time for the pipeline to close. You're getting to the outlook. I think we do have the sales capacity in place and the pipeline in place to reach similar numbers like we delivered last year, and that's taking into consideration that longer sales cycle.

So a couple of things come to mind there. Sorry that -- we do take a close watch on sales capacity. And so making sure that we have enough tenured sales capacity in our go-to-market function to back the amount of business that we need for the quarter. We have intolerance attrition in our sales force and our calculations on sales capacity are good for our forward guidance. So that is something that we really care about as well as what is the shape of our sales force right now. We're happy with that. And we couple that with what is the bottom's up view of our pipeline. We have a large sales force, and we do, do a look at the pipeline from a bottom's up point of view, and we are happy with the amount of opportunity that's in our pipeline for the second half to back what's happening. I think the -- as we mentioned before, we did see a slowdown in the close, the time to close took longer for larger deals. We do have a reasonable amount of those in our pipeline and that's where the softness in the first half has come from. So we -- looking forward, we do like also the seasonality of the business. And in our prepared remarks, we talked about Q3 and Q4 being seasonally bigger quarters for us. I think that's underpinned by the end of the calendar year as a good time for Enterprise deals and also our fourth quarter, which is the first quarter of next calendar year is the beginning of the new budgets. And so we do see higher business levels in Q3 and Q4, which also give us some strength towards our guidance.

Saket, good question. So we -- in our network solution, we have a number of form factors, we had to get it. Pure cloud proxy is an important one. We also have virtual appliance proxies and our hardware proxies. We offer our customers all 3 of those. And most of our transactions include a substantial element of our cloud proxy, even in the event where we are in the business of refreshing some hardware stacks that are still inside of an account. We usually are attacking a substantial amount of roaming users or branch offices to our cloud proxy and our pure cloud proxy sales are also substantial in our business these days. So we definitely see the cloud-based solution being an essential factor of most of our bids. I think we've got a very competitive offering in that space and have investment in there that is definitely in it to win it for the long term. That's a very important focus for our company.

Good question. So we did report in our prepared remarks, we've had a slight decrease in members in the total number of members in the business, but we also reported an increase in ARPU there and what that has driven from us is from the cross-sell opportunity that we have. So when we did the acquisition of LifeLock, we had a case for that cross-sell and we're happy with the business case, and that is working for us. So we do find that the conversion rate between a renewal, whether it be LifeLock or Norton traditional folks, as they look at the cyber safety offering that we're offering now as a bundle, where we have malware, privacy and identity protection in one thing. We're seeing a good purchasing of that bundle which is driving an ARPU increase. And privacy is a very important topic in these times, and we're seeing some very strong uptake of the Symantec product in that cross-sell also.

So let me take the first one, and then I'll pass it on to Nick. So we feel that our offering is resonating very well with our installed base and also with even net new. We still have a very strong acquisition budget in place in our Consumer business, and we do see that offer of the combined set of offerings being very competitive, and we are still happy with our conversion rates across that upsell. So we got a long way to go of being able to grow our ARPU within our own customer base. I think we also have a renewed energy on partnerships in the world, and making sure that we can go to market with other memberships, and I think we're going to look to the future also, be able to get some more growth from partnering with other companies as we address their customer base. So we like the ability to continue to grow our Consumer business for the long haul, and we think that our cyber safety positioning is very strong, especially with the attention that's happening in the world today around consumer privacy and identity protection being a big piece of that. So we think we got a long way to go in that business.

Yes, I think the Endpoint is a hotly contested environment as we're all aware. And cyber defense has a lot of startup companies and heavily funded venture-backed organizations that are chipping away at it. We are pleased with our product effectiveness. We have been rated as the best, not just on the size of our business through ability to execute, but also in the vision side. We have also been rated the best by Gartner in the last period on Endpoint. And we are very effective in the Enterprise context around protecting against malware in the endpoint, whether it'd be through traditional signature-based detection and prevention technologies as well as our AI. Our AI has been extremely powerful in detecting and preventing cyber attacks, and so we think we're competing well there. From a question that you asked on our renewal rates, I think we've had some good wins in Endpoint that I talked about in some of the prepared remarks. We are taking accounts away from others. And I think we're pleased with our renewal rates. And I think if you look at some of the other bigger players in effectiveness of Endpoint, we are a lot, lot better. And so I believe that some of the growth we're seeing in the other startup companies that are maybe executing reasonably well is coming out of other people's share.

Yes. So thanks for the question, Brad. I think we have a substantial footprint, U.S. federal government, across both the defense sector and also the civilian side. So we were very happy with our installed base in federal. I think federal was not an area for outperformance in the first half. And a few factors to consider there, we did see an extension of the annual budget in the federal year-end to be granted a 2-year budget, I think some pressure that used to exist in prior periods suspend everything in the September time frame was alleviated this year. Going forward, we feel very good about our relevance in the federal government, our partnership with the federal government not just in the United States, but also globally. And that, I think, we're well positioned to pick up some adjacencies in that market as we go forward.

So just to answer your first question, I think the directors that we added to our board are excellent executives and very experienced directors, so we're very happy with the addition of the directors that came in from Starboard, so I have nothing -- there's no -- nothing but accolades for the contribution that they make, they are very seasoned and experienced people. And also Dale Fuller is an example of someone who has deep domain experience both in Consumer and Enterprise Security and Peter Feld and Rick Hill, I think their resumes stand on their own. So I think we feel that we have a very strong board. We have a very decent set of diverse points of view on our board and excellent governance, as you can see, from our 10-Q.

Yes, so I think demand in Europe is strong. And if we look at the history of European performance, we're not seeing any slowdown in what's going on in cyber defense in Europe. I think I covered a substantial example in the prepared remarks that was European -- our European pipeline is in a great spot, and we feel very positive about our ability to execute in Europe, especially with the backdrop of cyber problems, the size of companies in Europe and our brand is extremely strong in all the major economies in the territory. So I would go further to say that softness experienced in the first half has not been experienced in Europe.

So as we think about the U.S., pipeline is very strong. We have a business case that can't be ignored when we have the best, arguably, the best product in the category, and 3 of those products need to be integrated together. We go into a customer with an integrated set of things that they would have to buy individually and integrate themselves. That value proposition, both from a cyber defense effectiveness point of view and a total cost of sustainment, which is the long haul in cloud, is a very strong business case in the United States. We have a very healthy pipeline and the slowdown that we saw in the first half is in the majority in the U.S.

Yes. So that's a good question for folks on the line. ATP is a very powerful advanced threat platform that works well with all of the Symantec portfolio, but it's extremely powerful as an EDR element for Endpoint. That has been a great success story for us. We have a very strong attach of ATP to the Symantec endpoint installed base.

So how much visibility we have into the pipeline, I'd say, visibility of our hardware installed base is very good. We can see them. They get signatures and virus and bad website definitions from us all the time, so we know where they are and we like our situation in our hardware footprint. As we move forward, we have offered our customers a very easy path to migrate from that footprint to pure cloud and many of them take us up on that and quite a few of them enjoy a hybrid environment where they have some of that and some cloud as we talked about before, but we are pleased with our network attach. If you look at the 5 examples that I gave in the prepared remarks, you'll see some pretty substantial network proxy footprint in those examples.