Thanks, Soohwan. And good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Since we closed the sales of the enterprise business, we committed to return to customer growth, drive sustainable revenue growth, complete an overhaul of the cost structure and deliver a healthy profit.
In just our second full quarter as NortonLifeLock, our first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we delivered better-than-expected results with strong reported billings growth of 9%, revenue growth of 4% and EPS growth of 48% year-over-year.
As we created NortonLifeLock, we believe in the potential of a business solely focused on building personal cybersafety for consumers. We initially set our sights on sustainably and meaningfully growing customer count and delivering revenue growth in the mid-single digits.
In Q1, we delivered both sequential and year-over-year 400,000 net new customers, a first since 2014. Revenue growth was 4%, meeting the long-term objective of mid-single digits in just our second full quarter.
At the end of June, we eliminated 95% of the stranded costs, and we expect to be done this month, 1 quarter ahead of plan. In Q1, included stranded costs, we reached 47% operating margin for the company, up 15 points year-over-year, and expect to reach 50% by September, another one of our commitments.
If you exclude the stranded costs, the Consumer business has been running above 51%, better than our operating margin target of 50%.
Our Q1 EPS was $0.31, which included a $0.04 impact from stranded costs and is up $0.10 year-over-year. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect to run the business at our target of $1.50 annualized EPS, which can be achieved by virtue of mid-single-digit revenue growth, operating margin above 50% or utilizing our remaining $600 million share buyback program or some combination of any or all of them.
Finally, we projected to run the company at $900 million annualized free cash flow after the transition period. While we have been and are running at that level in Q1, excluding cash spent on stranded costs, we are tracking for those levels to be reflected in our cash flow statement once our financials are clean of stranded costs in the second half of this year.
As we demonstrated the operational discipline with which we want to continue to operate, we made it a priority to build out our post-transition leadership team. This quarter, we welcomed new and accomplished leaders with deep experience in consumer technology. Natalie, who you will hear from in a minute, brings operational skills with a growth mindset. Overall, we added seasoned leaders from very successful consumer technology companies. These leaders are joining us for our mission to bring cybersafety to every consumer around the world. We believe the company is uniquely positioned to seize that tremendous growth opportunity.
Our initial lever to restart the growth was to increase our marketing spend, which, as you know, is our main way to reach new consumers and educate them on the benefits of our solutions. As we maintain a consistent messaging level in the market, we saw increased efficacy.
Our overall customer acquisition costs continue to benefit not just from lower ad rates related to COVID but also from our own initiatives to shift marketing spend to new digital channels, including search, social media and digital video.
In terms of reach, despite the global strength of the Norton brand, we had not invested in international marketing in recent years. We reversed that in Q3 fiscal year '20, and we are beginning to see the results from those investments. The strategic shift in our marketing efforts have broadened our reach, and we are making steady progress in reaching younger and international customer cohorts.
As of the end of Q1, we counted 20.6 million customers who buy our products or services directly to our e-commerce platform. This represents an increase in net customer by 379,000 sequentially and 416,000 year-over-year.
Our Q1 growth was broad-based with growth across both the portfolio and the geographies. We grew both in the U.S. and internationally across all regions. The increase in international customer count outpaced that in the U.S., another first in a long time here.
Supported by trends like work from home, virtual meetings and online shopping and transacting, we saw both our security and identity product categories grow sequentially and year-over-year, another first in a very long time.
Our average revenue per user, or ARPU, remained strong at $9.03 per month even as we recorded strong net additions.
Our retention remained very strong as well at around 85%, suggesting that customers recognize the value and stay with us for a long time.
In addition to our direct business, which accounts for about 90% of our revenue, we also have a partner organization developing new ways of distributing our offering to individuals.
In Q1, we grew our indirect revenue 11% year-over-year. In retail, our performance on Amazon and other e-tailers offset the weakness from traditional stores being shut down or operating with limited hours. Our indirect sales also benefited from the strong performance of employee benefit programs, our fastest-growing partner channel. We are seeing strong growth from new employer acquisitions and greater participation within existing employers.
Furthermore, while we're still in the early stages, I'm also pleased to report progress in our long-term partnerships with organizations like TELUS and AARP. Although it takes time to develop and ramp up new relationships, we believe in the long-term potential to expand our reach and continue to grow.
Growing through new marketing channels and various forms of partnerships and consistently messaging our value proposition to them is extremely important. Our new Chief Commercial Officer, Robert Clarkson, has significant experience building out global partners and platforms over his tenure at PayPal. His passion is around consistently delivering the customer experience throughout the customer journey and lifetime. That is the reason we regrouped our direct, indirect and renewal sales organization under his leadership.
Our vision is to keep people around the world cyber safe. We believe it is our responsibility to provide everyone with innovative products and solutions to protect and control their digital lives. That vision was the impetus for creating the Norton 360 integrated platform, and we believe customers are starting to see it. The vast majority of new customers are now coming directly to Norton 360. And as of the end of Q1, over 40% of our installed base was on Norton 360, up from approximately 25% at the end of Q4.
This penetration is important as it enables us to offer comprehensive cybersafety and the one common experience to seamlessly upgrade our platform with new features like home title protection and to increase the engagement and with that, the retention of our customers.
Some of our platform features might continue to be offered as stand-alone products where it makes sense for our customers and helps accelerate the growth of our company. Last quarter, we talked about SurfEasy VPN as an example of a stand-alone product. This quarter, I want to share a new example that demonstrates how we constantly are looking at new ways to protect people and their highly dynamic digital lives.
Some customers want help limiting the public availability of their own personal data. Surf the web, and you will likely see that a lot of your personal information that you may not want out there is readily available, such as name, age, addresses, phone numbers.
Privacy Monitor, which is available as a feature with Norton 360 with LifeLock, scans for personally identifiable information, or PII, accessible on the most popular people search websites. But taking control of this data is tedious at best and often too complex. Recognizing this consumer need, we developed and beta-tested a product called Privacy Monitor Assistant. It's a white glove service where our agents, assisted by software, find and delete all your PII on this data broker website. Wouldn't you pay for a reasonable fee to secure your personal information?
It's still early, but we have seen positive response so far, and we think this capability has tremendous value for our customers. This is a good example of how we can continue to fulfill our vision by protecting our customers and enhancing the control they have over their digital lives. It's also a good example of how our service capability, combined with software, can differentiate us from competitors. We have a large customer base that constantly uses our service and provide us with insights we can turn into new features or products.
Growing through innovative products and solutions is key to fulfill our mission. That is why we have put product management and R&D under our new Chief Product Officer, Gagan Singh. Gagan has a passion for technology and, in particular, how artificial intelligence and machine learning can help build cutting-edge products. He was particularly interested in our internal research team and their capabilities.
This June, our research team released BotSight, which can be downloaded for free as a browser extension or iOS app in a targeted effort to enable people to identify disinformation on their Twitter feed. BotSight's technology is based on machine learning and leading-edge algorithm. It looks at over 20 different distinguishing features such as age of the account and tweet frequency to detect Twitter bots and show them directly on feed in real time. We are now looking to advance this technology and extend this capability to other use cases and threats.
Before I pass it to Natalie, let me take a minute to step back and talk about our vision to deliver cybersafety to every person across the globe. Even before the world was tossed into turmoil, our mission was relevant as the digital world is taking over how we work, learn, shop and basically live our lives. Now with COVID-19, our mission is more important than ever. Clearly, this pandemic has accelerated people's reliance on technology, and we are seeing the impact of that increased activity online to the number and variety of attacks on consumers.
Attackers have elevated their techniques on stealing information, disrupting sites and cascading malware through phishing attacks, camouflaged test tracing apps, social engineering for trained COVID vaccines and poisoned websites emulating stimulus benefits, all resulting in an increased need for security, identity protection and restoration and privacy solutions. These are just a few of examples of the many threats facing us now that more of our everyday activities are done digitally.
So while there is a lot of uncertainty at the macro level, one thing is certain: There is a real need for cybersafety for individuals, families and homes. Through innovative products and expanding distribution channels, our mission is to meet that need and provide cybersafety to everyone.
And with that, let me pass it to Natalie to give you more details on our Q1 financials.

Thanks, Natalie. In the last 8 months, we have turned NortonLifeLock into a growing leader with distinct competitive advantages. We have eliminated stranded costs. We have built a consumer-centric leadership team. We have reinvested into our go-to-market model and reinvigorated our product development team. I am proud to say we have delivered on all of our initial commitments.
But as we have increased our execution capabilities, our ambitions have also grown. We have our sights set on our mission. Consumers are beset by constantly evolving cyber threats. Our current platform is just scratching the surface of what can be done, and we're now singularly focused on innovating on our consumer cybersafety vision.
We have a large engaged customer base, terrific technology capabilities an innovation pipeline and significant financial resources. Combine these things with recurring revenue, high margins and significant cash flow, and you can see why I'm super optimistic about our future and long-term growth potential.
And with that, we're now happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. And as I do that, we have to go back to where we're coming from, right? When we broke out and decided to focus solely on the consumer business, our thesis has been that cybersafety will become more and more important for everyone as we move more and more of our activities online. And cybersafety doesn't just mean security, security for your device, security for your data. It also means privacy, protecting your identity and including services to restore it when it can't be prevented. So it's an overall umbrella that we know we have -- well, we are building in the long term. There are a lot of applications and fields that we still need to fill in that portfolio and build up the category. So we believe the thesis, if you want, is a long structural one. So that's number one.
Number two is the division at the time under Symantec had not invested in marketing, as we discussed in the past, and we reaccelerated marketing as a way to communicate our message to consumers. We raised our marketing envelope by $100 million on an annual basis. We also said that the efficacy of that marketing investment, if you want, has to swap over time as we consistently deliver and spend in market. And then we started to tweak that marketing investment, moving to new channels of marketing, moving to new regions, and starting to market in Europe, for example, where we had not marketed in the past. So those are contributors, if you want, for the return to growth.
Then we said, "Hey, the most important is product." In April 19, we launched the first version of Norton 360, an integrated platform addressing 4 pillars: security, privacy, identity, protection and restoration and you entirely, family and homes, if you want. And we still are in the process of rolling that out. I believe it's very attractive for consumer to adopt that overall umbrella for a membership fee having access to all of those areas and having a peace of mind.
And then the last one is -- then COVID-19 happened. And definitely, it changed the way people operate online. Is it a peak change? Or is it a step function? I don't know. But we believe in the long-term view of building up our portfolio and creating awareness to drive growth.

Yes. No, absolutely. So before the pace, I want to say, we put a business model out there. And we say, hey, we're going to grow at mid-single-digit and operate the business at 50% operating margin. And I don't have to remind you that 8 months ago, I think the majority of people were doubters. We delivered on that business model, at least a quarter ahead of plan. I think we've proven we can operate at these levels. We reduced the headcount from the Symantec company, 12,000 people, to today where our business model should be around 2,500. And for this first time in a long time, we shifted from restructuring to hiring talent where it makes sense. And I can tell you, it's definitely energizing for the entire company to talk about hiring the right talent, the right skill set.
We are hiring engineers in Dublin, where we're trying to create a prototype lab over there. We're hiring in threat analytics. So we definitely are building up the functions. We have a few new leaders. I mentioned Gagan and his passion around machine learning. Robert came in and has a passion around the customer life cycle. Both of them are coming up with proposal for investment to accelerate the growth. And I can tell you, I'm super happy to have Natalie here. So I found my match in terms of CFO skill set, and she and I will partner, trying to prioritize those investments to accelerate our performance.

Yes. No, absolutely. So first of all, the employee benefit program has been a grower channel for us or a growing channel for us for a few quarters. This quarter, it was very strong performance that offset the physical retail weakness, of course. The overall proposal, I think, is the #1 attractivity, Norton 360 is an overall that offers with you identity protection. Also the security element is a big one. Today, if you take employee benefit, right, at a very macro level, the U.S. company spent $37 billion on employee benefits, this 5.6 million employers and that there are programs address a few thousands. So we want to bring on new and unique solutions to more employers. And at very basic level, after obviously upgrading the platform, it's really about sales and sales coverage. So you'll see us continue to invest in that area.

No, absolutely. So we said it now for a few quarters, our #1 objective was to return the company to growth and the #1 priority in our metrics was to attract more customers so they can experience this cybersafety program. Moving into new demographies in terms of age, if you want pyramids as well as new geographies was an important objective. As you know, we're now marketing in Europe. We partner with TELUS in Canada.
And then in terms of demography and reaching out, we're moving from traditional form of marketing into newer forms, social media, digital videos. I was looking obviously at quarter in, quarter out. You cannot always map it. But I was looking at the long trend, 2 years trend. If you look at 2018, our Gen X plus baby boomers were over 70% of our total customers. Today, that group is around 55%, and the rest into newer cohorts.
So we'll continue in that trend. We'll continue with that effort. We launched a gaming addition of Norton 360. And as we develop programs, we're going to have in mind this need to reach out.

Yes. We're still refining our approach, but I would say, over the last couple of quarters, specific last quarter, mature countries in Asia, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, in Europe, Germany, France, U.K. were high performer for us. We're definitely pushing one message when it comes to marketing awareness, and it's under Norton 360. The ability and unique competitive advantage to offer a cybersafety blanket for consumers is our main value prop. This is our way to build that vision to ensure that everyone can get that digital life safe. There are some cases where we lead with specific stand-alone products, and that's market specific. We can go into more details. But overall, we charge with Norton 360.

Yes. So I'm not obsessed by market share, especially because today, market, the way they are defined are by pillars. You have the security -- traditional security pillar, then you have the identity pillar. You have still [ forming one's waste ], privacies, privacy the new frontier of security or its own stand-alone set of markets.
Frankly, we're really working, as we said, about acquiring new customers and delighting those that we have, and you've seen that we've done somewhat of a good job with our retention of 85%. But we'll continue to improve there, and that's our major focus. If we continue to focus on innovation, building up the portfolio and trying to build that cybersafety vision, I think that's the race we want to run.

I think if you're interested in SP&A role, we have a job for you. You're totally right. You've seen it. We first invest in the U.S., we mature our CAG, we have good return. We're now moving from traditional form to digital form, playing ahead. 2 quarters ago, we started to do international. International, we studied directly more digital and social media, leading the charge with Norton 360, as I mentioned. We're still building up new identity feature and privacy features and dark web monitoring being expanded into new countries in Asia, next quarter into Europe. So we definitely are behind the U.S., but it's faster-growing, and we're very focused on building up that international presence. I think it's a huge opportunity for us moving forward.

So you have a new leadership team. For them achieving mid-single-digit was the entry point. Okay. What's next? Where can we go? What do we do? This vision is fantastic and full of opportunity. And so we discuss and we agree that accelerating the growth and making our solution more complete and available to more consumers is our #1 mission.
Now we're running the consumer business, slightly above the current operating margin target. I'm not going to change it, so we still intend to run the business at 50%. In some quarter, we'll find operational efficiencies. We don't have an immediate reaction to spend it, but we have plenty of new ideas to fund to try to accelerate the growth. If we're able, and I think we will be in the long term, to accelerate that growth, I would say, growing EPS faster than revenue is our segment metric. We won't be bounded by ratio or percentages. It's really about accelerating the top line, growing -- and growing EPS faster than revenue.

Well, I think we are global leaders. I have to invest in developing the portfolio and developing the marketing and sales channel. I have to invest in direct digital media and building up on the opportunity in the employee programs. And with Natalie's help -- and I can tell you she has a growth mindset, but it's very analytical. So we'll use data to prioritize those investments. Canada is a huge opportunity, penetrating the identity space internationally where digital identity, and I would say [ think ] identity are growing very fast, are all huge opportunities for us.

Short of giving you name targets. Look, we've owned the credibility of looking at also growth inorganically or organically. So our process really start with the portfolio in the market to build up cybersafety, what are the gaps and the other applications we can build on. And then we have real-time assessment on organic capabilities or time-to-market needs versus what already exists, whether it's a prototype, a product or a fully developed business. And then at the end of the day, if all matches, it becomes a financial decision. So I think we've earned the credibility. We have the operational chops. From the whole management team, leadership team and company, including the Board, is focused on growth from all sides.