Thank you, Mary. Welcome, and good afternoon, everyone. We've come a long way since we became a consumer-focused stand-alone company exactly 2 years ago today. As I reflect on NortonLifeLock transformation, I'm extremely proud of our team. We committed to operating within financial discipline and bringing meaningful and sustainable growth to this business, and we have delivered. We have relentlessly been building a strong track record and remain focused on meeting our long-term objectives. 
As you've heard me share before, we are focused on driving growth by improving customer experience, scaling our integrated cybersafety platform and accelerating the pace of our product innovation from core security to trust-based digital solutions. By putting our customers first and relentlessly executing to our plan, we believe our long-term goals are within reach.
Our strategy is working. And as we delivered another quarter of solid and consistent growth, Q2 revenue was up 11%, with high single-digit growth in bookings. We are delivering strong profitability and continued EPS expansion up almost 20% year-over-year. Our high single-digit bookings growth was in line to our long-term objectives and is reflective of our normal seasonality, with the first half of our fiscal year historically being seasonally lower.
The start of Q2 was impacted by expected weaker summer demand and COVID reopening as more people mobilized or prioritized to travel and other activities. As we balanced all of our operational metrics and investment, we finished the quarter with strong momentum, delivering our eighth straight quarter of net direct customer adds sequentially. Our direct customer count grew over 178,000 sequentially, and we added over 2.6 million customers year-over-year, bringing our total customer count to 23.3 million.
In Q2, our direct-to-consumer revenue, which represented the majority of our business, was up 9%, with ARPU growing slightly quarter-over-quarter and unit retention stable. We have continued to build a richer and more robust product portfolio, as we reach more consumers on a global basis while driving higher engagement with our existing customers. Our Net Promoter Score continues to improve from low 40s last year to 49 this quarter, reflecting our focus on customer experience and providing peace of mind to our customers, as they live their digital lives.
Our international expansion efforts continued in Q2 and grew double digits, similar to last quarter. We continue to invest in our freemium model, as it increases our consumer reach and awareness, and we are encouraged that our nascent expansion into identity internationally is now available in more than 20 countries across Europe and Asia. It is a critical component of our ability to provide more value to our customers outside of the U.S., replicating the success we have had with ID Advisor in Japan, where we combined Dark Web Monitoring with elements of restoration. 
Our partner business posted double-digit revenue growth for the quarter for the actually fourth straight quarter, up 25% in Q2. All channels contributed meaningfully to these results. Amongst those, the employee benefits channel delivered another very strong quarter. We've expanded beyond the United States, offering our employee benefit solutions to Canadian employers and unlocking a broader customer base. Our investment in this area are paying off, as we have strengthened our sales team and market coverage in the last few quarters. We intend to expand our overall partner business, and we will continue to invest in our multichannel approach evaluating all potential opportunities and markets globally.
Overall, we are on track to our plan and committed to investing in what we see as a long-term secular growth opportunity to develop the best cybersafety portfolio for consumers. As a result, we continued to accelerate the pace of our product innovation pipeline, as we work to bring cybersafety to every digital user and release products that help protect consumers' devices, privacy and identity.
We opened the quarter with the release of Norton Utilities Ultimate, a new performance maintenance offering that helps create a faster and smoother and more secure experience for consumers, whether they're gaming or browsing or streaming content or more on their Windows PC. We expanded Norton family with new features, including Favorite Locations, to help parents establish approved geographic locations and receive notifications when their child's device arrives or departs those set locations. We also introduced Alert Me, which helps parents stay informed about their children's location by setting specific dates and times to receive automatic check-in alerts from the location of their child's device. Both of these new features were quite timely as many kids headed back to school in person.
On the Identity front, we added PayDay Loan Lock to selected U.S. LifeLock plans to help block the opening of fraudulent payday loans and other short-term loans. And we've added new features like social media monitoring in more markets to provide consumers with broader protection, as their digital footprint expands.
As awareness grows globally for identity protection, we continue to evolve our road map to protect our customers and provide the most relevant products and features to new audiences. As we continue to strengthen our privacy pillar and help provide additional ways for consumers to control their online privacy, we released Norton AntiTrack in the U.S., a new app and browser extension that helps prevent websites from tracking and profiling users in ways normal private browsers or VPNs cannot do. That way, people can protect and control their digital footprints from companies and websites that track online activities and collect or sell their personal data. 
We've seen positive momentum from this new product release as consumers are seeing ways to protect their privacy. And I'm pleased to share that Norton AntiTrack has expanded now to APG and EMEA earlier this week. Privacy overall is 1 of the 3 pillars of our cybersafety portfolio, and we should continue to see investment in this area to help consumers manage their privacy and reputation online.
In Q2, we also released our first environmental, social and governance report. This report highlights NortonLifeLock's ongoing pledge to bring together our team, expertise and technology to help build a safe, inclusive and sustainable future. We are making good progress on this front, and I'm proud of all of our employees, the commitment we have made together to develop a responsible company. I encourage you to check all of our achievement in that area on our IR website.
Additionally, we were recognized by the Business Intelligence Group 2021 Sales and Marketing Technology Awards or what they call The Sammys, which ranked NortonLifeLock as one of the top medium-sized companies of 2021 for innovation in sales and marketing technology. We were recognized for our efforts upgrading customer service operations with the development of a new internal sales platform that was built by our own in-house engineers and launched in the spring of 2021.
This technology enable us to better deliver key customer services within a single easy-to-use interface. The platform also replaced a legacy vendor-supplied solution, driving cost efficiencies for the company. This is a great example of the team's living our value. They advocated for the customer. They were empowered to take initiative to identify the opportunity, and they delighted customers while improving our business operations. And more importantly, they delivered.
Before I turn the call over to Natalie to discuss the financial results, I would like to provide an update on our proposed merger with Avast. We have made great progress, and we continue to be enthusiastic about the combination of the 2 companies and the opportunity to accelerate innovation in cybersafety. We crossed an important milestone today with NortonLifeLock shareholders voting to overwhelmingly support our ongoing transformation through the proposed merger with Avast with the next key step being the Avast shareholder votes scheduled for November 18. 
We're also actively and collaboratively working through the antitrust and other regulatory processes in all relevant jurisdictions, and we believe we are on track to close mid of next calendar year 2022, as previously stated. Our strategy has been to protect and empower consumers as more and more of their lives move online, and this transaction will allow the combined companies to invest in and accelerate innovation for new cybersafety products.
And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financials.

If I can add just a few step back, Saket, quarter in, quarter out, obviously, we represent bookings so investors can understand the underlying metrics. But revenue and bookings trend about the same way, not every quarter, but on a multi-quarter trend. And we guided revenue for next quarter 9% to 11%. Again, we don't guide bookings, but we see this trending somewhat in that range.

It's a good question, Saket. I'll give you the short Belgium answer. International is not big enough. Today, it represent about 30% of our business. As you know, we acquired Avira to accelerate our growth internationally. As you said, a lot of good efforts initially are offering in those outside of the U.S. countries did not include identity elements. We now start to build up the portfolio to move above and beyond that security, moving into protecting the digital lives, exploring element of restoration and so what I call solutions, which includes services. 
I think on a long-term perspective, outside of the U.S., we have a huge structural growth opportunities. Obviously, the proposed merger with Avast will boost all of that. It will be more balanced. When I look at different industry technology or even the demographic, as you know, we should be more 40 in the U.S., 60 international versus the reverse on a unit basis, and we're going to continue to expand.

If you don't mind, I'll take it and I'll step back a little bit in a broader context. First, as you know, we've acquired Avira. Our #1 objective is to scale our cybersafety platform. And you're going to see us continue to invest into the freemium model, expanding the freemium model to above security, expanding to other countries, and that's our first point of entry we would love that the 5 billion Internet users are all fully consciously protected from cybercriminality.
When it comes to then our ongoing prices, obviously, pricing structure and how do you upsell and move to a premium model have different structure. First, your price, as you know, as a promotion to get in the first time you get in. And then you have the renewal price at the normal MSRP that we have set. And then we're tracking the dynamic of cost, inflation, competition in every country. It is a dynamic environment. It is a competitive environment. And so our pricing philosophy follows the value we provide to the members, as we continue to add new product and new value to that membership. Then customers opt to higher level of membership, and that's the whole business model that we have described.

Why don't we wait 1 minute to see if there's nobody? Last time, there was no more question. We had 2 minutes later plenty of questions trying to get in. So let's check 1 more time, operator, if you don't mind.

Okay. Well, we obviously are always, as management, very open and available for any questions our investors or analysts would have. We'll have plenty of one-on-one sessions between now and the next few days. I do want to thank our shareholders that have overwhelmingly approved the issuance of shares to -- for the acquisition or the merger with Avast. We see that as a vote of confidence, confidence into our strategy, confidence into the specific transaction, confidence into the Board and management. So thank you, everyone, and we'll be connecting very soon.