Thank you, Rick. I would like to thank Rick for his leadership and partnership. There are many good things that Rick brought to this company. The most important, he made us believe that through great execution and teamwork, we can tackle seemingly and surmountable challenges. Closing an asset deal of this magnitude within one quarter while running the company is the perfect example of the leadership he provided. On behalf of everyone, thank you, Rick.

Although Rick already shared some key highlights, it is worth repeating them. The sales of our Enterprise business for $10.7 billion closed on Monday. The annualized stranded costs are now estimated to be $1.3 billion, down from $1.5 billion. The stranded costs are planned to be eliminated over 12 months at an estimated cash cost of $900 million. The estimated cash cost of $900 million is expected to be more than funded by the sales of real estate and other assets, primarily comprised of multiple campuses that are now for sale and are expected to be sold by mid of next year. 
We proudly launched our new company name, Norton LifeLock and designated Tempe, Arizona as our new headquarters. We start already to rightsize our cost structure as reflected in our 8% sequential decrease in headcount. We delivered on our commitment for Q2 revenue. And even better, we delivered better-than-expected operating margin. 
We have a lot of work in front of us to build a vibrant consumer company, and as demonstrated by our Q2 achievements, there is no better team to deliver on that promise. Today, I've accepted the role of CEO as we transform into a consumer pure-play. Samir Kapuria has been promoted to President, and we have named Matt Brown, our current and talented Chief Accounting Officer, as Interim CFO. We have also launched a search for a new permanent CFO to be in Tempe. I look forward to partnering closely with Samir, Matt and Hugh and everyone at the company. 
As this quarter was under my CFO responsibilities, I will review the Q2 financials. 
In Q2, we moved the majority of our Enterprise Security business into discontinued operations. While we had to change our reporting structure, it's important for me to give you a view of our results as compared to the non-GAAP guidance we provided on August 8, which would have included both continuing and discontinued operations. 
Total company Q2 revenue was $1.187 billion, flat year-over-year and in line with our guidance. Consumer revenue was $595 million. And Enterprise revenue, $592 million. Operating margin was 33.9%, up 220 basis points year-over-year, exceeding guidance of 31% to 33%, with Consumer segment margin of 50.1% and Enterprise segment margin of 17.6%. Fully diluted EPS was $0.46, exceeding guidance of $0.40 to $0.44 and up 10% year-over-year. 
As mentioned, the majority of our Enterprise Security segment moved under discontinued operations. So under our new reporting structure, in the second quarter, revenue from our continuing operations was $608 million, flat year-over-year in constant currency. Continuing operations now includes revenue and costs from our ID Analytics business, which was formerly included in the Enterprise Security segment and which contributed $13 million to Q2 revenue. 
While our Q2 reported cost structure is complex and burdened with stranded costs, our core business remains on track. Under continuing operations, we reported $92 million in cost of goods sold and $338 million in operating expenses, which equals to $430 million in total spend. Spend related to stranded costs in that continued operations P&L was approximately $130 million in Q2. Therefore, the remaining spend, approximately $300 million, was related to our Consumer Cyber Safety business and equates to approximately 50% operating margin, in line with our target consumer model. 
Due to accounting reporting requirements, for the next 12 months, our stranded costs will be located in multiple places in our P&L. Some will be in continued operations, some will be in discontinued operations, and some will be in restructuring. We will give you as much visibility as possible as we eliminate these stranded costs. I've learned through my career that it is better to overcommunicate it during times of changes. I want you to leave this call with confidence that we have full visibility to our cost structure, and that detailed transition plans are in place. I will be directly accountable to remove these stranded costs as soon as possible within the next 12 months. 
In Q2, our cash flow from operations was $181 million with free cash flow of $154 million. We ended the second quarter with cash and shorter investment of $1.83 billion. On Monday, we announced a successful refinancing of our debt to extend upcoming maturities with our total debt level unchanged at $4.5 billion, as previously communicated. 
Before I pass it over to Samir for more details on the Consumer business, I want to highlight the fact that we have a renewed vigor as we focus on the Consumer business with a sole objective to solidify our growth plan to return the business to mid-single-digit revenue growth in the long term. 
In Q2, we increased our marketing investment, primarily targeted at direct acquisition marketing programs focused on our Norton 360 membership offerings. Although it will take some time to flow the revenue line due to -- to flow to the revenue line due to subscription nature of the business, the reported billings growth of 4%, equivalent to bookings growth in consumer, is an early encouraging sign of the growth potential of that business. 
And now let me turn the call over to Samir, who will do a deeper dive on Q2 consumer results.

Thanks, Samir. Let me now turn to our Q3 outlook and also discuss our capital allocation plan. In the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $602 million to $612 million or down 2% to flat year-over-year. We will continue to drive the business for growth, which is expected to continue to yield low single-digit bookings growth in Q3, ultimately delivering expected revenue growth in other quarters. 
The timing and scope of the transition service agreements we have with Broadcom for the next few months and the complicated accounting treatment of the stranded and restructuring costs, as well as the elimination plans, can make the quarterly breakdown of our forecast spend more dynamic.  Based on our plan today, we expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS for our continuing operations to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per share based on a share count assumption of approximately flat sequentially, with our core business operating at about 50% profit margin and the rest of the spend made of stranded costs. 
We are not providing Q3 GAAP EPS guidance due to extraordinary charges, more significantly the gain resulting from the sales of our Enterprise Security assets, which could yield $3 to $4 in GAAP EPS in Q3. 
While we provide guidance for the next quarter and we have our eyes on today's business activities, we actually manage the business towards our 12-month objectives. So let me reiterate that within the next 12 months, we will eliminate all stranded costs. Upon elimination of the stranded costs, the completion of the transition services to support Broadcom and a full year benefit from a share buyback program, we expect the operating margin of the company to reach 50% and annualized EPS to come to approximately $1.50. While I continue to give you quarterly forecast, it is progress against that annual goal, $1.50, by which we will determine our success. 
As we announced last quarter, the Board and this management team are committed to returning to shareholders 100% of the after-tax proceeds of approximately $8.2 billion in the form of $12 special dividend, as Rick mentioned in his comments. The special dividend should be declared by our Board and paid in fourth fiscal quarter after all the funds are repatriated. 
Today, we also announced that we raised the regular quarterly dividend by 67% to $0.125 per share in the current quarter. At today's share price, this would equate to over 2% annual yield. Excluding the special dividend from the share price, this would equate to over 4% annual yield. 
Finally, as a reminder, we have an existing $1.6 billion share repurchase authorization, which we expect to execute through the transition period. 
Let me finish with a few comments on why I've accepted this leadership role. This is a major transformation. On one side, we must rightsize our business operations following the Enterprise divestiture. On the other side, we have to continue to expand Norton LifeLock to make the cyber world a safer place for everyone. 
On rightsizing the business, we have $1.3 billion of cost to eliminate. We need to monetize and dispose of unused assets. We will use the proceeds for those assets to fund cash costs related to winding down the stranded operations. 
On the other side, the focus on execution and optimization of our cost structure will enable us to fund many growth initiatives, such as the adoption of our new Norton 360 memberships, the conversion of partner subscribers to direct subscribers, the expansion outside the U.S. and the development of new products and functionalities. 
Going forward, operational excellence, discipline and vision will continue to drive Consumer Cyber Safety to new levels. It is a privilege for me to partner with Samir, this executive team and all of our employees to emerge as a successful consumer company in cyber safety. 
And with those comments, Rick, Samir and I are now happy to take any questions. Ian, I'll turn it back to you.

Thank you.

Yes. So I can give the first question. First of all, as we said in last quarter, we started to use some of the savings to pull back into marketing investments, and those were primarily targeted at acquiring new customers to the direct marketing programs. For this quarter, we achieved about 20.1 million subscribers and are in the process of stabilizing that. I couldn't find such a stable quarter-over-quarter view, if you want, for the last few years, if you exclude the Equifax event in 2018. And so I think this is viewed as a very positive momentum. 
We don't break out, as you know, Norton versus LifeLock, and we're trying to move now towards that membership program, where you get into the form of a membership view and add different functionalities. But I would say that privacy or identity protection are the primary marketing messages, if you want, and for what consumer are subscribing. Many of them, of course, get the security package with their membership. So that's the trend we've seen. Samir, do you want to add anything?

No, absolutely. Now I want to tell you, we have a very good detailed plan on the operational activities and how to get rid of the activity, and therefore, the cost. The geography on the P&L, whether it's counted operation, discounted operation or restructuring, is really driven by the GAAP accounting rules. I have nothing to do with that. But we're providing all the visibility. 
As you know, we will try to eliminate them as soon as possible in our projection, and it's including in our Q3 guidance, we have a big spike in stranded costs next quarter as we write off unused assets. This -- the bucket is really made of 3 areas. One is people cost, if you want, and the position needs to be kept for up to 6 months as we service Broadcom or at least some of them after which the position will be eliminated. The second bucket is facilities, and we are exiting buildings as positions are being eliminated. That will be over the next 9 months. And the last one is contracts and other assets that we are either renegotiated or writing off. 
So it will be a little bit choppy. I expect Q3 this coming quarter to probably be the biggest quarter, and then it will move down from there. I think the last piece I would mention for investors, we will provide a good view of the cash versus noncash item of those stranded costs. I think that's what matters in the value of the deal.

So the ID business is about a $50 million business today, and it provides some alert services and fraud alert services. The $50 million, obviously it's an annual number. I broke for last quarter, $13 million. Samir, I don't know if you want to add anything.

Hey, Melissa, this is Vincent. So yes, we've started weekly operational review with our Consumer business. And we kind of designed a matrix of opportunities, if you want. Our membership and our products on one axis, and on the other, the various form of distributions. And when we look at that matrix, we feel we have a lot of great opportunities. 
We did want first to increase our marketing in the direct customer acquisition program because that had been underfunded in the past, and now it's about doing both investing in distribution and frankly into new products to access some of those channels.

No, absolutely. I will -- now we will report all continued operations, as you know, combined of both the current consumer business plus all stranded costs. And moving forward, we will not have a segment reporting view. So there are things we can break as additional information and others that we cannot per the SEC or GAAP rules. And of course, we follow those. 
If you look today the consumer business, it's still delivering a 50% operating profit margin, which was both our guidance and assumption in the last quarter. I had said at the time that if you use the current cost of capital, share count and the tax rate, you would be at around $1.40. And today, you're not different than that. We operate the consumer business at 50%. We have not started yet the share buyback program. So share count is relatively flat, and so we are very close to that number. Eliminating the stranded cost as part of that continued operations and reducing the share count will lead us to that $1.50 by the end of the 12-month transition period. 
On the free cash flow side, because we operate the consumer business at 50% operating profit margin, which is almost the best proxy for your cash generation, we are roughly, this year, at that $900 million level, as I mentioned in August. No change there.

Yes. So today, if you look at the billing growth, it's 4% as we reported. There's a few moving pieces there. I would say low single-digit booking growth is the first quarter we have growth. In the last 3 quarters, it was flat to negative, as you mentioned and as we reported. The business was really run to maximize the profit. And since August, we've not only reinvested some of the incremental savings into marketing activities, but we started deep, weekly operational reviews with Samir, and we focused solely on developing growth opportunities, not just on maximizing profit. 
And again, as I mentioned to that metric, like our 5 membership, our top 10 opportunity to sell and 10 distribution, you have 100-cell matrix, and only a few of those today are fully addressed in terms of full opportunity. And so we see a lot of opportunity to continue to improve our operational efficiencies and redirect those savings into those. Some will be a little bit short term, like the direct customer acquisition. Some will be longer term. And the longer, longer term is to invest and build into huge vision of the Consumer Cyber Safety blanket, if you want. So that's where we are. 
Bookings growth at low single digit will take -- because it's a subscription business, will take about 4 quarters to roll through the P&L. Today, the P&L suffered from the last 4 quarters of weak bookings, if you want. And so it will just take time to solve that. So that's our current position.

Yes. I can give you a few views here on sources and uses of cash. First of all, I just want to remind you that compared to our assumption in August, our current stranded costs are coming lower. The cash portion of that is lower $900 million versus $1 billion assumed, and the tax proceeds received from sales of underutilized assets keep going up as we are conservative in our projections and only want to make sure we forecast why we have line of sight, too. 
In the first quarter, we'll pay the $12 dividend. So that's for one timing. We have an assumption at this point in time that we'll use the $1.6 billion share buyback through the transition period. We want to have it both systemic and opportunistic. So depending on where we see it, we may act differently through that here. 
For the sales of the real estate assets and others, for the lack of better knowledge, we kind of, in our forecast model, put them in the middle of the year. That's why I say mid of next year.

Yes. So in the quarter, we have about $13 million of revenue. We are meeting our guidance for consumer. As you know, we guided into the old structure, which is a Consumer segment and an Enterprise segment. And the low end of our guidance for consumer, we guided $590 million. We delivered $595 million. 
In terms of the margin profile, that's really a business that sell to the Enterprise. They don't have the consumer margin, but the double-digit profit margin.

Hey, I want to make sure that we understand that. ID Analytics coming back into consumer is more the result of Broadcom buying the Enterprise business and not taking it, and so that's what we were grouping in that.

So a couple of things, and I'll pass it to Samir. We reported last quarter a retention rate of 84.9% retention rates. They were flat and stable. The company did not disclose that on a quarterly basis. We're still reviewing now which operational metrics will be the most useful for investors as we continue to deep dive into growth opportunities definitely through the adoption of the membership, the engagement with the user base, the increase of value added to the consumer, so more identity protection, more privacy protection. We do expect that we have opportunities for improving those retention rates. But we're obviously not giving you any either forecast or any number for the future.

So you wanted the range, you mentioned? So we put already 4 or 5 campuses that we had for sales. At this point in time, it's the majority of the $1 billion we estimated. And we'll try to get the best price possible. If we have an update, we'll give it to you.

Yes. So we're not ruling out any opportunities for growth as we have a unique position. I would say today, we're really focusing on executing on our plans, eliminating the stranded costs, building the operational muscles in the Consumer business to shift from maximizing profit to really focusing on growth. We felt that the first investment to return to organic growth was to increase our direct marketing investment programs. That was the most urgent thing to do with the more immediate returns. The next view is really driving -- or going to drive the operational efficiencies, and we're redirecting some of those savings more into the R&D, and overall, building the products. And then at the right time, when we have the right operational cadence, we can always have tuck-in acquisitions, either as a function we add on as a trade-off of our R&D budget or because we want to add more subscribers into our overall offerings.

So we had a minority stake into a business, DigiCert, that was sold in October.

Yes, absolutely. So this is a subscription business, right, a 12-month subscription business, where a lot of the revenue in the quarter is coming off the balance sheet from those revenues rolling off and a minority of the revenue coming from bookings in period revenue. 
If you look at the bookings for the last 4 quarters, excluding the extra week last quarter, they had a decline, a negative growth. And currently, the revenue coming from those prior quarters' negative booking growth is impacting the revenue. 
The -- as you mentioned, the more positive forward-looking metric is bookings growth, which was low single digit in this quarter, and we forecast the same for the following quarter. And secondly, the stabilization of the customer count, which will continue as we continue to invest in direct marketing. It will take a few quarters to flush through that balance sheet adjustment, if you want. And as I mentioned that after the transition period, we should be able to be in a business, that 50% operating margin, delivering $1.50 and growing low single digits.

Thank you very much. I appreciate you attending the call. We'll do our best to continue to update you on our progress. And with that, I would like to close the call. Thank you.