Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. For our first quarter, we posted results that were at the high end of our revenue and EPS guidance. We also generated solid cash flow from operations of $334 million, up from $213 million in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018. Our Consumer Digital Safety strategy continues to drive ARPU growth year-over-year, and we achieved 6% year-over-year organic revenue growth.
In Enterprise Security, our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform continues to gain traction with customers, and we continue to close a large number of enterprise deals with multiproduct platform sales. In spite of this, in the first quarter, we experienced a shortfall in Enterprise Security implied billings, which declined $111 million or 20% year-over-year, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, and was below our expectations of a flat year-over-year comparison. Given the underperformance in this area, I will begin my remarks addressing this issue.
While the strength of pipeline in Enterprise Security in Q1 was consistent with our expectations, we experienced a number of deals that did not close as expected. These longer sales cycles were primarily due to pipeline management in North America with businesses generally on plan in EMEA and APAC. As this first quarter implied billings miss will have an impact on the full year, we are taking a prudent approach to fiscal 2019 guidance. We believe we have the right sales capacity in Enterprise Security to deliver on these fiscal 2019 targets proven by the level of business we achieved in both the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2018. Nick will be providing a detailed discussion on guidance, and I will address the forecast further in my concluding remarks.
We believe that Symantec is well positioned to execute against the opportunity in the cyber defense market. We continue to have confidence in the competitive positioning of our solutions in the market. Customers are consolidating around our platform to take advantage of this superior protection, cross-product integration and lower overall cost of ownership.
The cloud transition is well underway and we are pleased with the adoption of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform and the expansion of our customers' use of our cloud-based services. Specifically, we see great potential for customer adoption of additional services by correctly enabling both proof of concepts and deployments through the ability to connect to our cloud directly from our large Symantec endpoint protection SEP installed base. 
The removal of friction for easy cloud adoption is expected to benefit our entire cloud security stack, including cloud proxy, CASB and data protection as well as multifactor authentication. This ease of adoption coupled with our existing large installed base provides us with a unique advantage in the marketplace.
Last quarter, I discussed how pleased we were with the adoption of our cloud-based network and web security products. A customer example of this in the first quarter was a 7-figure deal with one of the top 10 banks in North America. This was a follow-on new order from an 8-figure deployment in the fourth quarter of fiscal year '18. The customer originally burst in as they struggled with an overly complex and expensive security architecture. After purchasing many elements of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform in Q4, we closed a significant follow-on new opportunity with this customer in Q1 to purchase our cloud stack, including our cloud proxy, cloud access security broker and cloud e-mail offerings.
Another deal we closed in the first quarter was with a large multinational U.S.-based food and beverage company, which extended its deployment of our on-premise security stack to also include a cloud proxy for their entire user base with approximately 100,000 users. This customer cited our hybrid architecture as a key differentiator for electing to deploy our cloud proxy solution instead of a solution sold by a cloud-only competitor.
In the first quarter, we greatly expanded our footprint with an existing customer, a major U.S. airline, which previously had only a modest installed base of SEP. In this 7-figure deal, this customer chose our hybrid architecture, specifically on-prem data loss prevention with CASB, to protect their Office 365 infrastructure. 
Also in the first quarter, in an 8-figure win in our Asia-Pacific region, a government agency with over 20,000 employees chose to adopt Symantec's Integrated Cyber Defense Platform with DLP encryption SEP and our validation and ID protection, VIP solutions, among others. This customer previously refreshed its Blue Coat on-prem proxies in fiscal year 2018. And in the follow-on new deal in Q1, they cross-sold them the additional solutions in our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. This is a great example of our ability to cross-sell in earnings all this.
Turning to Consumer Digital Safety. The core tenets of our Consumer Digital Safety strategy endpoint protection, identity protection and privacy continue to be top-of-mind in the consumer population. We believe that our integrated approach is a better proposition for customers than the malware-centric security tools our competitors offer.
In the first quarter, our Consumer Digital Safety ARPU continued to grow slightly quarter-over-quarter, continuing the sequential trends we saw throughout fiscal year 2018. We believe consumers are seeing the value in our bundled offerings which offered protection across device, information and identity.
In summary, while we had mixed results in the first quarter, we are focused on the areas of underperformance.  We continue to believe that we have a tenured sales capacity to deliver enterprise security business at levels we've demonstrated in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2018. We believe that our tenured sales force, combined with investments in sales capacity and the building up of our go-to-market engine in the mid-market and enhancements to our service provider and global channel programs, position us well for years 2020 and beyond.
I will be back with additional remarks after Nick discusses our financial results in more detail and provides our outlook. Nick?

Thank you, Nick. As discussed, we believe that our update to full year 2019 guidance is prudent and reflects Q1 implied billings and the longer sales cycles in our large and multiproduct platform sales. We are focused on delivering on the guidance we have provided for fiscal year 2019. This includes looking for ways to operate more efficiently. After completing our original cost reduction and integration synergy plans, we continue to look at areas to drive further cost efficiencies. 
As we're targeting company and Enterprise Security operating margin expansion in fiscal year 2020, we are taking a set of cost actions in fiscal year 2019. The fundamental drivers for our Enterprise Security business are intact. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is driving significant cross-sell and up-sell opportunities as Enterprise customers design us into this security architectures. We have leading products in cloud generation security, including an endpoint protection, data protection, CASB and e-mail solutions. We believe we are positioned to capitalize on the growing trend of vendor consolidation in the cybersecurity market. And additionally, we believe the investments we are making in our go-to-market programs and Enterprise Security in fiscal year 2019 will drive growth in fiscal year 2020 and beyond.
Thank you for joining us this afternoon, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

So I think -- yes, thanks. I think the fundamentals of it is that we are involved in larger, more complex platform deals with our Enterprise customers. And due to the size of these transactions, they generally require a little more approval cycle. And as a result, we believe our sales cycles with these types of deals are getting longer. And that's -- also, in general, a majority of our business closes in the last 3 weeks in the quarter. And while we've seen this trend in larger deals for some time, it was more pronounced in Q1 and more broadly and we think it will continue. And as such, we have reflected that in our forward comments. I think that's pretty much it.

Yes. Nick, why don't you take that away?

Saket, maybe just a little bit more on that. It's Greg here. The -- we did have a slip of business in the quarter, which we talked about. And the ratio between the renewal business and the new business is important in the quarter duration calculation. Maintenance business is, in the majority, a shorter duration as we talked about. I'd like to give you some color on the quantity of the effects of the Q1 billings miss, which will help you. The billings miss sounds large in the context of the full year. It is regrettable but manageable, and here's some insights. Last year, the implied billings was $2.9 billion, excluding the WSS/PKI business that we divested to DigiCert. And in this context, the $110 million decrease from the prior year in Q1 is approximately 3.8% of the fiscal year 2018 full year implied billings number. Translating that into revenue, the missing Q1 billings represents approximately $60 million of revenue in FY '19 that comes off the deferred revenue waterfall. So the $110 million is a number that we're not at all happy with, but we think that we have more opportunity based on sales capacity and expect that we can execute better in the future quarters. I just want to make sure we cover some of that context in the quantity of what was slipped in Q1. And the majority of that slip would be new deals, as Nick mentioned, which would have a longer contract duration. And therefore, the 16-month duration that we expect had we have closed those transactions would be a longer duration.

So I do think it was more broad-based, but let me give you some comments. We still see a very healthy outlook on our web security stack, and that's where our cloud access broker, our cloud proxies, our data protection that's helping cleanup compliance problems at existing cloud applications, that is a very strong business segment for us and we compete very well there. There are a lot of -- and a lot business comes to market in a point solution fashion, people looking for cloud access broker, they're looking for cloud proxy, they are looking for an endpoint media solution that takes us -- we compete very well there. As you know, we lead the market in endpoint. Gartner rated us as #1 on both vision and execution in the recent Magic Quadrant. Our cloud access partners are arguably leading in the market. So we have very good point solution products. But when we get in there and we talk to customers about purchasing these things pre-integrated, we're displacing multiple products in that and that can take longer. And we do experience longer sales cycles than we expected. In addition, keep in mind that the majority of our high-end Enterprise business closes in the last 3 weeks of the quarter. So that's some more color there. So we do have -- I think we have excellent products in a point solution fashion. We have extremely powerful value propositions when they are integrated. But when they are integrated, the sales cycle is much longer, okay?

Yes. Thank you for the question, Melissa. I think we've taken a good look at the business that we're expecting to close. That moved out of the quarter, and we have closed a number of those transactions since the end of the quarter. And we do feel that our competitive stance in the market is still very viable.

Again, we -- as you know, we cannot comment on the investigation. I would say that Q1 had some negative press in the market during the quarter.

So I think, yes, as we look at our maintenance opportunity that we'd look at in our way into the quarter and how we've come out here in the past quarters, that has been where we expected it to be within some small variances. But so I don't feel we have renewal problem in our forecast. Going to win rates, I think we compete very well in a lot of what I will consider the open wallet right now. As people are trying to get their cloud application use under compliance, they know what the PII is, they know all the issues they have to deal with to handle GDPR and all those kind of stuff, we are doing well in that area. And I think if you take a look at the quantity of business that was delivered in Q3 and Q4, a good chunk of it is in those adjacencies to many of our traditional products that are really driving into that cloud area. So we feel good about that. On endpoint, I think we have, as I mentioned, SEP 14.1 closed a bunch  of the EDR  gaps in the endpoint market. And we're very proud of our results in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, which came out earlier this year. And we were the leader in that analysis, and I think that has been well received. And so I think we characterize the miss in Q1, I think, correctly as a slip of business, not a meltdown from a competitive loss situation.

Yes. No, I think we had on plan performance as we mentioned here essentially across the EMEA territory and also APAC, which I think is good news. That was predictable and performed as expected. In North America, we do see a larger transaction to North America and we see a more -- we have multiproduct transactions I commented on before and there's multiple-point products involved in that procurement. We're just seeing those things taking longer to get through the sales cycle than we originally planned. And we do have a relatively -- in our pipeline, larger deals are becoming more frequent as we continue to integrate the point products into better solutions. We're seeing those deals becoming larger and taking longer. In addition, I think the contracts that all of the industry are seeing right now have some more discussions around data privacy and then when they're cloud-oriented, making sure that it takes longer to work through things like the GDPR language in contracts these days than it did a year ago. And so there are some other environmental effects that are happening in the negotiation of some of these larger transactions.

I think the network solution that we sell the customers now are a combination of Blue Coat and Symantec products. They also intersect cloud-delivered products such as our cloud access broker as a part of that discussion. That product transition cycle is still underway, and there's still an opportunity in front of us. We've completed a bunch of it, and there's a bunch of it still to go. As I stated in the script as a great example of Blue Coat refresh that went on in one of the examples I gave on the script at the subsequent quarters ended up in a substantial 8-figure integrated cyber defense sale into that organization. So I think we do have the industrial logic of the Blue Coat and Symantec acquisition is panning out and it is driving opportunity for substantial cross-sell. As we mentioned in the past, there is a mix discussion in the Blue Coat refresh, and it does have a lot more ratability and we -- the statements we've made in the past about how we expect that to become more and more ratable over time still hold.

Yes, the other question you asked, Brad, and thanks for your question, is what's it like on the mix. We offer people bundled offerings -- the majority now, we wanted to sell you an integrated digital safety package, we get your Norton and your LifeLock for one fee. That was pretty much the premise behind that business case, the acquisition that we could renew the Norton installed base up into that offering, and I think we're tracking our business case on that cross-sell, okay? So I don't -- we don't think we missed our expectations in the Consumer business. Okay?

Yes, so we feel very good about our go-forward pipeline, Walter. I think it's -- as we look through FY '19 and the quarters ahead, you'll see that they're pretty healthy expectations on the sales force. So we do like our pipe. What we're actually finding coming out of Q1 is some of those deals are taking longer than we thought. So we like the outlook for the rest of '19. I think you'll see that there's some nice quarters in there like there was in Q3, Q4 of last year. We -- I think we have the tenured sales capacity on board to deliver it. And we think the market environment is there. What we're flagging is we've got some longer sales cycles, and so we're taking that into consideration in our guidance and taking things down accordingly.

So I think -- that's a good question, Walter. I think one of the things that we have to just take a step back and look at is even after the ratable transition we're in 2020 and we're expecting some good growth rates, we're still not extremely happy with the Enterprise segment margins. Okay, we did a lot of work on working on the post-Veritas divestiture trapped expenses, the synergies from the big acquisitions that we did. And this is really just now refining some of the cost structure to really get to the right margin profile for the longer haul. And we -- our belief is that we should have that big $3 billion booking sort of business at a different margin profile than it currently is. Some of that comes from top line growth and some of that comes from some cost efficiencies. And as Nick mentioned, we do have some trapped expenses in here and we do have some other pockets that we would be looking to improve on as we go forward. And so we're really announcing a restructuring budget to be able to do that. Okay?

Yes. I think, Walter, if you think about what happens at the kind of revenue guidance that we've put up for '19 at the deferred revenue or what we now in 606 language call contract obligation, we have to get on that language now moving forward. So contract obligations means deferred revenue in 605. So as we go and deliver those revenue quarters and -- our second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, we are building substantial deferred revenue balance sheet going forward. And as that rolls off, we do get a big benefit in 2020. It helps the margins and, of course, it helps the revenue. And we feel like that is -- we've got to hit the second half. But when we do hit the second half, that's what 2020 would look like.

Thank you.