Thank you, Rick.
As Rick mentioned, we demonstrated our capacity to execute on our plan and deliver solid Q1 results. This quarter, we delivered broad-based performance on revenue growth and profit level across our business. We also developed a restructuring plan to improve productivity and simplify the way we manage the business. And finally, we negotiated the sales of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom for $10.7 billion in cash, representing about 36x FY '19 Enterprise segment operating income of about 27x after-tax. The completion of this transaction will unlock the embedded value in Enterprise Security, while enabling Consumer Cyber Safety to emerge as a pure-play market leader with strong earnings power. No doubt that this transformational transaction repositioning our company as a pure-play Consumer business will be at the center of every discussion. However, allow me to first comment on Q1 results.
In this first quarter of fiscal year 2020, we delivered better-than-expected revenue of $1.251 billion, up 9% year-over-year in constant currency. Excluding the extra week that we had this quarter, revenue grew 2% year-over-year in constant currency. For this quarter, we generated an operating profit margin of 30%, up 2 points year-over-year, driven by revenue growth and disciplined cost management. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.43, up 23% year-over-year. In the quarter, we generated $325 million of cash flow from operations.
In our Enterprise Security segment, we delivered revenue of $615 million, up 11% year-over-year in constant currency and up 4% year-over-year, excluding the extra week. Revenue was $40 million, above the high end of our guidance due to higher mix of sales yielding upfront revenue in the quarter as well as higher-than-expected ratable revenue. Our Q1 Enterprise Security reported billings were $497 million, up 10% year-over-year, slightly better than our expectations built into our revenue guidance communicated 3 months ago. In Q1, we generated Enterprise Security's operating margins of 7%.
In our Consumer Cyber Safety segment, we generated revenue of $636 million, slightly better than expected due to higher partner revenue and strength in our subscription revenue. We delivered revenue growth of 7% year-over-year in constant currency and flat year-over-year, excluding the extra week.
In Q1, average revenue per user, or ARPU, increased to $8.83 per month, up 2% over -- year-over-year, normalized for that extra week. Our average direct customer count was 20.2 million, down 3% year-over-year. We also protect millions of consumers through our partners, and partner revenue was up 5% in the quarter.
In Q1, we began increasing investments in direct customer acquisition marketing spend. The increase in marketing investments will continue into Q2 in order to capture our long-term growth opportunities as we look ahead to operating as a pure-play market leader in this space.
Keep in mind, there is a lag effect on when we begin to see the positive impact on subscribers' growth from when direct customer acquisition program is launched. These investments I expected to be funded by reductions in infrastructure and G&A costs.
In Q1, we launched our integrated solution memberships on the Norton and LifeLock website in the U.S. Internationally, in Canada, the U.K. and Germany, the norton.com website now offers integrated offerings that includes secure backup, VPN and privacy controls. Adding value to our membership subscriptions will allow us to grow subscribers and ARPU. As such, we believe we will see a more meaningful impact on both ARPU and customer count in the back half of FY '20 and in a more meaningful way in FY '21.
Finally, Consumer Cyber Safety operating margin was 53% compared to 44% a year ago, a growth of 9 points year-over-year. Moving forward, we intend to maintain an optimal level of investment to support our growth objective with an operating margin target of around 50%. I'm incredibly excited by the long-term prospects of our Consumer Cyber Safety business which will have full ownership of its own destiny following the completion of the sales of our Enterprise Security assets.
Before I turn to Q1 balance sheet and cash flow, I want to say a few words about our cost structure. The 3 main challenges of our operations across the company are speed of execution, productivity and customer focus. As part of our plan we developed over the last couple of months, we announced today a $100 million restructuring program aimed at improving productivity and reducing complexity in the way we manage the business. This plan includes a 7% reduction of head count and closures of certain sites. We expect the majority of these actions, which we have already started today, to be done by the third quarter.
In the quarter, we generated cash flow from operating activities of $325 million compared to $331 million in Q1 '19. As expected, Q1 CapEx was $49 million with the majority associated to the Enterprise business. We ended Q1 with $1.694 billion in cash and short-term investments. In the quarter, we executed repurchases of $541 million worth of shares, leading to a weighted average diluted share count of 642 million.
Now turning to our guidance. Due to the announcement of the sales of our Enterprise Security asset, which we expect to close in our fiscal third quarter, we are not providing full year 2020 guidance at this time.
For Q2, we are increasing the guidance range to reflect the uncertainty that might be caused by the announcement of the sales of our Enterprise Security asset. We are forecasting a Q2 fiscal year 2020 revenue range of $1.155 billion to $1.205 billion comprised of: $565 million to $600 million in Enterprise Security; and $590 million to $605 million in Consumer Cyber Safety. At the midpoint of our guidance, it implies approximately flat year-over-year for the total company.
We are forecasting operating margin to be in the range of 31% to 33%. And finally, EPS is forecasted to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share -- actually, yes, $0.40 to $0.44 per share assuming a fully diluted share count of approximately 648 million and a tax rate constant to Q1. We are confident that we'll smoothly and successfully manage the Enterprise Security asset sale and expect to ensure minimum disruption through the quarter.
Now let me go into the more exciting piece of the news we have announced today. And because there is a lot to absorb, allow me to be a little bit repetitive with what we have already shared so far. We agreed to sell our Enterprise Security asset to Broadcom for $10.7 billion or an estimated $8.2 billion after-tax, which will enable us to return $12 per share through a special dividend. Following the asset sales, we plan to eliminate approximately $1.5 billion of stranded costs, which we expect to accomplish within 12 months of the closing of the transaction. We believe we can complete that task without disrupting the Consumer Cyber Safety, given the business is largely run independently. We expect that it will cost us approximately $1 billion in cash to eliminate those stranded costs, and we will fund those in large part by the sale of underutilized assets such as real estate.
After the transition period, we will emerge as a pure-play Consumer Cyber Safety business with a long-term growth potential of mid-single-digit, operating profit margin of approximately 50% and an annual EPS of approximately $1.50.
We expect the Consumer Cyber Safety business to generate a free cash flow of approximately $900 million after the transition period on an annual basis. And I'll repeat that because I think we may have heard Rick quoting $700 million and that was a mistake.

We expect the Consumer Cyber Safety to generate annual free cash flow of approximately $900 million after the transition period. The majority of which we expect to return to shareholders via mix of regular dividends and share buybacks.
Consistent with this objective, we expect that our regular quarterly dividend will be increased to $0.125 per share or $0.50 annually following the close of the transaction.
In addition, our Board of Directors has increased our share buyback authorization by $1.1 billion to a total of $1.6 billion. We expect the incremental share repurchases will be executed over time after the close of the transaction when all sales proceeds have been repatriated.
Accordingly, the completion of this buyback authorization has been factored into our EPS calculation and expectation for Consumer Cyber Safety. We believe this disciplined approach to capital allocation, together with our expectations for the growth of Consumer Cyber Safety, should deliver an attractive total return to shareholders.
Following the transaction, we expect to maintain a debt balance approximately consistent with the debt on our balance sheet today as the go-forward business will retain approximately 80% of the fiscal year 2019 operating income. Our current debt of $4.5 billion would represent approximately 3.5x gross leverage on the Consumer Cyber Safety business after adjusting for the elimination of the stranded cost. We believe this approach is appropriately leveraging returns to shareholders while also managing fiscal risk and maintaining financial flexibility and is supported by the predictable and highly cash-generative nature of Consumer Cyber Safety.
We are very excited about unleashing the full potential of Consumer Cyber Safety, which will emerge as a focused pure-play leader in the consumer market. Our Norton LifeLock products have the #1 revenue share in both Consumer Security and identity protection and strong brand recognition. Our integrated solutions built around the core tenets of security, privacy, identity protection and home and family safety have redefined how consumers think about cybersafety. We expect that the ability to fund further investment in product innovation and sales and marketing will create an attractive financial model and enhance total shareholder return.
There has been a lot of information shared today, so let me summarize them once again. We delivered strong Q1 results with EPS growth of 23% year-over-year. We announced the sale of our Enterprise Security assets for $10.7 billion in cash, about 36x its fiscal year 2019 operating income. We have identified approximately $1.5 billion of stranded costs, which we expect to eliminate over 12 months after cash cost of $1 billion and funded by the sales of underutilized assets such as real estate.
We are retaining 80% of our fiscal year 2019 operating income. We are refocusing the company as a pure-play market leader in Consumer Cyber Safety with earnings power of approximately $1.50 per share after transition. With an expected $12 special dividend per share, an increase in our buyback authorization to $1.6 billion and expected increase in our regular dividend, we are focusing and we are focused on maximizing our total shareholder return. In short, we expect to return in cash about 59% of Monday's market capitalization to our shareholders while at the same time keeping an ownership in a predictable business that generates over 80% of today's operating income.
And with that, Rick and I are happy to take your questions.

No. Absolutely. So we have 12,000 employees today. We're marching in our improvement plan towards the 10,000 in aggregate for the full company. We've started to reduce the head count as you may have seen in our report, and we do more as we go forward. When you talk about the remaining company post-transition period, we'll have about $2.5 billion of revenue. And we believe that $1 million per employee is the right long-term target, 2,500 is the long-term target. We should be very close to that after the end of the transition period.

No, I'm sorry, let me first really explain the room we have in our P&L. We've been running this business, the Consumer business, at around 50%. In that fiscal year '18, you've seen our -- in our segment 50% margin, fiscal year '19, 48%, very much around that line. Marketing expense have been rationalized over time as they were trying to free up allocation at the corporation level to fund the turnaround of the Enterprise business, and that's the normal process of corporate budgeting and allocations. You look at the Q1 results we've just posted, the Consumer segment is running at a 53% operating margin, and we believe there is a subinvestment, if you want to compare to the opportunity to be able to turn around the customer count mainly. So direct marketing, online marketing is our target, and we believe we have 1 to 2 points of margin here we can invest in our business without changing our long-term target of 50%, and be able to grow in this low single digit today to the mid-single-digit. We also, at the same time, have moved from product and point-of-sales licensed product, if you want sales, into more of a membership approach. And trying to upgrade customers from basic membership to higher membership, providing additional functionality from security to identity to privacy is the longer-term strategy of the business.
Unless you want to add anything, Rick?

No. Absolutely. Let me tell you about how we think about it, right? So the Consumer business as a segment and the Enterprise segment are purely separate, distinct businesses. And in the P&L report, we have fully allocated those costs based on the utilizations to the right segment. You see today that's fully loaded, the Consumer business is running at, in Q1, 53% operating margin target, and we have a long-term target to run it at around 50%, plus or minus 1 or 2 points depending on the growth objective. The Enterprise business has the remaining cost plus the corporate's functions that are serving that Enterprise business. The $1.5 billion of stranded cost is made of those 2 pieces. The assets of the Enterprise business that Broadcom will not take plus the portion of the corporate services that are serving solely the Enterprise business, that's the entire cost. It will cost us about $1 billion in cash to eliminate over 12 months. And the Consumer business should continue to operate fairly independent based on that.
I don't know if you want to add anything.

I just want to add one thing because your question made me think that maybe there's a perception this is a modeling exercise. We went extensively through arduous -- through our asset list, asset by asset to tag them. Do we think they'll go with the Broadcom business? Do they think they'll stay here? And how are we going to eliminate those assets over the next 12 months? So we have a very rigorous approach that's more on the transactional level than at the modeling level.

If I can add, so we're targeting a 3% to 5% over the next couple of years. It has grown 3% over the last 2 years. And you're right, currently the business is flattish. There are really 3 areas we're focusing on. The one is the customer account and investing more in direct marketing. The second one is what Rick mentioned, which is this ARPU adding functionalities to the offering, and with that increasing the membership. And then increasing the retention rate also, which we've moved from lower to now 85%. I think if I looked at the number, we were around 80% a couple of years ago. Those are the growth -- what I would call is a GDP-plus type of growth, so it's not over-ambition. I do believe with all the IoTs and other environment, now that we're singularly focused on Consumer, we have the potential to do more. But we'll be very prudent and we'll focus on operational discipline, setting a target that we can deliver and constructively investing in innovation and sales.

And if I can add to that, because I know investor always worry about Interim CEO and I've read a few reports, we have a very solid management team. We spend a lot of weekends, a lot of pizzas as we build this transaction. And the team has a lot of experience in separating assets and really driving what needs to be driven over the next 12 months. And independently from that, the Consumer management team is also very strong because all of investor focus on Enterprise over the last 2 years, they haven't been too much exposed to that but I think we have a very strong, capable Consumer business today.

I second that.

Yes, so this is Vincent. So we guided, obviously, in a conservative way, knowing that we're going into a major transition. We're not guiding the full year. Our Q1 results are on track to plan, actually slightly better than expected. And we continue to focus on investing marketing spend into the overall program to transfer from point of sale to membership sale. Obviously, the marketing investment we just don't want to pour spend and see later what the returns are. We have a very precise model. We measure returns, and we plan to gradually go there. So that's where we are.

Well, thank you for joining us today. Obviously, there has been a lot of news, a lot of good news for our shareholders, for our employees. I can tell you on this side around the table in the company, we are incredibly excited, first, to partner with Broadcom to make this transfer of the Enterprise business a very smooth process for our customers. We will be a partner to Broadcom in making that happen successfully. And secondly, I think the excitement to become a Consumer company focused solely on that Consumer opportunity is shared across the whole team. Thank you and we look forward to updating you as we make progress.