Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you are all safe and well. 
Before we begin, I want to thank our employees and our partners for their hard work and dedication to help protect consumers as more and more of our everyday lives move online. We know that cybercriminals are taking advantage of this shift, and I'm proud of our team for continuing to design products and release features that support our vision of cyber safety for everyone. And to our loyal 50 million customers, thank you for trusting us to secure a growing portion of your digital activities.
In Q2, we delivered reported billings growth of 7%, revenue growth of 5% and EPS growth of 100%, closing out a strong first half of fiscal year '21. Our revenue now exceeds $2.5 billion in annualized run rate, and we are beginning to string together strong quarters where we meet our target of mid-single-digit revenue growth while at the same time, delivering solid operating leverage.
Let me unpack a little bit on the top line. Our direct-to-consumer business, which represents 90% of our business, was up 5% in Q2, with broad-based growth across the entire portfolio. We now have over half of our installed base on Norton 360, and we will continue to release new products, such as Dark Web Monitoring or Privacy Monitor Assistant, either as add-on features or stand-alone products. Our goal is to constantly bring new value to our subscribers around the globe and keep them cyber safe across their growing digital activities. 
We also continued to invest and expand internationally with international growth slightly ahead of the Americas. Direct acquisition grew double digits in many countries such as the U.K., Italy, and Spain in Europe and Australia and Japan in APJ, just to name a few. With less than 30% of our revenues outside North America, we remain relatively underpenetrated in many countries, offering us an opportunity to broaden our reach. 
Partner revenue, which represent 10% of our business and includes relationships with telcos, retailers, and employee benefits brokers, grew 7% in Q2. While retail remained weak during this period, we delivered double-digit growth in the employee benefits program with strong signings of new employers and strong retention rates across broad sectors. 
Overall, we continue to develop our partner relationships to increase the reach of our solutions to all consumers. We are currently working on rolling out and expanding our solutions with some of our more recently announced partners like AARP in U.S. or TELUS in Canada. Internationally, this quarter, we also signed a telco deal in Europe and had a key retail win in Japan. These relationships take time to build, but they are an important part of our long-term growth opportunity. 
As you all know, we've put a lot of focus on growing our direct customer count, which now totals 20.7 million. This quarter marks our fourth consecutive quarter of net customer adds sequentially and the second consecutive quarter of net adds year-over-year. 
Since we became a stand-alone consumer company a year ago, we have welcomed over 3.5 million new customers. While we know this is just a drop in the bucket compared to the opportunity to bring cyber safety to everyone, it is a meaningful change from the years of declining customer count when we were part of Symantec. 
Our customer retention rate, a unit retention metric, remained stable at 85%, and our monthly average revenue per user remained strong at over $9.
Our integrated platform, Norton 360, resonates well with consumers who face multiple challenges to their digitalized and preferred comprehensive protection plans. We will continue to drive customer acquisition and engagement through marketing investments, partnerships, and more importantly, product innovation. 
We are focused on both developing great products and bringing an integrated platform to consumers to provide cyber safety while we work, learn, shop or socialize online.
For example, with the rise of gaming and e-sports, we saw an opportunity to help gamers protect and control their accounts, their personas and digital goods. We developed a customized solution, Norton 360 for Gamers designed by fellow gamers at NortonLifeLock. We know gamers prefer to focus on playing, not worrying about cybercriminals, so we felt there was a real need to bring comprehensive cyber safety to the gaming world. 
While our solution delivers many of the features you would expect like threat detection, firewall and password manager, we've gone further and included Dark Web Monitoring for gamer tags, a first for the industry. With this feature, we will monitor and notify you if we find your personal information on the dark web, including your gamer tags, user IDs or passwords, protecting your virtual goods acquired in games.
Another dramatic change in our everyday lives has been in how our kids learn. Whether it be for school or other educational activities, so much more of this is now done online. Our recent study shows that the majority of parents say their kid's screen time has skyrocketed during the COVID-19 pandemic. And unfortunately, over half of the parents said that they now just accept certain risks to their child's online safety. 
To help make life a bit easier for parents, this quarter, we introduced Norton 360 with LifeLock for Family, an all-in-one plan to help protect the entire family's devices, identities and online privacy through one subscription fee. This family plan also includes a new feature called School Time, which helps children stay focused on schoolwork while remote learning by managing access to the broader web. So sorry to kids, no gaming during school hours.
While the threat posed by the availability of your personal information online is not new, the shift of more and more of our lives online makes privacy as important as ever. Recently, we've expanded our privacy offering with Privacy Monitor Assistant and made it easier for consumers to reclaim control of their personal information and defend against identity theft. 
Data brokers collect and profit from all your data they compile, such as your home address, phone number, employment information and social media profiles. Privacy Monitor Assistant helps automate and take the guesswork out of removing your personal information from the Internet.
These are just a few examples of how our innovations are keeping consumer cyber safe. And there's definitely more to come as we build cyber safety for everyone. 
Growth and innovation are our primary focus. But it's worth noting that as of the end of August, we had removed all stranded costs related to the sales of our enterprise business. This was 4 months ahead of plan. I want to thank our transition team for making it possible, and we're now building operational execution into our DNA. 
And with the transition behind us, we have reaffirmed our partnership with Broadcom by licensing the Symantec enterprise software and security engines as well as continued sharing threat telemetry and analytics. We are very well positioned for the future.
Before I pass it to Natalie, I also want to recognize our responsibility to help create a safe and sustainable future. Yesterday, we released our first corporate responsibility report as NortonLifeLock. We encourage you to read the report and learn about how we view corporate responsibility and support our communities. Those efforts were just recognized last month by Forbes and JUST Capital. It is an honor to be named one of America's most JUST companies and be recognized for our commitment to serve all stakeholders with integrity and accountability.
We also know we have so much more we can do in this area, and we will stay committed to corporate responsibility and contributing to building a cyber-safe world.
And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financial results. Natalie?

Yes. No, it makes total sense. I think there is one very positive news with McAfee making their numbers public, is that everyone starts to realize that protecting consumer as they move more and more of their lives into the digital world is actually a growing market. Up to now, I think there was still this conception that maybe we're coming from an old technology and a PC-driven environment. 
I think the realization that we are very user-centric -- and that maybe is a unique view that we have with LifeLock, but user-centric, there's more and more of applications we can address, and the market is a vast growing market. If you sum up today in the industry, the consumers that pay for stand-alone cyber safety, you get less than $100 million. Yet we have billion of people using the Internet to live their digital lives, and that's a growing market. 
So I think positioning this as a growing market was the right call. You've seen us changing the momentum as we're busy with the focus of transitioning out the enterprise activities if you want. We're now fully dedicated to that market, invest for growth. And we look forward to accelerate our growth in the long term. Our goal is to, as I mentioned, reach everyone.

No. Absolutely. I think the opportunity, again, to address all of the challenges linked to the fact that our lives move online -- and it's not just the number of devices. It's not just the basic activities of shopping. It's now, as I mentioned and as you recognize, the whole set of education, it's about gaming, it's about socializing. All of those activities are moving online, creating new opportunities for cybercriminals to take advantage of your data and your virtual assets. 
So that's a huge growing opportunity. We always had that as the investment thesis. As you recall a year ago when we sold the enterprise business, we said there's a huge opportunity to focus solely on the consumer aspect. We're building our capabilities. We're increasing the velocity of our innovation. You've seen us launching new products at a more frequent rate. Some are good learnings, other we doubled down in investments, and we continue to tweak our portfolio to address those opportunities. 
I think in the long run, we feel really, really confident. We moved from, frankly, a division that was focused on maximizing cash to now focusing on growth. We return to mid-single-digit growth. Let's build a sustainable machine, if you want, to then be able to really provide -- again, I'll repeat it, cyber safety to everyone, right? Billion of people connected to the Internet, only 100 million people that they're paying for stand-alone cyber safety.

Yes. And it will combine, and I would also say the introduction of Norton 360, the first integrated platform, making cyber safety as kind of one umbrella protection a reality. 
Look, if you step back a year ago, we said we're going to grow mid-single digit. And it's going to be a balanced approach. It's going to come from new subscribers, improved retention and then the cross-sell and upsell opportunities. And you've seen a very balanced result, if you want, turning positive new customer -- more new customer coming than those leaving, improved retention rate now on a unit basis, reaching 85% and an ARPU that continued to be solid and growing. 
I think achieving that structurally, mid-single-digit growth rate, in our mind, was always a balanced view. Last quarter, we definitely had a little boost from COVID-19, but the underlying structural change in everybody's life, moving more and more of our activities online is a reality that's here to last. And as you know, cybercriminals adapt fast and will find new opportunities to steal your assets, steal your data, and I think people need to realize, they need to be protected when they're online.

Yes. And I'll take that one. And as I also mentioned to you guys, the first year price is a promotional price and the second year renewal price get to the full value. And so normally, when you grow your customer count, you definitely also have headwind on that first year ARPU. 
Despite that growth, we're able to maintain very good ARPU overall, and that's a testimony of the team. We've seen broad-based growth this quarter across the more security angle of our membership but also across identity, which, as you know, is coming at a strong ARPU. We've been very disciplined on almost every metric, driving solid retention, not marketing with promotion but marketing with the message and the value we deliver to consumers.
And so that is the result you've seen, very solid retention and ARPU despite the fact that we're growing overall. Now with that said, I do want to say that the focus for us is really to build innovative product. We're not looking at a single price for the product in relationship to the ARPU. We looked at how much value we can add to the customer's basket to build that overall cyber safety umbrella.

I'll pass it to Natalie on marketing, but I do want to say that we're also rolling Northern 360, the first integrated platform across all countries. We've launched Dark Web Monitoring in Japan and in Australia. We're definitely very active, as we feel we are underpenetrated in those markets. Yet the needs for cyber safety are global needs, and so definitely, international is a huge opportunity. Natalie?

Yes, maybe. But again, I'll start with the last part of your question, which is retention and ARPU output metrics. As you know, we're focusing on the input. How do we bring that cyber protection to consumers, which should be incremental value. Whether it's a lower per unit or not, it's incremental value. So that's our focus.
When you look at the overall umbrella today of cyber safety, it includes the basic securities, but it also includes your privacy angle. It includes your identity protection and restorations. It include how you connect with your family and protect that family. So we are around 4 pillars. 
And we're looking almost at all 3 levers. How do we add value across the pillars we have? How do we look at different business model to go and deliver to those consumers? And how do we make sure that we reach and retain locally? While we have a global business model, it's really important to drive our message on a local level.
And so I think that's the angle we view. We view this incremental growth opportunity international as an overall way to reach every consumer to provide cyber safety.

Thank you, Paul. We are now 1 year into the journey as NortonLifeLock, and I can't tell you how excited our team is about the future. We sit in the middle of an ongoing and accelerating digital transformation of our daily lives. 
And as a team, as a company, we believe we are perfectly positioned to not only make all those everyday online activity safer but to also deliver control of your data, your identity and your assets back to you as a consumer. Relentlessly, we will pursue that mission. 
So thanks for joining our call today. Thank you for your support, and we look forward to connecting very soon.