Thank you, Soohwan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. 
I want to start this call by thanking all our employees, as I know many of you are listening. Each of you has persevered in driving our mission and supporting our customers while working from home and adjusting to this new reality. Our mission is to protect people's online activities, which has never been more relevant than today. And on behalf of all our employees, I also want to thank our customers for the trust you have placed in our products and in us. Our business is built around prevention, detection and restoration of potential damages caused by hackers. Managing and handling crisis is part of our DNA, and the entire NortonLifeLock team is rising to the occasion, adapting ourselves and our processes to help customers in need as well as communities by donating time and resources. There is no other company I would rather be part of as we navigate the challenges that the world is currently facing.  
We are pleased to report better-than-expected results in Q4, the second quarter of NortonLifeLock as a stand-alone company. Consumer revenue was up 1% year-over-year in constant currency, supported by bookings growth of 4%. We generated $0.26 EPS, up $0.10 from a year ago, driven by strong execution and the elimination of stranded costs. In addition to year-over-year bookings growth of mid-single digits, we increased net customer count by 46,000 sequentially. We grew average revenue per users. We delivered industry-leading retention while maintaining our operating profit margin over 51% when you exclude the impact of stranded costs. This was our second sequential quarter of net customer growth, adding over 100,000 customers in the last 6 months. 
For the first time since 2014, we've had 2 consecutive quarters of net adds. Through the quarter, we saw a steady performance with a strong finish in the month of March. However, we're still in stabilization phase, especially in this current environment. The business is moving in the right direction, and we believe that our focused execution will deliver consistent, sustainable growth over time. The need for our products is more present than ever, driven by working from home, virtual meetings, online gaming, streaming, e-shopping, telemedicine and numerous other online transactions and interactions that put us all at risk from cyber criminals, looking to take advantage of this accelerated trend.  
As Samir will remind us all in a moment, our portfolio does a tremendous job protecting people from online threat, but it is not a static world. As the threats evolve with our behaviors and technology, we are focused on delivering a portfolio that protects each element of our customers' digital lives. That is our mission. And we will know that we are succeeding when these added products and features consistently deliver customer count growth. That is why it is our #1 measure of success.  
Let me mention a few of these highlights now. This quarter, we expanded our family offering. We offered free usage during the COVID-19 crisis. We received 3 awards from AV-TEST Institute for our device protection solutions, and we made numerous other improvements to our platform and products. In April, we expanded our international reach and capabilities with the launch of Norton 360 with LifeLock in Canada. We have a long history of innovation here at NortonLifelock, and we know that product innovation will be a cornerstone of our long-term success.  
Our fourth quarter performance not only reflects the strong execution of our team, but also demonstrate the resiliency and opportunity of our business model. We sell direct to consumers with minimal reliance on physical partners, delivering high-value at a relatively low ARPU, plus over 95% of our business is recurring.  
Considering these challenging times and the various requests from our investors, let me expand on each of these points, starting with recurring revenue. 90% of our revenue is direct to consumers. The vast majority of our bookings are annual subscriptions, which are paid upfront, while revenue is recognized ratably each quarter. Our indirect revenue, about 10% of our total, is also half recurring. Partners like telecom carriers and employee benefit providers pay us every month as they provide our products to their customer base. On the first day of the quarter, we have visibility on over 70% of our revenue coming off our balance sheet, and as I mentioned, over 95% of our total revenue is recurring.  
Secondly, we have minimal reliance on physical retail or OEM partners. The bookings generated by these channels represent about 5% of our total bookings and the revenues included in the indirect part of our business. This 5% might be impacted by a prolonged health crisis, and we will be conservative with our forecasting. However, we do not believe travel restrictions or supply chain disruptions have much impact on our distribution capabilities overall.  
Lastly, and most importantly, we are providing tremendous and relevant value for a monthly ARPU of $9. During this environment when consumers are spending almost all of their time at home and online, we're providing a round-the-clock protection for our members. We've all heard about increasing instances of online criminal activity. In April, our restoration team already started handling the first cases of identity theft related to COVID-19 subsidy payments. The opportunity for cyber crime has substantially increased, and we know that Norton 360 is helping our customers manage their online activities with more confidence knowing that Norton 360 is keeping them safe.  
In the back half of Q4 and during the month of April, we have seen this customer confidence in our products reflected in solid renewal rates and new bookings. So our mission to protect everyone's digital life is more relevant than ever. And our business and financial model is as resilient as any in these uncertain times.  
Now our balance sheet and cash position are equally strong. At the end of the quarter, after dividend payments and buyback, our cash balance was $2.3 billion. As a result of refinancing actions taken in Q3, we have addressed all debt maturities until the end of fiscal year 2022. Our various stress tests show that we are well capitalized with strong liquidity and plenty of financial flexibility to strategically invest in our business, make interest payments and continue to return cash to our shareholders. Our balance sheet and capital structure give us optionality to make accretive stocking acquisitions, return further capital through buybacks or both. Matt will provide you with more details about the financial and the liquidity strength in his section.  
So what about the stranded costs, you might ask. Well, if I only talk about it now it is because I consider the transition to be almost done with all decisions made to cross the finish line in August. We've run our transition to a pure-play consumer company at a rapid and decisive pace. 
As I stand in front of you today on May 14, essentially all transitions have been serviced and closed. All stranded job elimination notifications have been made, and our operational head count today is around 2,500. Q1 and the beginning of Q2 will reflect the last asset write-offs and other scheduled restructuring activities. By August, we will have spent a cumulative total of $750 million in cash stranded costs. The total proceeds from the sales of underutilized assets are still projected to be around $1.5 billion, and we have already realized half of it from the sales of DigiCert and ID Analytics, fully funding the cash stranded costs. The other half is made up of various properties that we put up for sale. Prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, we had multiple offers for each of the building we own. While some contract negotiations have been slowed down, we are confident in our ability to monetize this asset in the near future. We believe that our bargaining position is enhanced by our strong balance sheet and cash position. By the end of the summer, our transition should be completed, officially done in 9 months, which is 3 months faster than initially planned.  
In fiscal year 2020, we sold the Enterprise business for $11 billion and rightsized the infrastructure functions to be leaner and nimbler, taking out $1.5 billion in annual run rate cost out. In fiscal year '21, it is all about the productivity of our product innovation and selling motions for our consumer business. We can now focus all of our attention and energy on developing great products, taking a platform approach through upselling various levels of membership and optimizing our marketing in an environment where consumers might be increasingly receptive to our products and services.  
We are passionate about our mission to protect people's online activities. We are building a leadership team that is dedicated to fulfilling that consumer needs, and you will hear more about our progress in the future.  
I will now pass the call over to my business partner, Samir, for more details on our product initiatives, selling motions and our position going into fiscal year '21.

Thanks, Matt. Let me now provide our Q1 outlook and also discuss our long-term growth strategy for NortonLifeLock. 
March trends continued into April. Quarter-to-date, we generated slightly positive customer net adds and almost mid-single-digit booking growth overall. Direct-to-consumers booking grew high single digit in April as people continue to adapt to life working from home. This growth was partially offset by decline in our retail sales, impacting our overall indirect partner sales. Maintaining this net positive trend, we expect revenue in the range of $590 million to $605 million or 0% to 2% growth when normalizing for IDA and the extra week in Q1 fiscal year '20. This revenue outlook is supported by bookings growth in the low to mid-single-digit range. 
We expect Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.18 to $0.22 per share with the business operating at approximately 50% profit margin when excluding the stranded cost. As stranded activities are expected to be fully eliminated by August, although we will write off additional assets in Q1 with the goal to be over 90% done by the end of June. 
In fiscal year '20, we returned to previous marketing investment levels, primarily targeted at direct acquisition programs. And we will continue to invest in our distribution and product road map for long-term impact. While these initiatives take time to generate revenue, we are very encouraged to see 3 consecutive quarter of low to mid-single-digit bookings growth year-over-year. 
I also said that while we have a fantastic opportunity to define a simple and reliable path to cyber safety, it won't be a linear road by any means. Certainly, no one could have anticipated the world to go into a full lockdown only a month after we last gave guidance. While we will be cautious and agile in managing our business, our mission to protect and safely enable customer digital lives is more relevant than ever. 
And with that, Matt, Samir and I are now happy to take any questions. Operator?

Yes. So let me first go back at the core. As we develop the cyber safety membership, Norton 360, we have underlying growth drivers, which is that more and more consumers are driving their operations, their lives online, and they want to do that in a safe environment. We have, since we became NortonLifelock in November, reinvested in marketing to make our products known out there. We had launched Norton 360 at the beginning of this fiscal year, as you know, and we pushed that rollout through. We were on a steady path, if you want, turning a situation where we had a declining customer count into bringing more and more new customers. It was passed through the quarter. We saw in the month of March, more demand and slow conversion or realization of that increased demand. We saw that through the month of April. And obviously, you can understand that all of the activities from working from home, not wanting to go into the shopping malls and all of those things, have only increased the need for better protection online. As you mentioned, that was offset partially by the fact that at physical stores, we couldn't go and buy a token or one of our products, but that was a mild offset. So we're encouraged by the trends. It will be a long-term trend. We believe that will continue, which is more people will work from home, will live their life online and will need our products.

So we have reduced now our head count to what our long-term model structure is for the consumer business, about 2,500. And with that, we've vacated the buildings that are not needed anymore. We put them for sale and roll them off our P&L, put them on our balance sheet, teed up for sales. We've had multiple offers for each one of those buildings. And then through the outbreak, as you imagine, those discussions slowed down, some drop. Some tried to do an accelerated path coming back into the offers around, if you want. And it will take -- our expectation is that it will take a little bit more time. We have not revised our value down. We're not pressed for cash, as you know, and we have multiple options, including in the short term, one of the buyer came back with a short-term lease, while they were figuring out they need. So from that perspective, I don't see any impact in our operational business, and it's about time to cash in terms of realizing these underutilized assets.

No, absolutely. So at a very high level, if you take the 3 areas that drive growth. One is, number one, more customers. The second one is offering a great product that they want at a higher level of membership. And you know we roll out Norton 360. We now have about 25% of our installed base into Norton 360, and that increased engagement. And the third one is to increase retention. We have great operational teams driving each 1 of those 3 areas and driving for growth. As I shared a quarter ago and shared with the team all the time, it's a balance between all those 3 drivers, but the #1 metric is increasing the customer count. Behind that, it is the marketing investment, it's the Net Promoter Scores and the customer satisfaction, and we're driving that. If you see our retention, it has improved in each one of the cohort by tenure. But you know that the first year of tenure is a lower retention and an increase as they've seen to our portfolio. And so the increased retention as they engage more and more on Norton 360 is slightly offset because we're returning to customer growth. Overall, though, it's all value for the business.

Yes, absolutely. So as you imagine, at the beginning days of the COVID-19 outbreak went back to a lot of scenarios. We also went back to what happened in 2008, look at the retention rate during that time. And actually, it was pretty resilient and sustainable even then. Now every environment or every crisis is unique, and this one brings something that is very different. It changes the way we operate our lives. It changes the way we work. It changes the way we interact, the way we shop. And I think there is an underlying acceleration of the need for more privacy, more security online. That's why you see companies like Logitech selling more video conferencing systems, and us with that selling more security products. And I think the trends of having more awareness of few lives moving online is a structural trend. Now it may be impacting in the short term here and there by different economic headwind, but I think we're well positioned from that. 
And we have the perfect solution, launching last year the Norton 360 membership, we saw an acceleration of the adoption rate through the last 2 quarters, and we're pretty pleased by that.

So you're right. We have, at a high level, about 6 levels of membership, and it starts with what I would call basic securities and then add various level of functionalities, password managers and others. And then for the last 3 membership, it includes the identity. So that's Norton 360 with LifeLock and start basic and finish that premium. We've seen a good adoption of that Norton 360 across. When we sell today, so the new customer acquired in the vast majority on the Norton 360 platform, we're not going to share now between the different membership where the ratio is, but we've seen good adoption, and we expect that to continue over the next 4 quarters as we go through fiscal year 21.

Very good question. So as you mentioned, early March, we saw a drop in marketing rates. We were already trying to shift or doing shifting between long-form TV ads into more social and dynamic advertising. So we're in the process of improving the productivity of our recently increased marketing spend. I think we discussed in the last call that you first raise your marketing level and then you maintain that level for a consistent period to improve over time. We've seen a low double-digit improvement in our a CAC, customer acquisition cost, to the quarter, and we plan to leverage that, balance it between profitability and/or reinvestment as we see growth momentum mainly international.

So as you know, right, for the last 2 quarter -- 3 quarters, we increased our marketing spend, it's really shifted for the last 2 quarters with over 100,000 new customers acquired. Our retention rates have been very stable, around 85%, and it's really about increasing the productivity and the return from our marketing investments. So it's net new coming from direct consumer acquisition programs.

Yes. I think we mentioned it, right. So we raised our marketing investment. 2 things we're doing is doing more social and pay search or search paid that goes into more quick returns than the long-form TV. And then it's moving more of our marketing dollars internationally. In the past and certainly in fiscal year '19, the marketing investment were solely dig in to the U.S. And so we've expanded that internationally as we roll out our Norton 360, now more than 43 countries. And then as we maintain this investment at a certain level, we should see a continuous improvement of our CAC as we progress through fiscal year '21.

So we actually saw very solid trends of retention in the month of March and April. We are not forecasting, if you want, dramatic change in retention. We've seen increased engagement from customers moving to Norton 360 platform and that increased the retention, and then that has to be offset with bringing new customers and continuously growing our customer base with the first year retention being lower than the average we mentioned. And we have, of course, a program trying to improve the retention rate of the first year cohort. So as I mentioned, it's a balance between ARPU, retention and new customer counts. And our #1 objective is to grow customer count sustainably for the long term.

Thank you. We believe NortonLifeLock has a unique opportunity to build the best portfolio addressing the consumers' ever-evolving needs for cyber safety. While the economic environment might be volatile and uncertain, our resilient business model and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to execute our business plan with minimal interruption. We are adapting as we go. We are tactically focused on delivering to our best potential every single day. We have a bias for action and a mission to make the world cyber safe. Thank you for joining us today.