Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. We are disappointed that we missed our total company revenue guidance for Q3 despite what we feel was an otherwise good quarter for our business. 
Our Consumer Digital Safety segment achieved the high end of our revenue guidance for the quarter. Our Enterprise segment, on the other hand, recognized less revenue than we forecast despite selling and invoicing more business than we planned. This was due to an increasing mix shift towards our ratable, subscription and cloud-delivered products that reduced in-period revenue recognition. Most of my prepared remarks will focus on our Enterprise segment.
As we've discussed on prior calls, to grow our Enterprise business, since the combination of Symantec and Blue Coat, we have focused on building our Enterprise sales force team, who in turn create the pipeline to grow the business. We had the right level of capacity and selling activity from our Enterprise sales force in Q3, but we did not correctly forecast the perpetual product and license versus ratable mix, which resulted in lower in-period revenue and a larger increase in our deferred revenue balance. Our customers are purchasing our ratable products much more frequently than we anticipated in our plans in FY '18. We now expect this ratable mix shift trend to continue to a point where traditional license and appliance product sales become the exception in our business. As our cloud and subscription solutions have reached parity with our traditional appliance products, our customers are adopting our ratable solution at an increasing pace due to their evolving buying preference for cloud and subscription form factors and differentiation from our solutions. Our Enterprise strategy always embraced this shift in both our selling motion and our product road maps, but the pace of this transition has far exceeded our expectations.
We are winning the volume of business that we expected, as is represented by our implied billings growth, which is up 27% year-over-year for Enterprise in the third quarter, as adjusted for the divestiture of our Certificate Authority business. However, the shift towards a ratable revenue mix is a significant trend for us and will continue. As a result, we are reducing our Q4 and FY '18 Enterprise revenue guidance to incorporate a higher ratable mix for our Enterprise business going forward and will be providing expectations for implied billings in Q4.
Ultimately, this change in our Enterprise revenue model results in a greater visibility and more predictable cash flow generation. You can see strength in Q3 implied billings growth, deferred revenue and cash flow. We believe these become increasingly important financial metrics for us as we're now a more ratable business.
For Q3, even with our Enterprise revenue shortfall, we performed well against other financial metrics. Operating margin exceeded our guidance as we realized continued cost efficiencies. EPS benefited from those cost efficiencies as well as from U.S. tax reform. And we generated strong cash flow from operations, which should benefit going forward from our strong business momentum, deferred revenue and the drop-off in costs associated with our restructuring initiatives.
Turning to the market and how we are doing with customers. Our cross-selling strategy is working. Symantec is increasingly closing larger deals with multiproduct platform sales. Enterprise customers are designing us into their security architectures by adopting our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. They are choosing our platform because it offers superior protection, cross-product integration, and a lower overall cost of ownership. In particular, the proxy refresh opportunity in our installed base has allowed customers to bring us into their next-generation architecture, securing their adoption of cloud and cloud applications. 
In doing so, customers are increasingly choosing our cloud and virtual appliance proxies over our traditional appliance form factor. The integration of our network and endpoint products has been an enabler for our cross-sell strategy as customers look to leverage the integrations between our Enterprise products to consolidate vendors and enhance security posture.
Increased adoption of our cloud proxy also makes it easier and more cost-effective for the customers to deploy additional security from Symantec, such as multi-factor authentication, e-mail protection, protection for cloud applications as well as data loss prevention, without requiring the customer to deploy appliances.
This success is validating the long-term growth prospects for Symantec in our vast installed base. In our large Enterprise base, our new bookings are typically sold with a 3-year license term that are billed upfront to customers, similar to many of our peers in other Enterprise sector. For our large Enterprise renewals business, we follow industry standard practices with respect to discounting contract terms with firm policy and practice around extensions.
Since the beginning of fiscal 2018, when we realigned our sales force and simplified our Enterprise business, we have seen a number of deals over $1 million grow from 37 in the first quarter to 47 in the second quarter to more than 100 in the third quarter, which is a substantial increase from a year ago. We displaced competitors in the majority of these opportunities last quarter.
A customer example of this: In the third quarter, one of the world's largest construction companies, a long-time Symantec and Blue Coat customer, chose our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform based on our ability to combine existing solutions to extend the security to their cloud infrastructure. Where we were previously securing all of their endpoint, DLP and network infrastructure, we refreshed their existing installed base for an additional 3 years and extended our presence with Symantec Endpoint Protection 14.1, DLP, PGP and Proxy. We won on our ability to integrate our solutions across the entire portfolio. This deal would not have been possible before the combination of Symantec and Blue Coat and a great majority of this transaction is ratable business. There are many more examples of our success in selling our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform within our Q3 cohort of deals over $1 million.
The strength of our Endpoint Protection solution is one area where our competitive advantage continues to widen. Endpoint has become a growth driver in enabling us to bring customers additional capabilities through our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform.
I am pleased to announce that last week, Symantec has also, once again, been positioned in the Leaders Quadrant of the January 2018 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms which we believe is further validation of our continued leadership in Endpoint. Symantec is positioned the furthest among all other vendors in the Leaders Quadrant on both execution and vision. I encourage you to take a look at the new vendor positioning in this Magic Quadrant, which we believe illustrates how the market and key criteria for these endpoint products is evolving.
To bring that leadership to another customer example. In the third quarter, a global Fortune 500 financial services company chose our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, with Endpoint being the primary driver of this deal. In this transaction, Symantec displaced 9 vendors across 22 product areas. And in addition to selecting our platform over several different point solutions, in many product areas, the customer chose the cloud form factor of our solution.
Another customer example of the vendor consolidation and ratable product adoption we are seeing involved one of the world's largest Fintech companies. They chose Symantec to consolidate their security vendor landscape while gaining a stronger overall security posture. This customer eliminated 8 other security vendors across multiple product areas, reducing the risk, integration and sustainment expenses required to stitch together a portfolio point solutions, and realized new integrations across their security architecture. The customer concluded this would improve their security posture and increase their productivity. Where previously, this customer had deployed 2 of our solutions, with our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, the customer is now using 9 solutions from Symantec, 5 of which are cloud solutions.
Now let me turn to our Consumer Digital Safety business which had a strong quarter. Recall that only 18 months ago, this business was in decline, with decreasing retention rates and ARPU. Today, our Consumer Digital Safety business has been transformed. Revenue in the third quarter was at the high end of our guidance range, with an organic growth rate of 4% year-over-year in constant currency. We experienced 53% operating margins and an increased ARPU.
In summary, we are pleased with the volume of business across our Enterprise and Consumer segments, with continued strong adoption of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform and our Enterprise business and the solid performance of our Consumer Digital Safety business. We recognize that we underestimated the timing of the shift in our Enterprise business towards a higher ratable revenue mix and have reflected this change in our guidance. 
Nick will discuss our financial results in more detail and provide our outlook. Nick?

Thank you, Nick. I am told I am a pretty optimistic person. In spite of our third quarter revenue miss, I have never been more excited about the opportunity ahead at Symantec. Our strategy, technology and value propositions are resonating with customers, and we are executing well on our growth drivers. We are largely a service-delivered software company now. We are winning in the marketplace as customers design us into their future security architecture. We are disappointed that we did not accurately forecast the speed of the ratable mix shift in our Enterprise segment, but this transition is a long-term benefit for our business and we have good reasons for optimism about our future growth prospects.
In Enterprise, our pipeline of business continues to grow. As we head into fiscal 2019, we expect to deploy even more sales capacity into the field. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is resonating with customers who don't want to stitch together a portfolio of point solutions, and our cloud solutions are leading the way.
Our Enterprise business remains healthy with implied billings growth up 27% and deferred revenue up 23% year-over-year in the third quarter, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures.
Our Enterprise growth strategy is intact, driven by the TAM we operate in, the cross-sell and upsell opportunity we have by nature of our large installed base and the sales capacity we have in the field. These drivers are expected to provide momentum to continue to support our medium-term Enterprise revenue growth outlook.
Our Consumer Digital Safety has transformed into a growing business with future growth opportunities in cross-selling and international expansion. We have now set guidance at levels that reflect the Enterprise segment financial model transition, which will provide us with higher revenue visibility going forward, and this entire management team and Symantec employees are focused on delivering the growth potential we have worked so hard to create. 
With that, Nick and I are happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes, hey, Brad, thanks for the question. So what we're seeing in our proxy refresh, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is that we're getting a lot of that business coming in our cloud form factor, people buying our cloud version of our proxy. And in addition to that, we are seeing a strong uptick of our proxy customers really going after protecting the cloud applications with our CASB and the cloud form factor on top of the proxy stack. What that means is we are hitting the right number of dollars in that refresh, but it's coming in the cloud-delivered form factor and also in our software-defined networking element, which is our virtual client, the ProxySG. So customers are picking those choices more than they used to, which means we're selling less appliances. But we are in a good place with the proxy refresh. And we believe that our conversion rates in the proxy refresh are strong like they were last time. And our customers that purchased that from us are very happy that we have extended the value proposition of the on-premise story from 4 years ago to the cloud generation. And so to answer your question, we believe the proxy refresh is in good shape, but the mix has shifted to ratable form factor.

Just to add one piece to that, Brad. We know that you need contract length. We are going to do more for you in Q4 on that, but we do have very strict adherence to standard terms for new business around contract length. And also for renewal business around contract length. We also have aligned our sales commission plans with these terms, so we're incented to keep that in the right place. And we're doing work on these topics. We expect to have more commentary for you following our Q4 actuals as we move into '19. I think it's important to note that Q3 marks the second quarter of us selling our Integrated Cyber Defense package, which is the integration between a lot of the Symantec elements and the Blue Coat elements. So we have a couple of quarters of actuals there. We are happy with how our sales force has been behaving against our stated terms.

No, I think there's a lot of products in our Enterprise business, and I think it's important just to focus on a couple of those elements. We are seeing a really strong uptake in the initial release of our EDR capabilities in what we call SEP 14.1. That is the SEP 14.1 with our ATP package, that is going well in our endpoint installed base. And we're also seeing a very strong uptake of the DLP attachment to our cloud stack, which is very, very good business for us. We have a bigger DLP installed base and that is a very strong market for us that's happening, especially in the limelight of compliance issues in GDPR. Outside of that, I think we are selling an Integrated Cyber Defense package. It is a bundle of components. And I tried to talk about in the examples in my prepared remarks that when we do go in and sell a set of those products that we're seeing a larger proportion of the ratable form factor of those. A comment on that, I think, is helpful in terms of understanding what's doing well. When we offer a consumer an appliance form factor or a very powerful virtual appliance form factor. We are seeing more propensity to purchase the more flexible and -- more flexible deployment model that you get from the software-defined side. And in addition to that, because we have such a good growth in the cloud area, we are seeing things like our cloud DLP carrying good water. So it's more mix shift, and we're very happy with the total level of selling volume in Q3. We sold what we thought we were going to sell and the major product lines that our growth prospects were on fared well in that. And as you could see, it's hard on the conference call to talk about each separate product line because there are quite a few of them. We have a very elaborate set of elements to our Integrated Cyber Defense, so hopefully that's helpful.

And I think, Sarah, the transition from an operations point of view of the team and the infrastructure and stuff over to DigiCert, and them getting going in the market. That's in hands over there. They are excellent at what they do and the cornerstone of the Symantec team is there. And they're continuing to meet their deliverables. We're a big customer of it, and we've seen nothing wrong. So we think that's going well in the market. They are the 900-pound gorilla of certificate authorities now, and I think they can -- they've got a good future ahead.

Yes, I think I can't, I would say, praise our internal team on the LifeLock-Norton integration work, that has gone extremely well. And we did have a very good quarter, as you can see in our results. And I think we're expecting to see another great result in Q4. But just in general, that package is extremely valued by the consumer community. We saw, as we reported in our remarks, a slight increase in subscribers. And we -- if you go back 18 months ago and have a look at what was happening in the business at that point in time, that was different. And we are seeing really promising conversion rates at renewal between -- when we present the bundled offering to either side of the cohort, whether it'd be the LifeLock side or the Norton side. So we do think we are going to see a stable business there going forward.

Okay. Yes, so thanks for the question, Melissa, and let me start off on the first part. So what we are offering when we go into a customer is -- don't think of it as we're showing up with a bunch of Blue Coat product and then a bunch of Symantec products. We're showing up with an integrated product suite where we have really done the work to integrate the important elements of our proxy stack with the key pieces of the Symantec portfolio. And to give you an example, if we want to take care of PII compliance in cloud applications for Enterprise customers, which is a very strong market right now, we come to the customer with an offering that says you can put that in on-premise proxies or you can put that in our cloud proxies. And it's integrated with the DLP. We have a cloud DLP module, and you can get it integrated with our multifactor authenticator, which is our VIP product. And when we show up with those things integrated and ready to go, what we're seeing is our customers are picking the cloud form factor of that and the virtual appliance form factor of that way more often than we thought they were going to. We thought we might be seeing -- in some of the -- even in the more regulated industries, we're seeing the cloud adoption faster than we thought. And when we look at what's in the bill of materials in the pipelines and we see the big elements of that in there, that is what is getting us to advise the community that we see this as a long-term trend and we're taking down that -- we're increasing the ratable software percentage in the business and our long-term models to accommodate for that. But it really is customer choice and the fact that we have integrated the product sets together in a way that is very compelling. And when you see that, you don't have to buy an appliance and deploy it, and you don't have to go and do a bunch of work. And you can turn it on just like you do at software delivered as a service. It is winning in the market and that is where we think there's a long-term trend. The value proposition is strong. And we think it's -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are a service-delivered software company.

Melissa, when we get to our fourth quarter announcement, we will printed another quarter. And we'll be able to give you some really good indications of how we think that's going to go.

But I think, Gabriela, to answer your downmarket question on some of the new offerings we have. We have some -- we did some announcements in the quarter that I think are really powerful. We announced product in AWS, we announced product in Azure, we announced product in the Google Cloud and we also have a SEP cloud product which is being represented by Tier 1 Telecom, a company that was also announced. That is bringing very powerful technology to a mid-market and even small market, where you can get the power of the Symantec Endpoint Protection or cloud managed. And that is a route that is definitely enhanced by some of those new products. Over time, we do hope to rebuild our prior dominance in the small because we have some very, very strong products there and some of our competitors didn't fare well in the malware crisis amongst those kind of companies that really don't have an IT staff. We also have made good progress with some of the managed security service providers. We announced a very good deal with Airtel in India, bringing that product set into the top few thousand customers in India with them. So we are -- I think the ability for us to deliver in cloud does open up easier routes to deployment and new customer segments.

Yes. So I think we've got really strong traction with the proxy stack, CASB, DLP, multifactor, AWS and then upselling that into ability to process e-mail. That is a great set of stuff where you've got to go get 4 vendors today and you can get 1. And it's a real crisis on cloud compliance right now. And that's in that top cohort. That's great. That is a really strong piece of business for us. And in some of the examples, you can see, were like that. The other area which is great is we're having a pretty good time right now picking up the other adjacencies to the endpoint market. And the reason why we won the Gartner Magic Quadrant this year on both the vision and execution. So not just because we're big and we can do a lot, we actually got there on ability to deliver a feature set that's relevant right now. We are now able with 1 agent to go in and take down all of the EDR pieces as well as the deception, and then we can come back and then cross-sell our DLP endpoint in there as well. And we're -- we, later on, as we talked about when we announced the Symantec-Blue Coat merger, we will be delivering a very strong integration of that endpoint with our proxy stack as well. We think that that's the on-ramp to the cloud for the future, and that's a really nice place for us. So we've got -- in that cross-sell, we've got a number of angles that fit that sort of top 10,000 accounts and we have a sales force. And I think the #1 thing that gave me a lot of conviction about Q3 was could our sales force sell it. And the answer to that is our sales force did sell it and you can see it in those billings numbers. And for those of you that [ Sarah Kettler ] talk about the term, we know, and we're going to get you that data.

So let me take the last question first, John, and I'll pass the other one back over to Nick to give you some insights. So every time there is a set of proxies that come up for refresh, and these dates are published on our website, every competitor on the planet tries to come in there and get those. Last time this happened, the same thing, they even built web pages for it. So it's a competitive situation. And that's just the way it is. And -- but switching it out is a little more difficult than just going and getting a new one. There's policies in there that you've got to go change and that kind of thing. What we've done with the -- with our [indiscernible] status is we have virtual appliances that are ratable, that are if you put them on the right underlying hardware platform with the right network stuff that was built for virtual machines, they are capacity comparable to a ProxySG piece of hardware. So those do move from hardware to virtual because it's easier for people to deal with it in their big VMware installations and things like that. Then we get the reason why people would buy more capacity often is the roaming users and the roaming users are being picked up by the cloud form factor more often than not. And when they add the ability to take care of cloud applications through things like CASB, they actually prefer that, that runs in an Amazon kind of form instantiation. So we do see what would be the traditional upsell in a refresh being ratable in a pretty strong way. And then the last Blue Coat refresh, we picked up a lot of the other adjacencies at the time which were like the malware analyzers and the decryptors and that kind of stuff. The adjacencies in this refresh are the CASBs and the roaming user pieces which are all cloud based. So again, it is competitive. I think the other thing, too -- when people rely on channel checks to see how much the box movers are moving boxes, box movers aren't as relevant anymore as they used to be in this because there's SLAs and MSAs. And so the routes to some of this stuff is different than it was a few years ago, okay. Probably you wanted a forecast.

And guys, I really take full responsibility and I apologize for not getting that right. We've talked about mix on the conference calls a number of times over -- while we've been in the transformation of Symantec. We talked about when we mix lots of line items together on the same purchase order, it hurts that what would be the in-period pieces of that if you put a discount on it, it gets carved back into the maintenance pieces. We talked about the fact that we got it wrong and we sold more cloud. And we did not expect to see the volumes of that, that happened and that is definitely something that we are seriously doing better on now.