Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. For the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we posted operating results above our guidance. Our top line results were driven by both our Enterprise Security business, which achieved revenue above guidance, and solid revenue performance from our Consumer Digital Safety business. We achieved total company operating margins of approximately 32%, above our guidance. We generated strong cash flow from operations of $377 million in the third quarter, up substantially year-over-year. 
In Enterprise Security, we delivered revenue of $616 million, $31 million above the high end of our guidance range. And after a difficult first half of the year, we are pleased with the return to revenue growth in Enterprise Security, which grew 3% organically. 
Our third quarter implied billings of $772 million at an average ratable billings duration of approximately 18 months, represents one of the highest performance quarters for Symantec since the divestiture of Veritas. We are pleased with customer adoption in the quarter and, as a result, are guiding our full year fiscal 2019 Enterprise Security revenue higher. Importantly, third quarter duration was in line with our expectations and consistent with the prior year-ago period. Our growth in contract liabilities grew 9% quarter-over-quarter and 23% year-over-year, excluding the impact of adoption of ASC 606. 
We continue to build a large installed base of customers, which provides us with opportunities to execute on our cross-sell strategy and, longer term, creates a higher renewal base. We continue to bring to market the world's most powerful cyber defense technologies. These last few months have been extremely productive in product development. 
One of the biggest challenges in the security industry is the lack of skilled security professionals to meet the needs of the enterprise. Our customers have heavily benefited from our leading Managed Security Services, which provides expert threat hunting across their security estate. We were very pleased to announce of this week the release of our Managed Endpoint Detection and Response service, or MEDR, which allows us to attach a focused threat hunting service to our large installed base of endpoint security customers. This expands our value substantially to our installed base, especially in light of the skill shortage in the industry. Symantec is one of the few organizations that can deliver this kind of assistance on a global basis. 
This week, we also announced several pioneering enhancements to our endpoint security offering, including the ability to isolate individual files and applications and place controls around them to mitigate even unknown attacks. This technology, developed internally, allows our customers to adopt the most aggressive defense posture on the endpoint. 
We have also announced our Threat Defense for Active Directory, which addresses the #1 mechanism that attackers use to move laterally and expand their reach inside an Enterprise. This product is based upon a technology that comes from our acquisition of Javelin Networks in early November. We are pleased with the speed with which our organization has delivered this value to our large installed base. 
These new solutions show the ability of our teams to organically innovate as well as rapidly integrate technologies from acquisitions. Gartner already recognizes Symantec in the leader's quadrant of their 2018 Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms, where our solutions scored the highest among all other vendors based on our completeness of vision and ability to execute. We believe these pioneering enhancements to our endpoint offering further distances us from our competitors and strengthens our business case with the customer. 
The strength of our Integrated Cyber Defense platform continues to be recognized by our customers and the industry. In November, Forrester named Symantec as a leader and a "juggernaut" in Zero Trust. For those unfamiliar with the term, Symantec believes that, in the long term, our customers will operate on third-party controlled infrastructure but still retain responsibility for their users and the associated data that they're entrusted with. We are focused on bringing innovative solutions to this rapidly changing risk profile driven by the massive cloud adoption underway across the globe. 
At Symantec, it has long been our mission to deliver security for a perimeter-less world. From our first mover acquisition of Elastica in the CASB space and Fireglass in the Web Isolation space, we have built an integrated platform that allows customers to implement a security architecture that protects against even the most sophisticated threats in the cloud generation. 
For customers, implementing a perimeter-less architecture, or Zero Trust, means selecting vendors that provide superior protection and cross-product integration. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform offers this as well as what we believe is a lower overall cost of ownership versus the alternative of self-integrating multi-vendor technologies. 
Turning to our customer wins in the third quarter. We are excited about the number of different verticals that are adopting our platform at scale and in different geographies, and we view this as a major indicator of the potential for our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform across the globe. 
In the third quarter, a European household appliance manufacturing company signed an 8-figure deal as they adopted a substantial footprint of our Integrated Cyber Defense solution, SEP. This is a great example of how CIOs are recognizing not only the breadth of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform but also its superior protection and cross-product integration. 
In Asia Pacific, a major securities and derivatives trading exchange that was a SEP customer expanded their Symantec footprint and adopted our cloud security stack, which includes CASB, cloud proxy, DLP, Web Isolation and cloud malware analysis. This customer chose Symantec to help them securely move to the cloud because of the strength of our integration between our endpoint technology and our powerful cloud security portfolio. 
A global Fortune 500 power company, which already had a SEP installed base, was looking to build an internal SOC in face of a limited talent pool. In a 7-figure win against 2 large managed service providers, the customer purchased Advanced Threat Protection, SEP Mobile, Managed Security Services, DeepSight, Cyber Security Services and Managed Endpoint Detection and Response service. The customer realized that our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform could improve operational efficiencies, resulting in a faster ROI as well as reduce its soft staffing requirements. 
We're also seeing customers of all sizes being able to deploy our technology at a rapid pace and positively resetting their expectations of time to value for security products. 
To give one example, a regional hospital in Northern Europe purchased 4,000 licenses of our SEP and EDR endpoint technologies in late December. This purchase was the first phase of a rollout that would replace a competitive endpoint product which was about to reach the end of its license period in March. The hospital had cautiously planned to renew their existing solution for an additional year to create overlap and cover the possibility of a lengthy rollout. 
In January, 3 weeks after their Symantec purchase, all 4,000 seats of our endpoint protection had been deployed significantly ahead of schedule. As a result, this customer is in the process of procuring and deploying an additional 10,000 seats, and they expect to avoid the planned license cost of the 1-year overlap with our competitor. 
Let me now turn to our Consumer Digital Safety business. We are pleased with the third quarter outcome for Consumer Digital Safety, which was in line with our guidance. The third quarter marked the first anniversary of the cyber safety subscribers we acquired in connection with the 2017 Equifax breach, and we are pleased that we grew revenue against this difficult period compare. The core tenets of our cyber safety platform include identity protection, malware protection, privacy, as well as home and family safety. We extended our platform with the launch of Norton Privacy Manager, which is a relevant topic in recent times and we believe a defining element in the minds of consumers. 
In the third quarter, we announced a strategic partnership with Aon, which we view as a validation of our longer-term strategy to drive consumer adoption through business-to-business-to-consumer relationships. Aon offers solutions to help high-net-worth individuals to defend their assets against cybercriminals. Our offering to Aon customers will include features across our Consumer Digital Safety platform. Cyber safety is synergistic with many brands globally such as insurers, banks, telecom providers and other member organizations that are anchored in trust. As we expand cyber safety internationally and address a growing array of vertical needs, we believe partnerships such as Aon will expand the value we bring to customers and the revenue potential for our consumer business.
Turning back to the company performance in the third quarter. We are pleased with the results. 
Before I turn over to Nick, I wanted to take a moment to recognize his leadership and many contributions to our company. As we announced in our press release earlier today, Nick will be stepping down from his role as CFO in the coming months to pursue other opportunities. It has been a great privilege to work alongside Nick, first at Blue Coat and now at Symantec, where he has played an important role in successfully transforming our company, through the integration of both Blue Coat and LifeLock, the substantial improvements we've made in our business systems and processes and in helping me and the Executive team set the stage for Symantec's next chapter of growth and shareholder value creation. 
Nick and I worked closely for over 3 years, and I'm grateful to have had such a committed, focused and talented partner. On behalf of the entire Symantec team, I thank Nick and wish him all the best in the next chapter of his professional life. 
We are initiating a search process to identify a new CFO. While we're working expeditiously to conduct the search, we are committed to taking the time we need to find the best candidate for the role. We are grateful that Nick is staying onboard throughout that search process to help identify a strong successor and will remain with the company until mid-2019 to ensure a seamless and orderly transition. 
In addition, today, we announced the appointment of Matt Brown as our Chief Accounting Officer effectively immediately. Matt has served has Symantec's Vice President, Corporate Controller since 2016 and is a valued member of our financial organization. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Nick for the financial details.

Thank you, Nick. As Nick discussed, we are pleased with the third quarter and look forward to delivering on our fourth quarter guidance. After a difficult first half in FY '19, regaining momentum in the business is our core focus. As we raised revenue guidance in fiscal year 2019 to reflect our outperformance in Enterprise Security in the third quarter, this resulted in a higher revenue comparison, which affects the period compare in fiscal year 2020. Our comments on FY '20 outlook is based on the change in period compare from our increased FY '19 outlook. I would note that we are closely watching the widely reported concerns on potential softening of global economic growth as a material amount of our business is from outside the U.S. 
With that said, it's important to note that we're still seeing a healthy pipeline in our Enterprise Security business. And over the long term, we believe that the cyber defense market has tailwinds for our business. The third quarter marks another quarter of installed basis expansion, which benefits future renewals. 
Finally, we have increased our shareholder purchase authorization, which is a signal of our confidence and our ability to continue to drive strong operating cash flow and growth. 
Thank you very much for your time. Nick and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Thanks. Saket, thanks for the question. I think, as we have reported and we saw in FY '18, seasonally, the 2 big quarters for Symantec are the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And we're just entering our fourth quarter. So we do usually have a strong book of business in the back half of the year. As you can see from our guidance, were planning on delivering another substantial quarter in the fourth quarter. So our pipeline is good. We do also believe that we have the sales capacity in place. Even though we had a difficult first half, we feel like the sales capacity we have rolling into our fourth quarter is sufficient. In terms of demand, cyber defense continues to be a board-level and C-level topic across the globe. And I think there's plenty of opportunity for us to be able to, as I said in the prepared remarks, over the long term, deliver some good results for the business. So fourth quarter, sales capacity, good; pipeline, where it needs to be.

Yes. So I think, yes, we definitely stand behind our comments that we've made in our prior conference calls about the shift to cloud, and we do believe that, that's going to continue. And so we think that the size of the business is quite large and small movements in mix for certain things is definitely in our future, but we stand behind our prior statements about how we think about that going forward. It is nice to see some of our large installed base of appliances are being procured broad-based, which -- across the globe because that is still there and there's still a capacity need that happens in there. But we definitely think that, going forward, our comments on mix are still solid.

Yes, so we are still seeing a very strong element of the form factors in cloud based. WSS, cloud access brokers are a big piece of what happens. And we do get appliance refreshes also because capacity needs to increase there and things wear out. And as you can see in this quarter, we definitely saw some of that. I can say it wasn't one big deal. It's kind of across the geographies and broad-based. But again, it's a big business, and $30 million of mix is not a substantial swinger either way. I wouldn't read too much into it. We do believe that the cloud transformation is ongoing. And we think that, as we look to the future, that's where work is, and we look forward to talking about that when we guide 2020.

I think what's benefiting us at the procurement table is the fact that we are bringing a bunch more products to the table, which allows us to have more flexibility on pricing. So depending upon the competitive mix, it gives us a lot of different choices. But I definitely think, over time, people will value the fact that they don't have to integrate the pieces and they get them from us, which should allow us to command a little bit more price than perhaps a more commoditized elements of the bill of materials. So we think that we have aspirations for that to be a supporter of ASP as we go forward because we believe over time people will value that integration and pay for it.

So I think we announced last quarter, I can't remember exactly what the date was, restructuring in our Enterprise to separate the product from selling and Art Gilliland coming onboard to look after our product pieces and Marc Andrews really taking control of the worldwide sales organization. I think this is definitely helping us as we go forward. We have a very focused and concentrated energy on the product side and also on the field side. So I think that transformation is going well for us. And I think, as we sit here reporting on that period, I think we had a good outcome. And so we feel like that organizational change is going well.

No. I think Nick's prepared remarks covered, I'd say, the tenets of our capital allocation which included I think some supporting statements about maintaining some capacity for M&A.

Yes, so to take your question on appliances first. So we don't have any single large deals with -- that are appliance related in these results. This is more broad-based, cross-geography. And I think it does speak to the fact that there is some capacity growth. We are in a hybrid world. There are still on-premise networks and things like that around, there are capacity needs growing there. And we still stand behind our transition to cloud statements. We're seeing a very good situation where incremental capacity and roaming user capacity is being purchased through our cloud proxies and through our cloud access brokers, which come -- only come in a pure cloud form factor. There isn't any on-premise corollary to things like our cloud access brokers in these things. So more broad-based, and I think it is that we are in hybrid situation in the world where there is still a substantial clip of information in computing done on-premise, and we do see some appliances there and we are seeing that across the board. I think we look forward to talking to you more about that as we dig into the 2020 guidance, but I think it's a good guy for our appliance business, definitely not a sea change for how we things are going to go in cloud.

Yes, let me take the consumer question first, and then I'll come back to the competitive nature in Enterprise. So we are very focused on bringing back net new member growth to the consumer business. That is something that we really care about, and we continue to, I think, narrow the gap there. I think we've got some good results in there. I think it's difficult period compares right now because, as Nick mentioned before, this is the period that's comparing back into the huge Equifax, I would say, identity protection procurement period, which is very high ARPU procurement, and we had some great results in that period a year ago. So I think we were very pleased that we managed to deliver a good quarter there and that the business is on plan for the full year. But definitely, our management team in consumer is definitely focused on net new member growth and turning that curve, and we measured that very carefully in our management reviews, and that's what a lot of our initiatives are at. I think the deal that we talked about in our prepared remarks around Aon are examples of new routes that can also help address that. And we do have better retention in the business, which is also, I think, part of our business case that when we sell our cyber safety platform, we lose less customers at the hardware refresh on the malware side of things, and they're much easier to reacquire on the other side of a new PC. So we think all of those premises that are behind our strategy in consumer are still there and we like the long-term outlook for the business. And I think we're innovating there. We launched our Norton Privacy Manager, which is very important topic for the world right now, which is just coming to market. And so we're -- I think we have a good premise for net new member growth. And thanks for asking that question. That's something that is right in the heart of our KPIs. 
So moving to competitiveness in Enterprise. We are pleased with our pure cloud web proxy business and the Integrated Cyber Defense element of that, which is when we sell a cloud proxy, which competes with some competitors, we also have a strong attach at the cloud access broker, and we have a strong attach of our very deep data protection technologies in that area. So our ability to compete there is strong. I think we are doing very well in that space, and the future is bright for the WSS, CASB and data compliance and cloud application story. We're the only vendor that brings all of those technologies to bear integrated and as a global service, and I think we're winning some fantastic accounts there. In the on-premise side, our appliance business is still there and is still happening, as you can see from some of the metrics this quarter. And we still maintain a very strong installed base there. And as that refreshes, we have the opportunity to pick up the rest of that. So that's really a big part of our network adjacencies. And I think we continue to execute well there. As we move to the future and Zero Trust becomes more important, and as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, you're running on other people's infrastructure. In many cases, you won't be able to completely trust it for your data. It'll be a very solid, very trustworthy company, but you're responsible for the data. Floating across the security over the top on that is in the future. That's what we're doing with the products I just mentioned. And as we integrate our very powerful SEP and SEP Mobile technologies with that, we think we create something that is going to be very hard to beat, and we're laser-focused on that strategy. And I think we've proven to the industry that our engineering works and it delivers here. And we intend to really continue to drive the envelope in that area. And I think there are a lot of upsides. They're endpoint solutions, and I think that those gaps between the point solutions will define the long-term winner, and we hope that to be Symantec.

So we don't break out in our numbers real specific numbers on the geographies, but I can give you some longer-term views and what we've seen over the last little while. We have a very substantial amount of our business from overseas. And we've seen some very strong examples, a couple of them we used in our prepared remarks, the home appliance vendor and a hospital in Northern Europe. We are still seeing strong demand. I do believe that cyber defense is a nonnegotiable across the boardrooms of the larger organizations, globally, including every major geography of Western Europe, especially after what happened to a couple of companies over there in the 2018 calendar year -- in 2017 calendar year around some of the malware worms that took out shipping companies and things like that. So there is definitely a heightened sense of need for cyber defense there. And also, the privacy movement is alive and well there, and data privacy in corporations is a big care about. So we are happy with our outlook in Europe, but we are cautiously watching it because we're reading the same headlines and listening to everything else that are generating your comments, and we had a statement on that in our prepared remarks. But right now, for Q4, we're in good shape in Europe. And what we think, as we get to 2020, we'll have some more thoughts for you.

So John, I think if you -- yes, so a good question. And I understand that there's a lot of, I would say, want to understand this better in the analyst community. And I would just say that we just closed out Q3. We had a 3% organic revenue growth in Enterprise, and we also grew the contract liabilities at the same time. So revenue growth is not coming at the expense of the billed in the forward contract liabilities database -- sorry, backlog. And so if you roll that forward, I think you'll get to the numbers we're at. And then I think the other thing to keep in mind is if you look at the discussion we're having and go back over the customer examples that we rolled out on many calls over the last few quarters and have a look at the product examples that we're giving in that, there is a lot, lot more for sale here than hardware proxies in our Integrated Cyber Defense story. And in every solution that we talk about, we are talking about a number of products that are in there as adjacencies that are being sold. And I think that as you then close to those deals, the beautiful thing about that is that they renew. And when their service delivered, they renew, and we -- and I think that, that's better for us. It's better from a cost of sales point of view, and it's better from a stickiness point of view. And I think, as we move through what was FY '18, and we had a big back half in FY '18, did some great billings numbers at 18-month duration. We're doing it again in the back half of '19, and we plan to do it again next year, that you will find that, that renewal base gets very strong and that, that deferred revenue billed is, as Nick mentioned before, the stacking of that is quite good. And we believe that our longer-term outlook being mid-single for the company is achievable. We are in a transition, as we mentioned before, and we're going to be coming out of the other side of that as we look forward. And we think that's where we build that guidance from. And I appreciate the question, but please pay attention to the size of the portfolio that's behind Integrated Cyber Defense. And anchoring that growth on purely proxies and hardware proxies is not the case. You know we're a big leader in cloud access brokers. Those things have never seen a customer's data center. They all run in the cloud. There's a bunch of products like that are pure cloud here at Symantec, and they're driving a bunch of great adjacencies and growth for us. So I appreciate the question, but I think we have done a lot of work behind that answer, and that's why we talk about it.

Thank you all very much. Thanks for the question.