Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our second quarter performance and highlights as well as our full year guidance, which we are raising again this quarter. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D programs, and Rob will discuss the quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions. 
AbbVie once again delivered an outstanding quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.26, representing growth of 13% versus last year, exceeding our guidance. Total revenues of more than $8.2 billion was also ahead of our expectations for the quarter, with several key products contributing to that growth. We saw excellent performance from our hematological oncology business with global operational sales growth of nearly 40%. 
IMBRUVICA is performing exceptionally well with robust share growth across multiple lines of therapy in CLL, including new patient share of approximately 35% in the frontline setting, up approximately 10 share points over the past year. This strong momentum directly relates to the growing body of clinical evidence, label augmentation and recently updated treatment guidelines, which now position IMBRUVICA as the only preferred therapy in the frontline CLL market. 
VENCLEXTA also continues to make very good progress in the broad relapsed/refractory CLL setting and has established a strong growth trajectory in the recently approved indications for first-line CLL and AML. 
U.S. HUMIRA grew more than 7.5% versus last year, driven by continued strong volume growth across all segments. And despite a very competitive environment, HUMIRA remains the market leader across each of the 3 primary categories: rheum, derm and gastro. 
During the quarter, we also announced our ninth global settlement agreement resolving all IP-related litigation with BI over their biosimilar, HUMIRA. This final settlement agreement reinforces our confidence that we will not see direct biosimilar competition in the U.S. until 2023. 
International HUMIRA sales were down 31% on an operational basis, reflecting the impact of direct biosimilar competition in Europe and other international markets. The international biosimilar trends and dynamics remain consistent with our expectations.
And SKYRIZI, our recently approved treatment for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, is performing significantly above our expectations, contributing nearly $50 million in revenue this quarter. 
The launch is going extremely well. We are seeing strong prescription volume, well above recent launch analogs in the psoriasis category. Through the first 11 weeks of launch, we already have approximately 1,700 prescribing physicians, and approximately 3,750 patients have been treated with SKYRIZI, including those in our bridge access program. We're extremely encouraged by this uptake, which supports our continued confidence in the asset. 
Commercial access for SKYRIZI is also tracking in line with our expectations. As a result of the launch progress and the momentum, we are increasing our full year guidance for SKYRIZI and now expect full year global sales of approximately $250 million. The outlook for SKYRIZI remains very strong and it represents a significant long-term opportunity for AbbVie with multibillion-dollar peak sales potential.
We're also very pleased with our overall commercial performance and financial results for the quarter. We remain well positioned to deliver double-digit earnings growth once again in 2019. As noted in our earnings release, we are raising our full year 2019 EPS guidance and now expect adjusted earnings between $8.82 and $8.92, reflecting growth of 12.1% at the midpoint, which is at the very top of the expectations for our peer group. 
Clearly, this is an extremely exciting time for AbbVie. Before I turn the call over to Mike and Rob, I want to speak briefly about our proposed acquisition of Allergan and the progress we are making. We've had an opportunity to speak with many investors over the past several weeks since the announcement to share the strategic rationale for the transaction, and our outreach with investors will continue as we have a number of opportunities to engage with shareholders in the coming months. The integration planning is already underway, and we are working to ensure a seamless transition on day 1. We've identified individuals within AbbVie that will lead the integration process, and there will be dedicated teams to ensure there is no disruption to our strong momentum. 
And finally, I'll be meeting with the Allergan employees in the coming weeks. I look forward to engaging with and ultimately welcoming this experienced and very talented organization into AbbVie. 
We remain incredibly excited about the transaction, which has significant strategic merit. The acquisition represents a unique opportunity for AbbVie to accelerate our non-HUMIRA business, the AbbVie growth platform, by adding highly valuable on-market assets with leadership positions across attractive growth segments. AbbVie's new growth platform will achieve stand-alone scale immediately with sales of more than $30 billion in 2020 and top-tier growth prospects. And it will enable enhanced funding of our innovative R&D platform and provide ample resource for additional pipeline expansion, which remains the core focus for AbbVie. 
The combination of AbbVie and Allergan will also unlock significant value for our shareholders, as we've outlined. The transaction delivers immediate robust financial benefits with EPS accretion of 10% in the first full year of combination, increasing to above 20% at peak. This is inclusive of more than $2 billion in annual pretax synergies and cost savings, which is expected in the third year post-closing. This combination also provides significant additional earnings in the period following the loss of HUMIRA exclusivity. And the transaction provides enhanced cash flow to support a strong and growing dividend while rapidly paying down debt and continuing to invest in our innovative pipeline through increased R&D funding and the acquisition of mid- to late-stage assets.
And finally, we're actively seeking the relevant approvals for the transaction and are working towards our stated goal for closing in the first quarter of 2020. 
In summary, we're extremely pleased with our outperformance in the quarter and with the continued strong momentum of our business, leading to another increase in our expectations for 2019. 
Since 2013, we have built a strong foundation through outstanding execution and the advancement of our robust pipeline of new innovative medicines. Looking back, we have delivered 16 quarters of double-digit earnings growth and have consistently been among the peer group leaders for revenue and EPS growth. We've launched 13 new products for major indications, which have and will continue to contribute considerably to our growth. 
While this level of consistent performance is truly exceptional, especially given the challenges which inevitably arise in a large complex business like ours, the key to long-term sustainable strong performance has always been forward planning. And Allergan represents another example of our proactive planning to ensure we will continue to deliver top-tier performance into the next decade. Our strong track record of execution combined with the momentum of our business gives us tremendous confidence in our ability to continue to successfully execute on our long-term strategy and deliver outstanding shareholder value going forward. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Okay. I'll cover the first question, and Mike will cover the second one. I would say we have been extremely pleased with the market reaction to SKYRIZI. I think it's a clear demonstration as to the value of this asset in the marketplace, the higher level of efficacy and the other attributes of the product. And so I think it has clearly beaten the expectations that we have, and I've gotten there much faster than we would've expected it to get to this level of performance. I mean it's truly outperforming all of the analogs that are out there in this category. I think one of the more impressive numbers from our perspective is if you look at the in-play share, which we define in-play share to be naive patients plus all switching patients, SKYRIZI after 10 or 11 weeks has already achieved 24% of the in-play share. And to put that in perspective, prior to the launch, HUMIRA was at 28%. So it's almost to the level of what HUMIRA was as the market leader in that category. And interestingly enough, about 75% -- or a little more than 75% of that volume is coming from other biologics. We've only seen HUMIRA trend down slightly from that. So it's clear that SKYRIZI is capturing significant competitive opportunities in the marketplace. So I mean, I think we're obviously pleased with it. It's reinforcing the expectations that we had long term for the drug, and I think we'll get to the ramp much faster than we had expected. So it's great news from our perspective. Mike?

All right. Great. So I'm going to have Laura answer the first question, and then Rob and I will cover the second one.

Yes. Okay. So maybe let me talk first about the Senate proposal that is out. I'd say from the standpoint of -- as we've said in the past, we're obviously very supportive of anything that lowers patients' out-of-pocket costs. I mean I think one of the most significant challenges that we face in the U.S. is that the way the Part D design was built originally, it didn't necessarily envision the level of specialized medicine it would develop over time, and the out-of-pocket cost for patients made many of those drugs unaffordable for the average senior. And so anything we can do to reduce that, I think, is a positive for the industry and it's certainly a positive for patients, and we think that's a big plus. 
The Senate bill will reduce out-of-pocket costs to some extent. I think the question is, is it enough? Can patients really afford the $3,100 of out-of-pocket costs, the average patient on Medicare? I think that's an important question to be debated. 
The second thing that I think is important to be debated is it's still very front-end loaded for the patient, meaning in the first few months of the year, they have to come up with the $3,100. And that's difficult for many of these patients to be able to do from a cash flow standpoint, have the ability to be able to do that. So we would be looking to try to advocate for something that would spread that out across the year to make it more affordable on a monthly basis for these patients. And I think that's an important debate that should occur as we go forward. 
I would say there are some aspects of the legislation that we believe are punitive, particularly the innovation-driven companies. And clearly, it does give benefit to some other companies that don't have specialty products that get into the catastrophic phase. And so I don't know that, that was the intent, that companies should pay lower than what they pay today. I doubt that was the intent. But that is the nature of the way it's structured today, and I think that's something that ought to be debated and discussed. But it's a long road from here, as you know. This will be debated and worked through. These kinds of legislations are complex and they take time, and there'll be likely extensive changes that occur to the draft legislation. But I think the merit of going after things that reduce patient out-of-pockets I think is a good thing. It's a bit premature at this point to start understanding or projecting what the impact would be on AbbVie's business. I think anything we can do to lower out-of-pocket costs will obviously drive some level of increased volume, and that has to be taken into consideration, but there's a lot of things that will be worked on between now and the time anything ultimately gets implemented. And then as far as the percentage of business, I'm going to have Rob cover that.

Okay. Jason, this is Rick. So on the first one, look, what we're describing to you is essentially our view, and I think our view is consistent with the language of the agreements of where the liability would fall. And just like any other company, I'm not going to speak for another company's liability. They should speak for it themselves, but what we're telling you is that it's not an AbbVie liability. I don't know how much clearer I can be than that. 
The second one is the -- on upa. Obviously, upa is a drug that was built around the same kind of premise that we looked at SKYRIZI. We were looking for an asset that could outperform HUMIRA, that could demonstrate superiority to HUMIRA. It's obviously an oral delivery, which is an advantage from a patient standpoint. And it's demonstrated outstanding efficacy in clinical performance. So we would expect it to be able to -- whether it can replicate exactly what SKYRIZI is doing or not, we will certainly put it in a position to be able to do that. And I don't think there's another more confident organization to be able to launch a product like upadacitinib or SKYRIZI than we are. And so I think clearly, we will be able to drive this asset to achieve its maximum level of performance. And I can tell you that, obviously, we're very excited about SKYRIZI and how it's performing, and it's certainly meeting or beating our expectations, which is a good thing. And I think I'm equally excited about upadacitinib when I looked at the clinical performance of that asset and the attributes of that asset. So we like to get it on the market and go out there and launch the product and get it into the marketplace as quickly as possible.

Okay. Very good. So let me cover number one and -- the first question and I'll have Mike cover the second question. I think if you look at the international reference pricing that was being proposed in Part D -- as you know, we obviously have a very small Part D business so it doesn't have a significant impact for us. Whether or not a structure like that or something similar to that could be moved over to D, I think in a broad way, that would require legislative action, I believe, based on the way the law is written today. But it doesn't mean that there couldn't be pilots or other kinds of methods to ultimately look at that. So it's -- I think it's difficult to predict what it would look like. I think the Senate proposal, I think, is a good start with some modifications. I think the Senate proposal could be modified in a way that it could solve many of the issues that are out there, and I think that one has a structure that then plays -- that could require some level of modification. But I think the framework around it is a good framework. 
And so I would hope that, that would get some traction to move forward and be modified in the areas that I referenced before, potentially look at smoothing the out-of-pocket, potentially even look at maybe trying to take the out-of-pocket down a little bit further. And then relooking at the distribution across all of the different drugs that approaches through Part D, all of the proprietary drugs, and making sure that, that distribution is appropriate across the full range of medicines that patients buy as Part D. It would be some fundamental modifications that I think could be looked at there. Mike?

Sure, Tim. This is Rick. I'll cover both of those. So first on the share price, I think it's important to put in perspective all of the larger transactions that have been done over the course of the last several years: so Bristol-Celgene, Takeda-Shire and others. I've had a similar reaction out of the blocks down -- I'd say the data I looked at prior to our announcement was down in the range of 10% to 16% at announcement. I would say as we went out following the announcement, you saw that the stock rose about 3% per day on that Wednesday, Thursday and Friday while we were on the road. And that, I think, is a good indication as to when you sit down and you get in front of investors and you walk them through the strategic logic and what this does for us longer term, I think most investors that we met with walked away with a positive impression. There are mechanical aspects of this, of how arms come in and short the acquirer, and we're obviously seeing our short volume go up significantly, which is putting pressure on the stock. So I don't think the stock's performing differently than what we would expect, and I don't know that it's a specific indication to just the perception of the transaction. When we'll know what the perception of the transaction is, is when we close it. And the shorts move out of the stock, and then the stock will trade on its merits. And I would be -- I'm encouraged that I think the stock will trade on its merits quite well. 
This is a company that has performed extremely well over the last 5 or 6 years, and this strategically puts us in a position where regardless of what happens with HUMIRA in 2023, we can continue to perform at a very high level. And that was the intention. And as I said in my formal comments, the reason we've been so successful is that we run the business in a way to make sure that when there are issues or risks around the business, that we take proactive actions to be able to deal with those. And that's what investors would expect us to do and that's what we do. And this is an example where it will protect the company and the shareholders from a range of outcomes around HUMIRA when we see the LOE in 2023 in the U.S., and that's the way to run the business. 
And so I'm excited about the Allergan transaction. I think it's a great set of assets. I think it's a very good organization from an execution standpoint, and I think it will add to our business in a positive way and give us additional growth platforms that will allow us to continue to grow the company. 
As it relates to ORILISSA, our long-term guidance on ORILISSA remains the same. As we indicated to all of you when we started this, this is an example of a drug where you have to go out and build the market. Endometriosis hasn't had a new therapy in a decade or maybe even more than a decade. And so you have to create the awareness. You have to create the confidence in a new therapy. And you have to get patients to be aware of it and then to be activated to go to their physician and get treatment. So we're continuing to look at our launch strategy and make modifications where we think they are appropriate to accelerate the ramp. 
And one of the things that we're looking at right now is if you look at the profile of the drug, the profile of the drug is excellent. There's -- it fits exactly the objectives that we need in a drug in this class. The physician uptake has been good. We're getting good trial out of the physician base and getting pretty broad coverage out of the physician base. 
The third component for a drug like this is you have to -- as I said, you have to create awareness for patients, and you have to activate those patients to go into their physicians' office and talk about treatment of their condition. And I'd say we're getting good awareness. In fact, I'd say the awareness is slightly higher than what we would have projected. Where we're not getting enough activation, because these women are essentially -- they go to their physicians typically once a year or less on average, so we want them to basically make a special visit to ultimately come in and start to talk about their condition and what the appropriate treatment is for that condition. We're not seeing a lot of activation or -- at the level that we would expect off of their routine visit schedule, and so we are looking at some modifications to our current promotional strategy to try to increase that activation, and that will obviously allow the ramp to increase. And that's the area of focus that we have today. So you constantly modify your strategy to make sure that you're dealing with the elements that could enhance it, and that's what we're doing.

All right. Thank you. So impact of biosimilar Enbrel, I will tell you that there is no data that would support that it will cause a change in well-maintained patients. We obviously have REMICADE biosimilar in the U.S. marketplace today. It's not having any of that kind of impact granted it's an infused product, but it's a -- outside the U.S., when we had biosimilar Enbrel, it didn't have any material impact at all on HUMIRA. And so I don't expect that it would have any significant impact at all if Enbrel were to go biosimilar. And if it had any impact, it would only be on naive patients so I don't think that's something that we would be overly concerned about. 
On point number two, what the split is between physician office and self-administered, I don't know that I know the answer to that question so we may need to follow up with you on that. So let us take a follow-up and get back to you on that. 
On the third one, Mike, why don't you cover that?

And the only thing I'd add is you have to look at the data that's coming out today. I said the bulk of the volume that's coming to SKYRIZI today, 77% of it, is coming from other biologics. And I can tell you, a significant portion of that is the IL-17s. And just think about it from this perspective, between SKYRIZI now and HUMIRA, we really should capture almost 50% of all in-play patients. So I think that gives you some idea of the kind of impact that it's having and the competitiveness of SKYRIZI versus those alternatives that are available, whether they're 17s or other 23s or TNFs.

So let me talk a little bit about the divestitures. We've commented on questions that have come up from investors in the broader nature of are we interested in divesting anything out of the portfolio. And generally, I would tell you no. There could be some overlaps from an FTC standpoint and that -- and therefore, we would deal with those. Laura, is there anything additional you want to comment on from an FTC standpoint?

Okay. And then on the HUMIRA erosion curve, we're obviously not in a position where we're going to talk to you what that erosion curve looks like this far out because, obviously, things can change along the way. And when we get closer to the point that we can give you a predictable erosion curve, we will obviously supply that to the market. But we want to do it when we have a high level of confidence that we can give you a number that is accurate. 
Having said that, as we've gone out and talk to investors, what we've described to them is we have a base case erosion curve that we have built. We have -- we update that erosion curve at least once a year but sometimes more often than that based on -- as we see circumstances play out. We have updated the erosion curve based on the experience that we've seen in the international markets. And I'd say specifically, we've updated the speed at which the curve drops in 2023 because the experience in the international markets is that it's not and has not been a stair step over a number of years. It has come down to basically where a year or 3 would've been, and it's pretty much flattened out. And we are seeing the market outside the U.S. in most countries around the world reach a point where the competitive dynamics are clearly well within the expectations that we've built in our plan and are somewhat stabilizing, I would say. So we've updated the U.S. erosion curve to look more like that international curve in the shape of that curve. 
And then we obviously do downside scenarios, where we look at, "Okay, what scenarios could come together in a way that would create a higher level of erosion?" And that's based on a number of competitors, interchangeability, changes to the U.S. health care system, and we do a number of different modeling assumptions around that to determine what a downside case might look like. If you look at the Allergan transaction, I think the beauty of the Allergan transaction is it guards against the full range of those options. So if we ended up on a downside scenario, the Allergan transaction allows us to totally buffer that impact. If we end up on the base case, then obviously AbbVie is in a much better position. And so there really isn't a downside scenario that I can come up with that the Allergan transaction doesn't make AbbVie stronger as we go through the LOE. And that was the premise of the transaction, and I think everything that we know about it today only reinforces that, that is the appropriate way to be able to manage the business over the long term.

So David, this is Rick. I guess the first thing I'd say is we don't leverage HUMIRA with our payers. We obviously have a portfolio -- or will have a portfolio of assets that we believe provides payers with the greatest flexibility to cover the largest number of patients, and that's a benefit for those payers to be able to have assets that give them the greatest level of coverage for -- from a clinical standpoint for those patients. 
And as far as what the rebates are, we obviously don't publicly disclose what those rebates are for competitive reasons. But what I would tell you is -- I mean I've heard this rumbling out there about somehow trying to leverage HUMIRA for SKYRIZI as an example. And I'd just point to this quarter as an example, all right? HUMIRA grew 7.7%. It had 0.5 point of positive price, all right? So at the end of the day, obviously, we didn't leverage HUMIRA to a great extent to get a position for SKYRIZI. There are benefits that we would provide to payers who allowed both products to go on formulary and -- but there isn't a big leverage component here that the market seems to be perceiving or you wouldn't have positive price. So I think that answers 2 and 3.