Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance and highlights as well as our full year guidance, which we are raising again this quarter. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across R&D programs, and Rob will discuss the quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions. 
AbbVie delivered another outstanding quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.33, representing growth of nearly 9% versus last year and exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.04. Total revenue of $8.4 billion was also ahead of our expectations for the quarter, driven by continued strong performance in hematological oncology and immunology. 
I'll start with our hem/onc business, which delivered operational sales growth of 38.5% in the quarter. IMBRUVICA continues to perform exceptionally well with global revenue of more than $1.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of nearly 30% versus last year. IMBRUVICA has a strong position across multiple indications and remains the clear market share leader across all lines of therapy in CLL. We're especially pleased with the recent inflection in the frontline setting driven by IMBRUVICA's growing body of clinical evidence, label augmentation and update to treatment guidelines. 
We're also seeing a substantial contribution from VENCLEXTA with total revenue of more than $200 million in the quarter. VENCLEXTA continues to expand new patient share in the broad relapsed/refractory CLL segment, and we're making very good progress with our recent approvals for frontline CLL and AML. 
Now turning to immunology, where we strengthened our leadership position with the introduction of 2 new best-in-class therapies, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, creating a broad portfolio of therapies well positioned to further improve patient care. 
We continue to see excellent performance from SKYRIZI with total revenue of approximately $90 million in the quarter. The launch is going extremely well with prescription trends that continue to remain well above recent launch analogs in the psoriasis category. Through the first 6 months on the market, we already have approximately 3,500 prescribing physicians and more than 9,000 patients treated with SKYRIZI, including those in our bridge access program. And in this short time frame, SKYRIZI has already established its position as the leader for in-play psoriasis patient share. This includes both new patients and switching patients. 
In addition, commercial access for SKYRIZI is now at more than 80%, a testament to its best-in-class product profile. We continue to expect SKYRIZI to drive significant growth over our long-range plan.
In the quarter, we also announced the approval of upadacitinib, known as RINVOQ in the U.S., for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. This approval marks yet another major milestone for AbbVie, the 14th new product or major indication approval in the last 5 years, and continues to demonstrate our commitment and our leadership in immunology. With the strong benefit-risk profile demonstrated across our registrational trials, RINVOQ offers meaningful advantages over products on the market today or in development for rheumatoid arthritis. Feedback from prescribing physicians has been very positive, and we have a highly experienced immunology commercial organization to support a strong launch trajectory. 
The early trends for RINVOQ are highly encouraging, and performance has been tracking ahead of comparable analogs within the RA segment. 
I'll highlight a few recent data points for you. In the month of October, the second full month RINVOQ was on the market, we estimate more than 1,400 prescriptions were filled, including both paid prescriptions and those who received RINVOQ in our bridge access program. Based on this level of prescription volume, RINVOQ is currently capturing approximately 6% of in-play RA patients. After less than 90 days on the market, RINVOQ's in-play patient share has surpassed REMICADE and several other established products and is rapidly approaching the in-play share for Enbrel. 
We're also seeing very little cannibalization of HUMIRA market share thus far. Commercial access is ramping strongly and in line with our expectations. By early January, we expect RINVOQ to have commercial access above 75%, and we expect paid prescription volume to increase significantly as this access expands over the next several months. So while we're still early in the launch, we're certainly pleased by the feedback we received from the field, from physicians and the robust demand trends that we are seeing. 
Now turning to HUMIRA. HUMIRA grew 9.5% in the U.S. this quarter, driven by continued strong volume growth across all 3 segments: rheum, derm and gastro. International HUMIRA sales were down approximately 32% on an operational basis, reflecting the impact of direct biosimilar competition in Europe and other international markets. The international biosimilar trends and dynamics remain consistent with our expectations. 
Based on the continued strong momentum of our business in the quarter and the progress year-to-date, we are once again raising our full year 2019 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $8.90 to $8.92, reflecting growth of 12.6% at the midpoint, which remains at the top tier of our peer group. 
I'm extremely pleased with the underlying performance of our business. Additionally, with the planned acquisition of Allergan, we will be adding highly valuable on-market assets with leadership positions across additional attractive growth segments, including significant new growth platforms in medical aesthetics and CNS. The proposed acquisition is proceeding as expected with the recent successful completion of the Allergan shareholder vote to approve the transaction and advancing regulatory reviews around the globe. Integration planning is also well underway, and we have made substantial progress. We remain on track for closing in the first quarter of 2020.
The Allergan transaction has significant strategic merit, and the new AbbVie is poised to deliver top-tier financial performance. Combined, we will generate significant earnings and cash flow to enhance our innovative R&D platform, support a strong and growing dividend and rapidly pay down debt.
As noted in our press release today, we're announcing a 10.3% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $1.07 per share to $1.18 per share beginning with the dividend payable in February 2020. Since our inception, we have grown our quarterly dividend by 195%. 
So in summary, we continue to demonstrate strong momentum, and I'm extremely pleased with our execution across the portfolio, including the progress that we're making with the recent new product launches and our pipeline advancement. We have assembled an impressive set of growth assets and the outlook for our business remains strong. The Allergan transaction will make us even stronger and more diversified. We remain focused on achieving our long-term strategic vision for the company, delivering industry-leading performance and outstanding shareholder value while improving patients' lives. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Okay. This is Rick. I think I'll have Mike walk you through PsA, and then I'll cover the Calquence question. And I'm going to have Laura talk a little bit about the status of the regulatory reviews for Allergan's products. All right. Mike?

Okay. So let me talk a little bit about the, and I'm going to talk about it maybe a little more broadly, the competitive environment around IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA in the CLL setting. I think certainly, as we look at Calquence being a BTK, we would certainly expect that it will have positive data. In fact, we'd be frankly surprised if it didn't have positive data in first line. I mean, obviously, IMBRUVICA has very impressive data and a large and comprehensive set of data, and that will certainly play into the competitive dynamics. 
I think if you think about the competitive dynamics in this field, you need to think about them sort of from 2 perspectives. What does the competition look like today? And what's the experience been against that competition? And then what would it look like going forward for a competitor to be able to compete in this market in an effective way? I'm specifically talking CLL now. 
So Calquence has been in the market now for I think about 2 years. It really has not been able to get a label that has any real differentiation. It has today and is an approved indication of MCL second line plus, about 14% share. It's had between 10% and 14% share over quite some time, so it's kind of vacillated in that area for quite some time. Its current use in CLL is about 1% despite being on treatment guidelines, I think, since about 2018. And almost all of that 1% is in third line plus, which gives you an idea of how physicians view it behind IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA. 
If and when they get approval in first line, I think the thing that's important to remember -- or anybody that competes in this marketplace -- is how the market operates today. If you look at IMBRUVICA's share of treated patients, and what I mean by that is patients who are currently under active treatment today, IMBRUVICA's first-line share of treated patients is 51%. So roughly half the patients that are under treatment today are utilizing IMBRUVICA. 
Second line plus is about 75%. So 3/4 of the patients who are under treatment right now are using IMBRUVICA, IMBRUVICA's treat-to-progression therapy. I don't see physicians taking well-maintained patients off of IMBRUVICA and switching them to Calquence or anything else. And if we were seeing that, the duration of therapy, which is something we track, would be going down. But indeed, it's not. It's stable to slightly increasing.
So anyone that comes into this market will have to compete for share and will be limited to compete for share by only competing in the areas where you have new patients or you have failure patients. 
And in the case of new patients or failure patients, they're also going to have to compete against VENCLEXTA in this market. And as you know, VENCLEXTA has recently been approved in first line. We're about 3 months post that approval. If you look at VENCLEXTA's new patient capture share in first line, it's 5% already. In second line, it's 10%. And in third line, it's 21%.
So I think the reality is we fundamentally believe, and I think many physicians believe, that we have the 2 best assets for being able to treat CLL patients and provide them with long durations of disease-free intervals between VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA. So if Calquence gets a first-line approval in CLL, they'll certainly get some share, but I would tell you that I feel highly confident in our position in this marketplace based on our performance and based on the assets that we have. So Laura?

I think on the international SKYRIZI, you have to remember, we really only have reimbursement in a relatively small number of countries today. But that reimbursement process -- that pricing reimbursement process is ongoing. So you can expect it's doing extremely well in the markets that it's in, but that's going to expand significantly over the course of the next 12 months as we get pricing and reimbursement in additional countries. I would expect SKYRIZI to perform reasonably consistently with what we're seeing in the U.S. and certainly in the Western European markets. So I think there's a good opportunity there, and we're excited about that opportunity. 
Certainly as it relates to HUMIRA pricing, we're obviously in the process of going through all of our managed care, and I'd say we're far into that pricing -- or that contracting process for 2020. I don't view any significant change in the dynamics around HUMIRA pricing in 2020. It would be significantly different from what we've seen in 2019.

Yes. So if you look at -- you are correct, Steve. This is Rick. On OUS Humira, I think if you go back to our guidance in the fourth quarter of last year, we've guided to overall erosion at about 30%. As Rob said in his comments, our forecast now is that, that erosion will come in at about 28%, so slightly lower than what we expected. And you've seen that in each of the quarters. As you indicated, we've overachieved. 
I would say the bulk of that is slightly better performance in the areas where biosimilars are impacting the market. There is a portion of it that's a little better performance in the other market as well, but the majority of it is driven by stabilization of pricing in those markets at a level that came earlier than we would have expected.
As far as the closing is concerned, I don't think we were trying to telegraph an earlier date if that's how the market interpreted it. We are making good progress on the Allergan closing. The integration activities are going extremely well. We're obviously managing that very tightly. As Laura indicated a few minutes ago, the regulatory processes are advancing. But we'd like to stay with the current guidance that we've had, and that is a first quarter close. Obviously, we'd like to close it as rapidly as we can, and we're pursuing that activity to get that done. But at this point, I wouldn't want to change what the original guidance was. So if that's how it was interpreted, that was not our intent.

All right. Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover the first one. I'll have Mike cover the other 2. Certainly, as you indicated, the situation is still pretty dynamic, although I'd say it's a little quieter over the last month or 2 than it had been across the summer. But I still think there's a lot of interest and a lot of activity that's still going to continue to look at ways to try to open up access and affordability, particularly in the Medicare population, and I think that's appropriate. I would tell you, we, as a company, support that. We do believe we need to make medicines more affordable to Part D patients. 
The Senate Finance build goes in a direction that I think is helpful. It takes those out-of-pocket costs down from where they are today on a therapy like IMBRUVICA or even a therapy like HUMIRA, as an example. It takes them down fairly significantly to an out-of-pocket cost that's about $3,000 or $3,100. I would say we still fundamentally believe that's too high for most Medicare patients. The average Medicare patient has an income of $26,000. We think it needs to be more in the neighborhood of something below $2,000, and our government affairs people are working to try to articulate that position. The other issue with it is it's still front-end loaded in the year. So from a cash flow standpoint, the patient has to come up with that $3,100 in the first 2 months typically -- or the first 3 months, and most of these individuals don't have that kind of cash flow. 
So coming up with a structure that would allow it to be spread across the full year would be certainly a more reasonable approach to allow those patients affordability. As it relates to the funding in the catastrophic area, certainly, if you look at trying to make these drugs more affordable to patients and have broader access, someone has to pay for that. And certainly, I can't speak for the entire industry, but I can speak for AbbVie. We have said -- and when I testified at the Senate Finance Committee -- I said we are willing to step up and cover more of that cost. Health care plans have to pay more of the costs. And obviously, the government needs to pay a piece of that as well. It moves in that direction, although I will say the way they've structured it so far, it is more punitive or more costly to companies that have more innovative therapies and it actually gives a benefit to certain companies who have drugs where the total cost would be below $6,000 per year. I don't think that was the intent. I doubt, seriously, they were trying to give a benefit to any specific company. So relooking at where that threshold is and the overall percentage in the catastrophic phase is something that would be an important aspect of modification to this bill. But I'd say it moves in the right direction. 
Specifically to answer your question about volume, we have looked carefully, not just at IMBRUVICA but across our entire portfolio. We do believe there will be some volume increase. Net-net, I can tell you the volume isn't enough to offset the overall cost. But I think in the grand scheme of where we want to go with this, I think this is a reasonable approach. And with some modifications, I think it could have a meaningful impact on the issue and potentially put the debate to rest. So it's something that with modifications, I'm supportive of it. Mike?

Okay. This is Rick. I'll take the capital allocation question. Let me start maybe with more broadly about capital allocation. We have basically 3 priorities when we look at capital allocation. We want to invest in the business, we want to continue to drive a strong and growing dividend, and we want to pay down debt. And those are the priorities for us. We have a debt pay-down plan that we have put in place that's consistent with the objectives that Rob indicated in his formal comments, and that will be something that we will absolutely drive towards. 
Now we're fortunate that we're in a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow. And the combination of Allergan and AbbVie together will generate very, very significant cash flow. And so we have the luxury that we're able to do both. And we certainly would not have increased our dividend double digit now if we had any concerns about that going forward. 
So I can tell you, we are committed to a strong and growing dividend, and we're committed to paying down debt, and we have the ability to be able to do both. And I think the dividend increase that we're announcing today is a reflection of our confidence in that cash flow generation.

Okay. Mike?

Okay. This is Rick. I'll answer your second question about BOTOX. And I'm going to answer it in the backdrop of the work that we did as it relates to the acquisition, the market research that we did leading up to the acquisition. 
So we looked carefully at BOTOX and the durability of BOTOX. It's an important product for Allergan. And I would tell you, the Allergan organization, I think, has done an outstanding job with BOTOX. But if you look at competition, it comes in 2 forms -- or potentially it can come in 2 forms. One, other-branded toxins, which is what they've experienced thus far, and we expect to see more other-branded toxins. And I would tell you that what the market research clearly told us is that the brand equity of BOTOX in the channels that they operate is so strong that it is extremely difficult for those practices to operate without offering BOTOX because many patients, when they walk in the door, ask for it by name. And so because of that, they have a bundling program that has been extremely effective at being able to manage the competitive dynamics around this asset quite well.
And in fact, I would say, as we built our model for the Allergan transaction, we built -- and we've said this a number of times -- we built a fairly conservative model, and we did that across virtually every single product. And so our model is more conservative than what the Allergan current performance is, and it's certainly more conservative than their longer-range forecast. But it still does project growth for BOTOX going forward. 
I would say we've watched their quarterly performance last quarter. And BOTOX, despite the fact that there was a lot of speculation, the competition was going to have a big impact, BOTOX performed very, very well. We'll see their performance here soon. But I would expect that BOTOX will continue to perform very well. And so I think that organization deserves a lot of credit for the way they've handled competition and the way they've continued to grow this brand quite well. 
The second aspect is you have to look at -- as it relates to BOTOX is whether or not you're going to see biosimilars for BOTOX. And we've talked to investors in quite a bit of detail around here, but the short answer is based on the uniqueness of this particular molecule, we have come to the conclusion that it would be extremely difficult to create a biosimilar version of BOTOX. And I would tell you, we looked at this very extensively with a lot of outside expertise and we feel very confident that that's the case. So that was a long answer to basically say to you we feel good about BOTOX. We feel good about our ability to be able to continue to grow BOTOX both in the aesthetics area as well as the therapeutic area. And I think all of the data thus far only further supports our confidence.

And then, David, this is Rick. On SKYRIZI, the in-play psoriasis share for SKYRIZI is over 20% right now and growing pretty rapidly.