Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our first quarter performance and highlights as well as our full year guidance, which we are raising this quarter. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across the R&D programs, and Rob will discuss the quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, we will take your questions.
I'm pleased to report that we're off to an excellent start in 2019, reinforcing our confidence in the long-term fundamentals of our business. We are seeing strong momentum across all aspects of our operations with excellent growth from our hematological oncology portfolio, continued robust growth from HUMIRA in the U.S., international biosimilar impacts is trending within our expectations for 2019 and importantly, our late-stage pipeline continues to deliver with the recent approval of SKYRIZI in major markets globally.
We delivered first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.14, representing growth of more than 14% versus the prior year and once again exceeding our guidance. Total revenues of more than $7.8 billion were also ahead of expectations for the quarter with several key products contributing to that growth. We saw excellent performance from our hematological oncology business with global operational sales growth of more than 43%. The U.S. HUMIRA grew more than 7% versus last year driven by continued robust demand. International HUMIRA sales were down 23% on an operational basis, reflecting the impact of direct biosimilar competition in Europe and other international markets. The international biosimilar trends and dynamics have been consistent with our expectations.
We also saw substantial contributions from several other products in our portfolio, including MAVYRET, Creon and Duodopa.
We're certainly pleased with our commercial performance and our financial results for the quarter, and we remain well positioned to deliver double-digit earnings growth once again in 2019. As noted in our earnings release, we are raising our full year 2019 guidance and now expect adjusted earnings between $8.73 and $8.83, reflecting growth of 11% at the midpoint.
In addition to the strong financial results, we have continued to make significant progress, building a pipeline that will allow us to maintain a growing and vibrant business. Since our inception, we have put tremendous effort in resources towards developing new therapies that advance the standard of care across a spectrum of important disease states, with special emphasis on doing so in a broad range of immune-mediated diseases. Our central focus has been on advancing new medicines that will raise the bar and address important therapeutic needs for patients.
We believe that risankizumab and upadacitinib have achieved the objectives that we set forth. Both of these therapies have demonstrated differentiated clinical profiles versus HUMIRA as well as other mechanisms on the market or those in development. This profile, coupled with our strong commercial execution, gives us tremendous confidence that both will be the new standards of care in their respective indications. We recently announced the approval of risankizumab, now known as SKYRIZI, in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. These approvals mark a major milestone for AbbVie and further demonstrate our commitment and leadership in immunology.
We're certainly pleased with the approved label for SKYRIZI, which reflects its best-in-category efficacy, favorable benefit/risk and quarterly dosing. As you know, we also have a highly experienced team, including the leading immunology marketing team and sales force, which will support this launch. Given its compelling product profile, we expect to secure rapid and broad formulary coverage for SKYRIZI with more than 50% commercial access by the end of July, a 90-day access metric not achieved by any other recent launch in the psoriasis category. SKYRIZI represents a significant long-term opportunity for AbbVie with multibillion-dollar peak sales potential.
We have also been planning and preparing for the forthcoming regulatory approval and commercial launch of upadacitinib, our JAK1 selective inhibitor in rheumatoid arthritis. We have been extremely encouraged by the level of efficacy and benefit/risk profile observed across the entire upadacitinib clinical program, including its clear superiority versus HUMIRA, the current gold standard for the treatment of RA. Based on the data generated across our program, we believe upadacitinib will offer meaningful advantage over other products on the market today for those in development, and we remain on track for U.S. regulatory decision in the third quarter.
With the robust and differentiated data we've produced from our assets and the launch of several new products now underway, we remain confident that the strategy we have in place is working extremely well. We're excited to see the evolution of our pipeline assets from promising late-stage development compounds to successful on-market products. SKYRIZI marks the 12th new product or major indication approval for AbbVie in the last 5 years, demonstrating the productivity of our R&D investment, which is vital for the long-term success of any innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company like ours.
So in summary, I'm extremely pleased with the strong execution and pipeline advancement we're seeing, leading to our increase in expectations for 2019. We're off to an exceptional start of the year followed by several years of market-leading performance, and we're well positioned to continue to deliver top-tier financial performance in 2019 and beyond.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Steve, this is Rick. I'll take the first question. I mean, obviously, we feel good about how the year started. And I said we started with a tremendous amount of momentum. Certainly, as we look at the performance of the hematological oncology business and U.S. HUMIRA and many other products are performing extremely well, and so that's certainly driving the level of confidence that we're seeing as well as we've now seen a substantial period of time that I think we can measure the impact of biosimilar competition outside the U.S. and feel good about how that is tracking against our expectations.
Specific to your question, we raised guidance 3 times in the first quarter, and we raised guidance, I think, 13 out of the 25 quarters that we reported. And certainly, you will not raise guidance in the first quarter unless you had a high level of confidence that you could deliver that or greater performance across the year. That would just be a foolish position to take. So in both of the prior years where we raised in first quarter, those ended up being years where we outperformed significantly. So I think it is a good indication of the level of confidence that management has in the business, whether it be our business or any other business, I think it demonstrates the level of confidence. Otherwise, you wouldn't choose to do that. And certainly, I'm extremely pleased with how we come out of the blocks in 2019, and I'm pleased with what -- how the pipeline has continued to deliver. And obviously, we'll be launching 2 major products this year, SKYRIZI. And ultimately, we anticipate being able to launch baricitinib this year, in addition to the products we've already launched recently and are driving a tremendous amount of growth. So I have a lot of confidence in how the business can perform.
With that, I'll turn it over to Rob to answer your second question.

Mike, why don't you answer 3?

Chris, it's Rick. I think if you look at SKYRIZI and you look at the ramp and you compare it to historical ramps, one of the limiting factors in the historical ramps has been their ability to be able to get market access, broad-based market access in a reasonable period of time. And that's always a limiter no matter what product we're talking about, what specialty product we're talking about. If you don't have access, it makes the launch extremely difficult. What most companies do is subsidize with free goods for a period of time until they can get access, but no one has gotten access like we're describing here. So certainly, access should enhance the ramp of SKYRIZI.
Now having said that, it takes a few months even in our case to get to the level of access that we're talking about. So in the current quarter, you shouldn't expect much in the way of SKYRIZI revenue because we are going to use free goods extensively during that period of time, but that access should ramp dramatically as we get towards the end of the quarter and moving into the next quarter, and then you should expect that the product will ramp. As with any new mechanism, it obviously takes some time to get physicians familiar with it, but I would expect SKYRIZI to ramp more significantly than what you've seen with historical ramps. I think that would be a reasonable way to be thinking about it.
As it relates to HUMIRA dynamics, I think if you look at the profile of SKYRIZI and think about where it would fit in the treatment paradigm for patients, here, you have an agent that has PASI 90, PASI 100 scores like we've never seen before. And it's an agent that has a good benefit/risk profile. So from a safety standpoint, I think there'll be a high level of comfort around it, and it's an agent that obviously has significant advantages from a dosing standpoint where patients will only have to inject themselves once a quarter. So when you look at all of those dynamics, you have to ask yourself the question, why wouldn't that be a frontline agent? And indeed, that will be certainly how we'll be positioning this agent. It has the profile to be able to deliver against that criteria that would be appropriate for frontline-naive patients and obviously an agent that will also be used extensively for those patients that are switching from a therapy to ultimately they're not getting the level of efficacy that they desire or need.
Now HUMIRA, obviously, will maintain -- there's a large number of well-maintained patients on HUMIRA. Obviously, you don't switch a patient that's well-maintained. It's not just appropriate. And so -- but I would expect that you will start to see HUMIRA slow somewhat in the psoriasis category as SKYRIZI starts to ramp in a very significant way.
Your last question is around business development. And what I'd say there is if you look at our business, obviously, our business continues to perform well. We've launched a significant number of products over the course of the last several years. You're starting to see that diversification. In fact, last year, if you look at the -- what drove our growth, it was very balanced growth between IMBRUVICA, HUMIRA, MAVYRET and, to a lesser extent, VENCLEXTA. So you're starting to see that diversification play out. Now obviously, we're launching a significant number of additional assets. We launched some at the end of the year, and then more we'll launch this year with SKYRIZI and upadacitinib. That will drive, over time, more diversification.
Having said that, we have a business that generates significant cash flow, and our first priority is always using that cash flow to be able to invest back in the business. And so we look at all different kinds of transactions, small ones, medium-sized ones and larger ones. We look at them all in the backdrop of do they strategically fit in the enhanced long-term performance of the business? And are they valued at a point which we can get a good return for the investment that we need to make? And when we find those, we obviously act on those, and we have the financial wherewithal to do that. So that's how we think about it, and I wouldn't say that's different than how we've historically thought about it, but that is how we look at business development.

Okay. Jason, this is Rick. I'll answer those questions for you. First, to the point that you made about the erosion, the erosion that we quoted on the call was 30% against the total international base. I think we said at the time that if you just look within the segment that we're growing in biosimilar, that was around 40% or 44%, something in that range. So it is consistent with that. The guidance is consistent with what we originally talked about, and I'd say that's the guidance we are absolutely comfortable with as things are playing out.
If you look specifically to the Biogen comment, I think what Biogen said, although I didn't read the transcript, but others did, is I think what they said was that share was in Germany. And I'd say it's in the range of that in Germany. I can't remember the specific number that they quote. Remember, Germany has a quota system that they use, and that quota is that 40% of the prescriptions written by their doctors, their physicians, should be biosimilar products. And so they're obviously going to drive to that 40%, and they're not -- they're approaching that now, so I don't think that is a big surprise. If you look more broadly across all of Europe or all of the areas that are affected by biosimilars in Europe, then the share would be about 16% right now in the first quarter. We would expect that, that would rise over the course of the year, which is just how we planned it. We plan 2 things: rising share and more price erosion as we advance towards the fourth quarter, and that is how our forecast is built. So it's tracking against that forecast well.
I think if you look at Biogen and Amgen, I'd say they have been the most aggressive in the market thus far. So Biogen quoted what they were getting of that share in Germany. I have no reason to believe that, that wasn't accurate. But that's essentially how the biosimilars are going. So I'd say I think now actually we had more experience, we're pretty comfortable with how the biosimilars are sorting themselves out.
On ORILISSA, the ramp is going or the launch is going as we would have expected. We have spent quite a bit of town out educating physicians. This is a physician population that hasn't had a new medicine in this area nor do they prescribe a lot of these types of medicines in their practice, generally. I'd say the receptivity that we're seeing from physicians is very good, very positive. This feedback we're getting from patients as they start, I think, is encouraging. It would be suggestive of the fact that even at the 150 milligram dose, patients are seeing rapid relief of pain, so I think that's certainly positive, and they like the profile of the drug. We started the DTC campaign a couple of months ago, and that will be an important aspect of this launch, and we said all along, this is an area where we're ultimately going to have to build the market. And it's important to remember these patients are typically younger women, right? And they don't go to their doctor every couple of months. They go to their doctor typically once a year. So engaging them and making them understand that there is a therapy available, and therefore, they should go to the doctor off cycle is an important part of this launch and building this launch. But I'd say it's tracking well compared to what we would have expected. The drug has right now about a $60 million running rate and growing, so it's within the expectations that we had. And long term, I can tell you, our expectations are still that this will be a very sizable product for us going forward, albeit it's going to be more of a slower ramp than some other products like HCV where they ramp very rapidly.

All right. Thank you. Rob, why don't you answer the first?

As it relates to the debate that's ongoing about affordability of health care and affordability of medicines, it certainly is obvious to everyone that there is a very significant debate that is ongoing here. I think, fundamentally, it comes back to having patients have access to the medicines that they need and making sure that's -- those medicines are priced in a range where they are affordable and they're justified based on the pharmacoeconomics of those particular agents. We should hope it will get to that debate. I think eventually, it will get to that debate. And so as you look at patients' ability to be able to access medicines, I think it's important to think about it in a backdrop of where is the challenge in that.
I would tell you, as an example, and I don't think we're unusual, but we have a very extensive patient assistance program, and that program actually allows patients up to 600% of poverty, which I think is around $150,000 a year worth of income for a family of 4, somewhere thereabouts, that in the event they can't avoid their medicine, they can come to us, and we obviously will provide them medicine even free of charge. And we provide a significant amount of medicine to those patients. Those programs are available to commercially insured patients, to uninsured patients, and therefore, there shouldn't be a patient that falls into that category that doesn't have access to an AbbVie medicine regardless of their ability to be able to pay.
Now do people fall through the net, and they don't realize it? We're looking into that. And we may actually do some additional awareness campaigns to make sure patients understand how to be able to access that program. But I would tell you, we have pretty broad coverage of that program, and we monitor how many patients don't qualify because of their income levels, and we always constantly look at whether or not we have that set appropriately for patients who can't afford the medicine. And so we adjust it in time based on the percent of over-poverty income to ensure that we're trying to cover the vast majority of those patients.
So you shouldn't have a significant problem with those kinds of patients. Then you look at commercially insured patients, obviously, the industry provides a significant level of copay assistance to those patients, and so that shouldn't be a challenge. Where the challenge does exist, because these programs are not available broadly to patients on Medicare Part D, is in Medicare Part D. The non-LIS portion of Medicare Part D has very high out-of-pocket costs for medicines, particularly specialty medicines. And to sort of put in perspective for you, a Medicare Part D patient, if you compare their out-of-pocket expense to a commercially insured patient, a patient on Medicaid, a patient who is in Part D but part of the LIS program, their out-of-pocket expense for like something like HUMIRA is a little over 50x, 5-0 times, what it is compared to those other patient populations, which is a pretty significant burden on those patients. And so I think one of the things we're trying to drive as we go through this process is I think it is the industry's responsibility to help step up and try to cover some of that cost and share some of that with the government to be able to make it affordable for those patients. That is just too high a burden on Medicare patients to be able to afford that, and I think that theory that you have the greatest challenge from an ability to access these kinds of medicines. And so we are obviously trying to come up with ways that we can suggest or try to participate in the process to help alleviate that challenge, and I think we should be willing to come to the table and help drive that.
Now people say, "Well, what about the cost associated with that?" Well, if you look at the Part D plan and you look at the overall cost compared to how enrollment has increased over time, I would tell you that the Part D plan has worked extremely well from a competitiveness standpoint. The insurers that negotiate this and the PBMs that negotiated on behalf of the government drive a pretty hard bargain, and you see fairly significant rebating or discounting in this program. And I think one of the challenges, and I'll get to that here in a minute when we talk about rebates, one of the challenges is it would appear most of that rebate is being put back into the premiums, lowering the premiums, and so there is this debate: where should that rebate money go back? Should it go back against the actual drug cost? Or should it be built back into the premiums? And look, that's not a decision that we make, and I think that is a part where the rebate challenge comes in.
Now as it relates to patients, well, certainly, I think most of us believe that patients shouldn't be paying against the list price of their substantial rebates, and so the rebate rule as it's proposed right now would allow manufacturers like us to discount at the point-of-sale or point of pharmacy to be able to reflect that, and then that would be reflected in what the patient pays. And I can tell you, we are totally supportive of the patient paying off of the rebated price or the discounted price. I think that is absolutely appropriate. Whether the rebate rule goes through as is or some modification or doesn't go through at all, look, I can't handicap that. We have analyzed how it would as it's currently proposed. And as we've said many times, it's -- it doesn't affect our business one way or another, whether it's a rebate or a discount. They are one and the same.
And so I think we're comfortable with -- if that were to go through being able to manage our business in a very similar way to the way we manage our business now. I think one of the challenges with Medicare for All would be you'd have to look pretty carefully at this drug benefit because you would have patients who, if they switched off one of those other programs and went on Medicare, at least the way Medicare Part D works right now, their copay out-of-pocket is going to go up dramatically. And I think that's not something that they would necessarily like. So I think that's a significant challenge. But I think one way or another, we have to attack that and resolve this group, making sure that they have good access, affordable access to drugs that they need. Now these are drugs that don't get abused. Now at the end of the day, take a drug like HUMIRA. HUMIRA is step edited, has prior authorization. The patient has to fail all the lower-cost alternatives before they ever get access to a medicine like HUMIRA. So there is not any real risk of abuse in this kind of a category. And so I think that's something else that's important to put in perspective as we have this debate.

So on ORILISSA -- Josh, this is Rick. On ORILISSA, I would say that we're tracking against that number, so we're not changing our guidance on that number. And obviously, as I said, it has running rate right now of about $60 million, so it's ramping significantly from that. And I'd say based on everything we know today, we're comfortable with that ramp. I'm not 100% sure I understand the question that you asked on the second one. Rob, I mean, you said something about 40% in the second quarter.

Geoff, this is Rick. So on your question, I think the best way to think about it is this. You look at 2019 and I think it is a good test of our ability and our strategy's ability to be able to withstand significant LoE. If you think about 2019, roughly just under $5 billion of HUMIRA that's facing LoE and probably something in the neighborhood of about $500 million of AndroGel that's facing LoE. And we're in the very early stages of the launch of several of our new products like ORILISSA, like SKYRIZI and ultimately, it will be like upadacitinib. So you're not getting much benefit, in fact, of anything, you're getting a little downdraft because everyone knows in the first year or so the pharmaceutical launch of lose money because you have to apply a significant amount of SG&A to it to create the ramp. So you actually have headwinds from a profit performance standpoint. So -- and you can see based on that, we have a business now that still has positive revenue growth and has EPS growth of 11%, let's call it. And yes, there's some share repurchase in there. But if you adjust that share repurchase out, it's still high single-digit EPS growth, so tremendous EPS growth despite of those headwinds that we're facing. And I think that demonstrates the strength of the underlying business, and it was really designed to be able to deal with that.
Now having said that, I don't know that those kinds of dynamics are what's going to drive how we look at opportunities that exist from an acquisition standpoint. What drives that is what I described before. It is always better to have a stronger business than we can't have too strong of a business, so resets the philosophy that we operate with. And so as we look at different kinds of transactions, we evaluate them against their strategic fit and then can we get a good return on those assets. And if our analysis suggests that we can, then we obviously try to act on those. And that's what drives, from a capital allocation standpoint, where we invest. And I don't see a dramatic change in the way international biosimilars behave because, obviously, I think we've seen enough of that now that we have a pretty good idea of how they're behaving. And that would drive -- that would be a trigger event in and of itself. I think what will drive what we do is ultimately can we build a stronger business if we were to acquire an asset whatever that asset may be.