Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start my remarks by acknowledging the tragic nature of the COVID-19 crisis, which has touched all elements of our -- in our lives in ways we never thought possible. The human toll that this pandemic has inflicted is unprecedented and the suffering unimaginable. During this very challenging time, I want to assure you that across AbbVie, we are working carefully to ensure that our business continues to operate properly, our employees remain safe, our patients continue to receive their medicines and we are providing aid, including product donations and financial assistance to address some of the critical needs of health care systems and underserved communities across the globe.
As a matter of priority, we continue to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to ensure that our patients receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. Our manufacturing sites remain operational. And we have implemented additional measures at these facilities to ensure the safety of our employees and to protect our supply of API and finish medicines. We have adequate supplies in inventory to meet the expected demand for all AbbVie key medicines, including KALETRA and NIMBEX, 2 therapies that have experienced a significant increase in demand directly related to COVID patient treatment. And we currently do not anticipate any product supply issues.
AbbVie is also committed to supporting clinical research efforts for COVID-19. We have provided product donations to many health authorities and institutions globally so that AbbVie products may be further evaluated externally as potential treatments for this difficult disease. In times of crisis, it is our nature as individuals and our culture as a company to give back in any way we can.
We recently announced that AbbVie has donated $35 million to help meet some of the critical needs around the world. We've partnered with several non-for-profit organizations who are on the front lines of the battle against COVID-19. And our donations have helped to support several important initiatives, including the creation and operation of 20 mobile field hospitals in U.S. cities most impacted by the pandemic; the procurement and delivery of oxygen concentrators, ventilators and personal protective equipment to health care systems in Europe; and various other essential programs, including a donation to Feeding America to provide food and household supplies for those most in need, including the elderly.
We have donated a significant portion of AbbVie's own personal protective equipment supplies, including N95 and surgical masks to hospitals near our facilities throughout the U.S. and Europe. We have also converted some of our own facilities, including a pilot plant and several research laboratories to manufacture culture media and provide COVID-19 patient testing to supplement several public health departments. We are honored and committed to do what is in our power to help with this devastating pandemic, and we will continue to look for ways where we are able to help.
Now turning back to our business. I want to further discuss how the crisis is impacting our performance and expectations for the full year 2020. Today, I'm pleased to report strong results. For the first quarter, AbbVie's total revenues were up more than 10.5% (sic) [ 10.7% ] on an operational basis, and adjusted earnings per share of $2.42 was up more than 13% versus the prior year. These metrics were significantly above consensus and our initial expectations.
Fortunately, we had very robust demand across our product portfolio heading into the COVID crisis. As the U.S. and other major countries around the world started implementing stay-at-home orders and social distancing strategies in late February, AbbVie as well as most of our customers started restricting face-to-face interactions, resulting in reduced physician and patient contacts.
These limitations, which are still in effect for most major countries, created 2 fundamental impacts on our business in the quarter. First, patients and pharmacies built up some additional inventory of our medicines to ensure they had adequate supply. And second, we saw fewer new patients visiting physician's offices, which had a modest impact on the number of new patient starts.
Adjusting for COVID inventory dynamics, AbbVie's first quarter underlying operational sales growth was roughly 8.3%, significantly above expectations with double-digit underlying performance in both hem/onc and immunology, demonstrating the strong underlying performance of our business.
Within hem/onc, IMBRUVICA, the market-leading treatment for CLL, grew strong double digits, driven by increased demand in the frontline setting, where we recently received another important label update, which Mike will discuss momentarily.
VENCLEXTA also performed very well in the quarter, with global revenues of $300 million, roughly double the first quarter of last year, following share expansion in both CLL and AML.
Turning to our immunology business. HUMIRA continues to generate significant revenue. HUMIRA benefits from a substantial installed patient base, representing more than 80% of current demand. Globally, HUMIRA revenues were up nearly 6.5% (sic) [ 6.4% ] on an operational basis in the quarter, including strong double-digit growth in the U.S. The international biosimilar trends and dynamics remain largely consistent with our expectations.
SKYRIZI Global revenues of $300 million were also significantly above expectations. Since the launch late last April, we have quickly established and expanded our leading in-play psoriasis patient share, which includes both new and switching patients, and now exceeds 30%. This launch trend is truly remarkable and a testament to SKYRIZI's strong efficacy compared to other novel agents in the psoriasis category, including HUMIRA and COSENTYX.
RINVOQ is also performing at a very high level in the RA segment with global revenues of $86 million in the quarter. We estimate more than 17,500 prescriptions were filled, including both paid and bridge, which is more than double the activity we saw in the prior quarter and now reflects approximately 11% in-play RA patient share. As demonstrated by our first quarter results, the underlying performance of our business remains very strong.
We've now also begun to return to ordinary operations in select geographies around the world where health authorities have deemed it safe to do so. And although early, we are seeing those countries ramp towards a normal operation and expected performance. This is obviously a challenging time to forecast, given the unique nature of the COVID pandemic, including its global scope and unknown duration and it is difficult to predict precisely when major countries around the world will return to normalcy. Despite this uncertainty, we believe it's important to provide a clear set of updated assumptions that reflect the latest view of our full year performance. We based our forecast on the best estimates we have at this time. And we will make updates, if necessary, on our next quarterly call.
As I indicated earlier, our business was performing robustly, above expectations and above our guidance prior to the COVID-related impacts. We have spent considerable time carefully evaluating the COVID dynamics from late March and April. Based on this analysis, COVID appears to be having 2 fundamental impacts on our business.
First, there has been a variable impact on new patient starts due to physician's offices restricting patients' visits and patients adhering to stay-at-home orders. As an example, many dermatology offices are currently closed. AbbVie has a strong frontline position in dermatology with HUMIRA and SKYRIZI. And here, we see new patient starts for these 2 brands were lower by approximately 30% to 40% over this time frame. Once these offices reopen, patient volume should return back to normalized levels.
Second, we've also seen lower new patient utilization of hospital-based treatments, such as VENCLEXTA and HCV internationally due to many hospitals limiting access to nonemergency, non-COVID patients.
We have carefully modeled these COVID-related dynamics and incorporated the expected impact on our full year results. Our current forecast now assumes the following: Stay-at-home orders will be gradually lifted starting in May across Europe and the United States. 60 days after a geography lifts stay-at-home orders, we expect physician offices and hospitals will reopen for more routine patient diagnosis and care, and we expect patients will start returning to physicians' offices for routine treatment in that time frame. We have also factored in a modest increase to our patient assistance programs as well as a shift in our U.S. payer mix due to increased unemployment. Based on these specific assumptions, we are confident we can maintain our current full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance. We will learn more as the second quarter progresses, and we will continuously evaluate our current assumptions relative to how the environment evolves, and the updates will be provided on our next quarterly call.
On a related note, while we have not yet completed the Allergan transaction, we have also been actively working to assess the impact of the COVID crisis on the Allergan business. It's important to highlight that Allergan has both a therapeutic business, which is similar to the AbbVie business, and represents approximately 2/3 of their revenues and profits; and an aesthetics business, which represents roughly 1/3 of their revenues and profits. Based on the differences in the nature of these 2 portfolios, we expect them to be impacted differently as a result of the COVID pandemic.
We expect Allergan's therapeutic business, except for BOTOX therapeutics, to be impacted and recover from the COVID crisis in a manner very similar to the AbbVie business I outlined earlier. We expect BOTOX therapeutics, which has a substantial hospital base, to experience a more significant impact, given that patients are being discouraged from going into the hospital for nonemergency procedures during the pandemic, as I mentioned earlier.
We also expect to see a more pronounced impact on Allergan's aesthetics business as many of their customers, including plastic surgeons, med spas and dermatology offices are closed and therefore not performing procedures. However, after carefully analyzing the aesthetics business performance during the 2008, 2009 recession, which experienced a rapid V-shape recovery, the recent trends we are observing in China, as clinics have reopened locally and procedures have started to ramp significantly and taking into account the household income and employment status of the aesthetics patient base, we remain confident that the expected near-term impact, while likely substantial, will be transient with the aesthetics business quickly ramping back to normalized trends following the relaxation of quarantine restrictions in the U.S. and major European markets.
As it relates to the closing of the Allergan transaction, we have completed all requirements with the FTC, and they are in the final stages of their review process. Following the FTC process, the last step is the Irish High Court approval. Based on everything we know today, we continue to expect the transaction should close in May. We remain confident that the AbbVie-Allergan combination will generate significant cash flows, which will support our strong and growing dividend and rapid debt repayment, and we remain highly committed to both of those priorities.
So in summary, we reported a very strong first quarter performance. The COVID crisis is truly unprecedented, and we expect it will have a transient impact on our business, primarily affecting our second quarter performance. However, based on our analysis of the situation as well as reasonable timing assumptions for the return to a more normalized environment, we are confident in maintaining our full year adjusted earnings guidance, which speaks volumes about the strength of AbbVie's business momentum entering the COVID crisis.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for some additional comments. Mike?

Vamil, this is Rick. I mean I'll take those 2 questions. Let me do the second one because it will be shorter first. So we don't see any changes in the assumptions we're making from the standpoint of the growth of the dividend, based on everything that we have analyzed and I would say the robust performance of our business going into the COVID crisis and how we view the COVID crisis being a transient situation that, although difficult to predict exactly when all the geographies will reach some level of normalcy, we know that will occur at some point. And so we don't view any significant change there.
On the value of the Allergan transaction, I would tell you that we don't see any change, fundamental change in the long-term value of the transaction. The benefits that we were trying to derive by acquiring the Allergan business are the same. And the long-term valuation, I believe, is the same.
Now I think what some of the investors are probably concerned about is, obviously, the aesthetics business is an important franchise, as I indicated before, represents about 1/3 of the revenues and about 1/3 of the profits. And it's an attractive franchise. And so I think the question that investors have is how is it going to recover? And how long will it take to recover? And I think, look, those are reasonable questions. And as you can probably imagine, we have been doing a tremendous amount of work to try to evaluate not only the impact of COVID on our business but also the impact of COVID on the Allergan business. And specifically, I'd say we've spent a considerable amount of time looking at the aesthetics business.
So I'm going to take a couple of minutes here and walk you through what that data looks like so that you have a good perspective of at least the data that we're operating against to make the assumptions that we're making. Now what I am going to say is because of the Irish takeover code, we can't talk about the specific financials of Allergan until they are public, and they're not public right now. So I'm not going to talk about their financial performance in any way. But I think I can give you a pretty good characterization as to the work that we've done here and the conclusions that we've drawn.
So I think if you just step back and you look at this situation, it is clearly a situation -- one, it's a complex situation. And, two, it's not a situation that any of us have ever experienced before, meaning that this has both an economic disruption factor built in, and it has a supply and demand disruption factor that's built in. We've certainly seen economic impacts on this business before, and we know how it behaved in those circumstances. 
So as we try to approach understanding what the recovery will likely look like, we've essentially looked at 4 fundamental issues. Number one is, are there any analogs that would tell us what that recovery curve's going to look like? Number two, what is it going to be -- what is it going to take in order for the supply side? And when I say supply side, what I mean is plastic surgeons, med spas, dermatology offices, which are the primary providers of those procedures. What is it going to take for the supply side to get back to where it was? And then number two -- or number three, rather, what is going to be necessary on the demand side? And demand, I mean, consumers, users of these procedures. And then finally, will there be any change in the situation from a competitive standpoint? Those are the 4 fundamentals that we looked at. We've looked at this both in conjunction with Allergan, and we also have done an independent analysis with the same consulting firm that we used when we were considering acquiring the Allergan business. So we did 2 independent work streams to come to our conclusions. 
So let me start with the analogs. There are 2, right? There is the 2008, 2009 recession. And as I've said in my comments, there we saw a very sharp D-shaped recovery. And in fact, the business recovered and actually grew faster on the other side of that. 
The second analog is China. China has reopened most of its geographies, not all, but most, and they've been open for approximately 7 or 8 weeks now. If we look at the data from China, what it says is 86% of the clinics have reopened. Patient traffic is back to about 55%. Volume is just under 50%, like 45% to 48%, slightly lower because those clinics are also burning off some of their inventory. So it doesn't outdate. So I'd say the 2 analogs that we came up with looked pretty encouraging. 
Now let's look at the supply side. So on the supply side, what we're trying to understand here is, what is the intent? And what is the preparation for these offices to reopen? And I think there's a couple of important facts here that help support and guide us to what that might look like. 
First, the major medical societies, like the plastic surgery society, the aesthetic society and others, have now issued guidelines to these practices on the procedures that they should use to restart. And they include things like temperature checks, masks, gloves, face shields, lower densities in their offices. So why is that important? Well, why that's important is this gives those offices a guideline as to how they should reopen. And probably more importantly, it gives them confidence on how they should reopen. Allergan has worked with their customers. A number of their customers, a large percentage of their customers requested the U.S. government stimulus funds. And so what we do know is that a significant portion of those practices should be in a position where, financially, they can reopen fairly quickly. 
And finally, Allergan has done a number of surveys with a large group of customers that show that the demand to reopen upon lifting of the stay-at-home orders and implementation of these patient safety guidelines is very high. And we anticipate that they will start reopening in May, and that's what our data told us and the survey data told us. I'd say, if anything, it seems to be moving faster than what we originally anticipated because some states in the U.S. have opened up more quickly. 
So then the next question is the demand side, what's that going to look like? And here, I'd say, again, Allergan did some very good work. If you look at the Brilliant Distinctions database, which has about 2 million active members, represents about 70% of Allergan's users, it shows that 70% of the Brilliant Distinction consumers have household incomes of greater than $100,000, and 50% have incomes -- household incomes of greater than $150,000 a year. And it shows that 60% of those consumers work for corporations, not small businesses. 
Allergan also conducted a recent user survey that had just under 450 consumers that they interviewed. And it showed that 80% of the consumers said that the COVID crisis would have no or little impact on their household incomes. 94% of those consumers said they'd reschedule an appointment for procedures in the next 90 days, and 2/3 of them said, upon restrictions being lifted, they with schedule an appointment in 30 days. 
So now you turn to the competitive environment. Allergan competes mostly against smaller, less financially strong companies. I'd also say that Allergan has done an excellent job. I give a tremendous amount of credit to Carrie Strom  and Bill Meury. They responded quickly and aggressively to this crisis with their customers. They extended payment terms. They converted credits to checks to help with cash flow at these offices. They protected the customers' volume discounts. They facilitated online sales of Allergan skin medical products, again, to get those offices some cash flow. And they changed the product return policy so the customers are protected from any product outdating. 
I'd also say from a competitive standpoint, Allergan didn't have any layoffs. They maintained or accelerated their R&D programs. And you have to remember, Allergan has the largest commercial footprint by a significant margin compared to anyone else in this business. So what the data tells me is this, the analog show the business bounces back, and it's resilient. The supply side should ramp quickly when the environment allows. Consumers have a strong desire to restart treatments, and they have the financial capacity to do so. And I think Allergan did a nice job of creating loyalty with these practices and should come out of this in a very strong competitive position, maybe even stronger than they were before. 
The independent analysis that we did also surveyed customers and providers. And I would say, it looks very similar to what the Allergan analysis looks like. So, look, we can't predict is exactly how long it will take in every state and in every country around the world, but I think we can predict, with a pretty high degree of certainty, that the business will bounce back. 
So those are some of the keys that I think make us feel confident in the valuation.

Yes. So fundamentally, I would tell you we don't have any change in the long-term forecast for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. I think one of the things that's impressive when we look at both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ is both the speed and acceleration of the ramp that we're seeing in the share capture of these assets. So let me give you a perspective on it. 
If you look at SKYRIZI as an example, SKYRIZI, within about 3 months, achieved the #1 position in psoriasis, in-play psoriasis share. And then the rate of capture has actually accelerated from there. It achieved it at about 20%. If you look at the January data, which is the most recent independent data that we have, we have internal data that we also use to project. But the January data showed that it's at 31%, and the slope of that line is accelerating and accelerating at a pretty good clip. And it is widening the range between it and the #2 player in a significant way. And so this thing has tremendous momentum. 
Yes, obviously, the COVID crisis has created a disruption. As I mentioned in my comments, if a dermatology office is closed, obviously, they're not prescribing anything, including SKYRIZI. But that's a temporary phenomenon, and we'll see these offices start to open back up. And I have no reason to believe that, that momentum won't come back as patients feel comfortable to go back into their offices. 
RINVOQ obviously launched -- SKYRIZI launched in April and RINVOQ launched in August. So it launched later. But I'd say we've also seen on RINVOQ now a similar acceleration of its capture rate of share in -- in-play share in RA. And it, too, is accelerating going into this. It's at about 11.3% on the last data point. And I'd say based on once things settle back out from COVID,  it would take it probably 3 months to pass. There's a whole group of players at #2. HUMIRA is #1, but it would take probably 3 months for it to pass that group that's in #2. And I would expect it moves into the #2 position shortly after that, after the disruption has subsided, and we have a chance to continue to drive it. And so I feel very good about both of those assets and what the long-term performance of those look like. I think as I look at the R&D programs for both of them and the ability to expand the indications, much like we did with HUMIRA, these assets have tremendous opportunities. So I feel good about it. 
Other -- by other specialties, I believe what you're asking is, what's going to happen to the other aspects of the business? Because what I was referencing on aesthetics really covered the range of supply side. So it was plastic surgeries, derms and med spas. 
So again, we can't talk about the numbers, but, as I indicated in my comments, I would expect the therapeutic side of Allergan to recover very similar to RSI, a temporary disruption. There is likely to be a more significant impact on BOTOX therapeutic because about half of its volume comes from hospitals. And -- but we would expect that to bounce back once those hospitals start accepting nonemergency, non-COVID patients. So we don't see anything in the data as we analyze it that would suggest that there's anything that's happening to any of their products that would impair the original assumptions we made about those products.

I mean on the digital marketing, I mean, obviously, we have a significant expertise in that area. And I honestly can't tell you how differentiated that is versus other competitors because I think many companies like our have gone to a significant portion of their commercial messaging is through digital marketing. I mean I think we're very effective at it. I don't think that is what's driving the RINVOQ, SKYRIZI performance. I think what's driving it is really 2 fundamental things. One is, obviously, these assets have very strong clinical profiles. They fit a need in the market, an unmet need that's in the market that was consistent with what we originally assumed when we were trying to develop replacements for HUMIRA. And I think we're all extremely pleased that these assets are doing a very good job of demonstrating superiority to the gold standard HUMIRA. 
The second thing is, I think, obviously, this is a market we know how to execute in at a very high level. We have a tremendous level of experience in this market, a tremendous reputation in this market. And I think our commercial organization executes at a very high level in this market. I think that's what's driving the performance, and it makes me feel good about what the future looks like for these assets. 
As far as Allergan is concerned, I don't know if they're going to -- well, think of it with this way. I don't think I should comment on when they're going to publicly report their first quarter results. I think that's something they should probably respond to, not us.

Okay. Thank you. So let me talk about it at a little higher level, and I'm going to hand it over to Rob to give you more specifics. I think the way to think about this is we came into this first quarter. If you look at our first quarter performance, had COVID not happen, we would have been sitting here contemplating how we raise guidance. But because of the uncertainty of what's going to happen in the second quarter, we obviously had to make an assessment of what we thought that impact would be. And that's why I outlined what those assumptions are. So you can think about it this way. We're essentially assuming the business is overperforming, and the data clearly supports the business is  overperforming. We're going to have somewhat of a negative impact in the second quarter that we're basically saying we can overcome. And we had to estimate where that would occur. We're raising SKYRIZI because the momentum is such that even with some caution about second quarter, we know we're going to beat that number. RINVOQ, we feel good about RINVOQ as well, but we don't need to raise that at this point. We need to give it probably another 3, 4 months, and then we'll make a decision what that looks like. 
HUMIRA has a very large installed base. And so I indicated that we are making some adjustments to what we think will happen with channel mix, specifically Medicaid. We've worked diligently to try to understand what that looks like. And as you probably know, during the 2008, 2009 recession, which is probably the best thing that we had to be able to compare it to, Medicaid went up about 2 points from '07 to '09, 2 percentage points. So we have factored in some potential shift in HUMIRA, and that's primarily what we're reflecting. Rob can give you a little bit more color, but I'd say that's a significant part of what we're trying to reflect there. 
We also took down MAVYRET. And MAVYRET is 2 things. One, it is COVID-related. Probably about half of it's COVID related there, where HCV internationally is administered through hospitals, and they've clearly been disrupted. And we need that disruption to play through before we can get back to the same momentum. 
In the U.S., though, I would say it's primarily driven by price. That month is still under price pressure and some share pressure. So those are the 2 most significant ones. Rob?

Yes. I think as it relates to pro forma earnings, I mean, once we close the transaction at that point, we will evaluate the business again and make a decision at which point we're going to provide pro forma earnings. As far as integration is concerned, I would tell you that we're not -- we have done all the integration work. We're well prepared and have been prepared now for several months to do the final integration. And I don't believe -- we're operating AbbVie at a very high level of effectiveness as we're operating today, where a significant number of people are working remotely. I wouldn't say it's the ideal scenario. I'd much prefer we can all get back to operating the way we did before. But look, it's not practical right now. And I don't believe that anything will change the performance of the integration as it relates to COVID. So I'm not overly concerned about that. 
Synergies. Obviously, we have built a synergy plan that we are very comfortable with. And we haven't -- I don't believe we've given the gating of that yet, right? We have not. Okay. That was Rob shaking his head no because you can't see Rob. So we've obviously gated that. I wouldn't say we have changed the gating because of COVID one way or another, but we feel good about achieving those synergies. And obviously, everyone that does transactions like ours tries to overachieve their synergies. And we won't be any different than that, but we'll give you an update on what that gating looks like once we've gated the pro forma guidance.

Yes. So this is Rick. I'll cover the first one. I may hand it over to Rob to give you a little more specifics, and then Mike will cover the second question. So as you probably saw in the quarter, we did better internationally than we had projected initially. And so that is related to a great extent that we have seen less biosimilar conversion than we originally anticipated. It's a little difficult to tell at this point whether or not that is COVID-related. In other words, one hypothesis could be, and it is nothing but a hypothesis, is that because people are staying at home, they can't get converted to biosimilars as rapidly. I think it's not the one that our area organizations think is happening. It just appears that we're performing better than we had expected. But I think to know that for sure, we'll have to see a little more time play out. But overall, we feel pretty good. And so I'm not giving you a very good answer because I don't know the answer totally. So I'm giving you the best information that I have available to me. 
Rob, anything you'd add on?

Andrew, I would say I don't know the answer to your question, to be honest. I can tell you that we don't see a -- today, we don't see a significant difference across practices from a behavior standpoint. But future behavior, I think that will be a little more difficult to predict. I think most physicians prescribe a medicine that they believe -- in the United States that they believe is fundamentally the right medicine for that patient. And I would say that the profile of the drug is what tends to drive their prescribing habits more than anything else. So I would say I would be surprised if there's any difference in the behavior. We'll go back to our commercial group and see if they have any data on it. And if so, we'll provide something back to you.

On the BD front, we haven't changed from what we have talked about historically. Our capital allocation strategy is -- support a strong and growing dividend, pay down debt aggressively. And we've allocated approximately $2 billion per year that we can do more bolt-on kinds of transactions. I can tell you that Mike and the BD team have been very actively pursuing what we think fits strategically and doing the work that's necessary to determine, is it an asset that we want to add to our portfolio, and where we find those opportunities? And we believe they're a good return for the company. We're aggressive pursuing those. And so I think you will see -- over the course of time here, you will see us do deals that are consistent with that strategy. And clearly, there's a lot of focus on oncology that we have interest, but other areas as well. Mike?

As it relates to the med spa question, I would say across the board, we looked at what kind of assumptions should we make about any consolidation in the industry. And the one thing I would say is it does appear that these businesses fairly aggressively participated in the U.S. government stimulus programs, the payroll protection programs and the other programs that were available. And so I think the data would suggest to us now that, that won't be a massive impact. And if there were any consolidation across any of the channels, and I don't know that any one channel really stands out in a significant way, we believe that there -- all we'll see is a shift of that capacity to other players, meaning they get bigger. And so we're not assuming any significant reduction in the supply side of the channel that can't be absorbed through consolidation, if necessary. 
On the pro forma guide, obviously, we're going to wait for the business to close. We're going to do some work on the business, and then we'll provide the pro forma guidance after that. So depending upon the timing of when it closes and how close we are to second quarter, it could come on the second quarter call. So we're not really in a position right now where we can give you total clarity on that.

Yes. I think as we look at the strength of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, it's driven by a couple of factors, right? Particularly, I'd say, in the U.S., it's driven by a couple of factors. As I said a few minutes ago, certainly, the clinical profile of the drug is first and foremost. The second is you have to have broad-based managed care access in the United States to be successful. It doesn't matter how you much you convince the physician to use the product based on its clinical profile. If they can't get it reimbursed, they obviously can't prescribe it to their patients. So -- and so that takes a company that has strong expertise in being able to deliver high levels of managed care access, which obviously we can. 
And then the third is just the effectiveness of your commercial and medical affairs organization. And I think in this area, we have one of the best, if not the best. So I think those are the things that really drive it. 
In our business, you can't really leverage one product against the other specifically. So I don't believe it's a leverage issue. As far as the second wave, I'm going to let Mike cover most of that. The only thing I would say is we have not assumed another major shelter in place order in the fall in our assumptions. So we have assumed that we'll be able to manage through any increase in infections in the way we've built this forecast.