Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll briefly comment on our overall performance, then Jeff, Tom and Rob will review our third quarter business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail.  
AbbVie continues to perform very well, a testament to the strength of our broad, diversified portfolio. I'm especially pleased with the performance of our immunology assets, Skyrizi and Rinvoq. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $3.66, exceeding our expectations. Total net revenues of $14.8 billion were up 5.4% on an operational basis, in line with our expectations. 
Immunology once again demonstrated impressive results, with Skyrizi and Rinvoq now on pace to deliver more than $7.5 billion in combined sales this year, well ahead of our initial expectations. This performance is especially encouraging, recognizing that we're in the early launch phase for both assets in IBD and PSA, as well as Rinvoq in atopic dermatitis. 
Skyrizi and Rinvoq have established outstanding launch trajectories across existing and new indications, giving us a high degree of confidence in the collective potential of these 2 assets to ultimately exceed the peak revenues achieved by Humira, achieving the strategic objective we had for replacing Humira.  
We also saw a continued strong double-digit operational sales growth from several additional key products, including Botox Cosmetic, Vraylar, Venclexta and Botox Therapeutic. This strong momentum is helping us offset some of the interim economic pressure we now see in our Aesthetics portfolio. Based on these results, we remain confident in the outlook of our business and are reaffirming the midpoint of our full year 2022 EPS guidance at $13.86, which represents strong double-digit growth.  
As many of you are aware, we have a leading consumer-facing Aesthetics portfolio, which is largely cash pay. We have been monitoring the global economic situation. Based on all the data we have been observing, especially in the U.S. with both the consumer confidence index and real personal consumption expenditures trending down and continued high inflation, these factors are putting pressure on consumers' discretionary spending. This metric correlates with a slowdown in treatment procedures that we're seeing across the Aesthetics markets, impacting the growth rates for toxins, fillers and body contouring.  
While our U.S. Aesthetics market share remains stable across both toxins and fillers, we now believe it's prudent to adjust our full year Aesthetics forecast to reflect the moderating market growth over the near to medium term, which is expected to predominantly impact Juvederm as well as our body contouring portfolio products, which represent higher price points for consumers. 
While it's difficult to predict the duration of these economic dynamics, we expect these conditions to persist into 2023. As consumer confidence improves, we would once again expect the market growth to accelerate. Our Aesthetics portfolio experienced a rapid and sustained recovery following the 2008, 2009 recession, so we anticipate any impact will be transient.  
Over the long term, the Aesthetics business continues to be an extremely attractive, underpenetrated market with significant growth potential. The current market dynamics do not change our long-term guidance for Aesthetics, and we remain confident in our ability to achieve total sales of more than $9 billion in 2029.  
I also want to provide a brief update on the outlook for 2023. With regards to the status of contracting for Humira, our intent has always been to maintain broad formulary access so that we can compete effectively with forthcoming biosimilars. We are making very good progress consistent with this objective, and are currently projecting formulary access for at least 80% of all U.S. covered lives. We expect this percentage to increase further as we conclude additional contract discussions between now and the end of the year. As a result, we anticipate strong access for U.S. Humira throughout 2023, and project biosimilars will share access as they become available. We will provide sales guidance for Humira on our fourth quarter call.  
While we're not issuing 2023 guidance today, it is important to note that when we issue our EPS outlook, we expect the lower end of the range to represent [ floor ] earnings. So while it's possible 2023 could outperform our guidance regardless of the shape of the erosion curve, we don't anticipate 2024 earnings will be lower than the initial 2023 EPS guidance given the momentum and growth from another year of our ex-Humira portfolio, which is expected to more than offset any incremental Humira erosion in 2024. We know that many investors have an interest in the timing of AbbVie's [ trough ] earnings, whether that be 2023 or 2024. The guidance range will -- should provide and give investors additional clarity regarding our expectations for the company's [ floor ] EPS.  
In summary, we continue to deliver strong results and see numerous opportunities for our diverse portfolio to drive long-term growth. To that end, as noted in our news release today, we're announcing a 5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $1.41 per share to $1.48 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2023. Since our inception, we have grown our quarterly dividend by 270%.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

Okay, Chris, this is Rick. I'll cover part of that question, and then I'll have Jeff fill in on any additional commentary around the contracting. 
I think first, if we talk about the 45%, plus or minus 10%, that is the range that we gave. We're obviously working on doing the final forecasting for 2023. As we've said in the past, there are 2 major components which will play into that forecast. One is how are the biosimilars priced, that will certainly have some impact. We won't know that until we actually get into the market and start to see some of that activity. 
But the other big component is obviously our coverage, our access coverage for Humira and the position that Humira has on those formularies. I would say that negotiating by Jeff's team is going very well. As I mentioned in my comments, we're at about 80% of all covered lives now, and I would expect that to rise to a level that's above 90% as we move towards the end of the year. Once we have a final number there, it will allow us to do the final modeling for 2023, and that's at the point where we'll be able to refine that 45% plus or minus 10%. 
I'd tell you it's going on track. I would say there's no surprises, and I'd say I feel good about how the negotiations are going with all the major managed care organizations and PBMs. 
Jeff, anything you'd add there?

And then do you want to talk about PRAC? Roopal, if you're going to talk about PRAC.

Yes, Tim, this is Rick. I'll cover that one. So I think we've talked a number of times on these calls about what we project in the third quarter call, and I believe what we said is that we would ultimately provide you an update on where we were in the process. And so that's what we attempted to do. I can't give you a number for 2023 until I know what the total access is, and not all those contracts are done yet. They're proceeding well, so I feel good about that. But until we actually know that the contract is solid and we know what that access looks like, we can't give you an accurate projection. 
And I understand the desire by the investment community. I understand what that number is, but I think you probably also understand that we want to give you the most accurate number that we can give you, and we don't want to give you a number that's not accurate. And so it is going to require us until we get to the fourth quarter call to provide that for you. 
You are correct, in a sense, about the way you describe how these contracts work. They can be reopened at some point in time. I wouldn't say that's all that common. Usually, and in particular, I'd say, around this kind of a situation, you're going to anticipate what you think is going to happen in the second half of the year and try to position the contract in a way that it can ultimately deal with those changes going forward. But you are correct to say that they could reopen a contract if they chose to do that. There are various kinds of contracts that we use. In some cases, there are penalties or repercussions that would have to come into consideration if a contract got reopened at some point in time. They're not all like that, but many are like that. So it varies. And I'd say, generally speaking, your concept is valid.  
But I would say it's probably a little less fluid than the way you necessarily described it, particularly in this environment where we know there will be a number of biosimilars coming in. So we anticipate that we've built the contracts around that set of assumptions. 
Jeff, anything you'd add?

Jeff, do you want to cover that?

This is Rick. I'll cover your business development question. I think if I step back and I look at where are we today, we have been over the last several years, operating with an approach of roughly $2 billion to add incremental pieces to the business. We've effectively used that over the last several years to be able to build some additional, particularly, I'd say, early stage pipeline [ assets ] to the company. We're continuing on that same approach right now. 
Now having said that, we obviously have paid down debt very rapidly. We will be in a position where if we chose to do something, we could do something. I'd say if I look at the business today and I look at how it's performing around the expectations that we had for the business going forward, I would say there's no need for us to be able to do anything in that area. 
And I go back to the original premise of what we described to the investment community on what we believe would happen when biosimilars entered the U.S. market for Humira. What we said was that we believe the bulk of the erosion would occur in 2023, some additional erosion in 2024, and '25 and beyond, we would return to significant growth. We'd be able to deliver high single-digit growth from that point forward to the end of the decade. That's what we said. Everything I know about the business today would suggest to me that we are able to do just that, and we're confident that we're able to do that with the portfolio we have, and the late-stage pipeline and additional indications that we have coming forward. 
Having said that, I can also tell you that over the last 10 years, we've demonstrated to ourselves and hopefully to you that we can acquire businesses and assets, and we can integrate those and we can successfully drive those. And so if we found something that we thought was very important to add to the business, we certainly had the financial wherewithal and this business has tremendous cash flow, we could do that. I can tell you we don't see that right now, so I wouldn't assume that. 
And the other thing I'd point out is, as an example, the most important thing -- I know everyone is focused on what that erosion curve is going to look like, including us, to be honest, but -- and I know why. But probably the single most important thing for us going forward to hit what I described to you a moment ago is that underlying non-Humira business growing at a rate that can drive those expectations, and that's key. 
And I'd say there's 2 factors that are most important around that. The first is that Skyrizi and Rinvoq grow fast enough that they can more than offset, that they can essentially grow through all of the erosion that occurs on Humira and deliver incremental performance above and beyond that, and we feel highly confident in that. I mean, when you can look at the trajectories of those assets now, in the early phase we're in right now in IBD and PSA, I would say I have a very high level of confidence that they will perform at that level or well above that level. 
Then the second thing is all the other growth assets. They have to be growing fast enough that they can get us to be able to grow at that rate that I described. And if you take this quarter as an example, and you look at the business without Humira, the underlying growth is about 6.5%. And remember, that 6.5% is absorbing the economic impact we see in the Aesthetics business and the market and competitive dynamics that we see in Imbruvica, so that tells you that underlying growth is pretty strong. 
And so I think those are the important things that investors have to focus on, and the erosion curve is certainly one of those. And I'm sensitive to the fact that you want to know when you're going to hit trough earnings, I recognize that, and that's why we wanted to provide you some assurance of what that trough earnings is going to look like.

Okay. Thanks, Terence. I'll cover the first one. So if I look at the Aesthetics business, we're clearly seeing this economic pressure in the U.S., and I would expect that we will see that to continue into 2023. Certainly, it's difficult to predict what will happen in the U.S.? Will it get worse? Will we go into a recession? Will it stay about the same? I'd say we're looking at this extremely carefully. 
The good news right now, I would say, is that the factors that we're looking at that seem to be driving this consumer confidence and behavior the most in the U.S. appear to have stabilized at the levels that they're at, and so I would say that's a positive thing. Now it's fluid because obviously, if the economic situation got worse in the U.S., my guess is they would trend down again. And so -- but at least it appears right now that they've stabilized and maybe even ticked up just a little bit, meaning moved in a positive direction just a little bit. I think it's very difficult to predict. 
Here's what I would assume. I would assume that a significant part of '23, we will have an impact on it. Now I also recognize that we saw this phenomenon, as we said in the last call, start in May. We weren't sure at that time whether it was the summer season starting a month early or it was the economic impact, because we have been watching the indicators and they trend down several months ahead of that, but we didn't see an impact until the month of May. So the point is, when we hit May and beyond, we're going to be lapping the impact, so the negative impact will be softened on the business. So we'll return to better growth rates no matter what just mathematically, right? 
So -- but I think the best prediction we can have is it's going to have an impact in a good part of '23. I think is the best way for us to think about it. Again, the rest of the business has an opportunity to be able to offset that as we saw in this quarter.

Roopal?

Jeff?

And this is Rick on the succession question. I'd say that we obviously have a very experienced Board, and we've had an active approach on succession going back to about 2016, 2017. And that process has proceeded extremely well in developing internal candidates to ultimately assume the role when I do retire. 
I can tell you that there are no plans at all for me to retire in 2023. The most important thing to me and to the Board is to make sure that the business is performing exactly as we expect going forward, and we're not going to make any transition until we've gone through the biosimilar event, and we're confident in the performance of the overall business. That would be the appropriate time once we're confident to make a transition at that point. 
We've also had discussions with the Board of what that transition would look like. And assuming it's an internal candidate, the transition will essentially work where we will name a new CEO. And at that point, I will assume him the role of Executive Chair for a period of time thereafter. 
So I think we have a well-thought-out succession approach. I feel very comfortable with the approach, I feel comfortable with the work we're doing to develop the internal candidates. And I think the transition when it occurs, I think, will go smoothly and be successful. So hopefully, that answers your question.

So I'm actually going to have Jeff walk you through that. He's probably the closest to that environment.

And this is Rick. I agree with everything Jeff said. The one thing I would add that as you think about even under a scenario where if we did get to some kind of a step at it, you have to go back and remember that most of these mechanisms, most patients fail, and they fail at a relatively high level and over a relatively short period of time. So even if you had to rotate through you're going to get to second line relatively quickly, and recycling somebody back through another TNF typically doesn't work very well for those patients. 
And I'd say the demand now with the kind of agents that we have in the market now and the level of remission that they can create, the demand among physicians is much higher to get patients into remission as rapidly as they possibly can. And so I think all those dynamics tell us that this model should continue to work over the long haul.