Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance and outlook, and then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. 
AbbVie continues to perform very well. We once again delivered an outstanding quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.33, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.13. Total adjusted net revenues of more than $14.3 billion was up 10.8% on an operational basis, with balanced growth across each of the major growth platforms. 
We continue to see double-digit revenue growth in immunology, where SKYRIZI and RINVOQ have established very strong launch trajectories. These 2 assets are either approved, under regulatory review or in late-stage development across all of Humira's major indications, and we remain confident that they will both be significant contributors to AbbVie's long-term growth. 
Aesthetics is also demonstrating impressive double-digit operational sales growth. Our dedicated global Aesthetics structure and increased investment are driving accelerated category growth across both toxins and fillers, where there is substantial room for additional market penetration. Our strategic investments and targeted field force expansions have improved overall customer retention rates and significantly increased the number of first-time patients to our leading brands. We are once again raising our full year guidance for Aesthetics this quarter, and we view this portfolio as an extremely attractive growth opportunity over the long term with high single-digit compounded annual growth rates expected through the end of the decade. 
Our Neuroscience business drove robust double-digit revenue performance again this quarter, and we added a compelling new product to our migraine portfolio with the approval of QULIPTA, a once-daily oral medication for the preventative treatment of episodic migraine. Our hematological oncology portfolio delivered operational sales growth of approximately 8% this quarter despite a protracted market recovery in CLL, which remains below pre-COVID levels. 
Beyond the significant contributions of IMBRUVICA and Venclexta, we have an exciting oncology pipeline with several promising programs in development for blood cancers and solid tumors, to support sustainable long-term growth. These include navitoclax for myelofibrosis, epcoritamab for B-cell malignancies, [ ABBV-383 ] for multiple myeloma, lemzoparlimab for AML and MDS, as well as Teliso-V for non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer. 
Lastly, we continue to make excellent progress with the integration of Allergan. Our financial results show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse company with numerous products across our newly combined portfolio, delivering robust growth. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our momentum, and we are once again raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $12.63 to $12.67, reflecting growth of nearly 20% at the midpoint. 
Additionally, as noted in our news release, today, we're announcing an 8.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $1.30 per share to $1.41 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2022. Since our inception, we've grown our quarterly dividend by more than 250%. 
In summary, we're demonstrating strong execution across our portfolio. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified assets with significant growth potential, giving us a high degree of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff?

Yes. I mean, Geoffrey, this is Rick. It's a great question. What I'd say is the following. If I look at SKYRIZI, I would tell you that SKYRIZI's performance is very, very impressive. Jeff outlined what the in-play share is and what the total TRxs are, and it's very close to passing Humira now, which, in this short period of time is, frankly, a surprise, how quickly it has ran. So I think that's a very positive case. 
If I look at RINVOQ, actually, the in-play share looks very good. Now we would expect if the label gets changed and restricts the label to do behind TNFs that, that will have some impact on the frontline patients the naive patients that we're capturing now. And so we will see that impact. 
Having said that, I would say that when I look at RINVOQ's performance overall and how durable it's been throughout this situation, we'll obviously shift more towards second-line patients and beyond, which was originally in the plan, but the emphasis would have occurred a year or two later than this, where we would have driven that. We have very good data to be able to support that. 
The other thing I'd say is if you look at the indications that we have coming out for these 2 assets, we have AD, which is a very significant opportunity for us, we have PsA and -- is a very significant opportunity. But next year, we have the IBD indications that are coming out. And I'd say there, when we gave the $15 million forecast, the performance that was in our TPP, or our target product profile, that we had assumed, we have outperformed that in the clinical trials that we've submitted. And so I think that's a very significant opportunity for us and a significant opportunity for us to outperform. 
Having said all of that, we don't want to reconfirm the guidance yet. We want to see what the final label looks like from the agency. And then we'll be in a position, I think, to come out and tell the investor community exactly what we think. The only other thing I'd say is -- I think if you go back 5, 6 years ago, what we were trying to accomplish with the company, we're basically trying to accomplish with the company, build a set of assets that could ultimately significantly replace Humira in the marketplace and be superior to Humira. These 2 assets already are at $5 billion and growing very rapidly. 
So I think everything I know about these 2 assets, they'll be able to do exactly what we expected of them, even in the most negative outcome from a label standpoint that we would expect. 
Second thing is we built a significant hem/onc portfolio that when I look at the pipeline behind IMBRUVICA and Venclexta, I think there's a significant opportunity to drive significant growth in that portfolio. And then with the Allergan acquisition, I couldn't be more pleased. And Aesthetics franchise is performing at an outstanding level, the neuroscience franchise is performing at an outstanding level. I think the migraine is a very significant opportunity for us to be able to drive and Eye Care is another one. And so we now have multiple assets and multiple portfolios to be able to drive the growth. 
And our goal is still what we described to the analysts early on. We expect to see the impact of the LoE on Humira in '23 and immediately be able to grow beyond that, starting in '24, return to growth, sales growth at that point. And regardless of what happens with RINVOQ's label, I have a high level of confidence we can continue to do that. Rob, anything you'd add?

Okay. Andrew, this is Rick. So I'll cover the second one, the Alvotech one. I'm going to have Rob cover the first one.

Okay. Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover the Alvotech situation. So as you know, we're in litigation with Alvotech. I think it's important to understand the nuances behind that litigation. So in this first set of litigation, this first wave of litigation, we are basically applying 10 patents in Humira. And as you know, we have a very robust patent portfolio around Humira. But these 10 patents are both formulation patents and indication patents. Many of these patents were challenged through the IPR process and upheld by the patent office. So it gives you some idea of the strength of these patents. 
So the first thing I'd say to you is we have a high level of confidence that we will prevail in this litigation. There will be a second wave of litigation that occurs after that, which will bring into the portfolio the rest of the patents that we think Alvotech infringes. So there could be another phase of litigation that occurs after this one. But I can tell you, we're highly confident that we will prevail in this first set of litigation based on the strength of those patents. 
To specifically answer your question, if they were to prevail, which I don't believe they will, then it would accelerate the other patent settlements, yes, that is correct.

Mike?

Chris, this is Rick. On BOTOX, I think one of the things when we first went through the integration process that was compelling to us was the amount of penetration in these markets and Allergan's ability to be able to reach out and touch consumers and activate those consumers. And that's part of what drove our decision globally to go with this fully integrated, totally dedicated Aesthetics organization, because in many other markets around the world, although the data is not quite as good as it is here in the U.S., but in China as an example, you see very similar kinds of dynamics. And so focusing that team purely on Aesthetics was part of the effort here to be able to drive accelerated growth. 
The second was -- when we looked at the ability to be able to use various methods to be able to activate consumers, we believed that the business was being underfunded in a way, both in the way it was being funded and the total amount that was being funded. And so we did some early work to determine whether or not that funding could drive incremental market growth, and it showed a positive result. And then when we saw that, we applied significantly greater funding to it. 
And what you're actually seeing now, I think, is we are driving the market. We're bringing more patients into the category and obviously because we have the leadership position from a market share standpoint. We get the vast majority of those patients. Is there still some pent-up demand? I would tell you, it's hard to believe at this point that there can be a lot of it, but there has to be some of it, right? Because remember, those practices reopened in the U.S. in the summer of 2020. So that's a long time to have pent-up demand. But it's impossible to tell one way or another. So I would say the majority of it is certainly being driven by us activating patients and retaining more patients. 
One of the other things we saw was the retention rate was relatively low once you activated a patient. And so we spent some time working with the team to figure out how could you retain those patients at a higher rate, meaning they repeat their procedures. They don't just do it once and then disappear, but they come back for a second procedure or, plus, go into fillers as an example. 
So the data is very clear. If you look at the U.S. as an example, toxins and fillers are growing high 30% of market. We're growing at about the same rate, maybe a little bit lower on fillers, but about that rate on toxins. When we look at globally, the overall brands are growing at about that rate. 
And so I think this is a business that is sustainable over the long term. When we say across the decade high single digits, obviously, if we keep this growth rate, the business is getting bigger and bigger. So therefore, the percentage will come down a bit. But I'll tell you, I'm very optimistic about this in this market and our ability to be able to bring new assets into this market that can change the standard of care going forward and us being able to drive market growth at the same time. It's a very good business.

Yes. So Tim, this is Rick. Maybe Rob and I will tag-team this one. I'll start. I think the guidance we laid out of 45% or 48% whichever is the latest number, plus or minus 10%, it's still a guidance that we feel pretty comfortable with. To your point about, is the bulk of it priced? It is. Even if you look at the international markets, it's about 1/3, 2/3 and maybe slightly higher than that, meaning 2/3 of it is price, 1/3 of it is volume. And I would expect that we will maintain a significant part of the volume. 
Obviously, we don't talk publicly about what our managed care strategy is, but what I would tell you is we're close enough now to that '23 time frame that you would expect us to be starting the work to ensure formulary access on all of our products, and certainly Humira is one of those, for 2023. And I think it is logical to assume that we will want to maintain that formulary position. And we've been pretty effective at doing that historically. So I believe we'll be pretty effective at doing it again. 
Rob, anything you want to add?

Jeff, do you want to cover the second question?

Jeff, why don't you...

All right. Thanks. So this is Rick, Steve. On Soliton, as you know, we obviously announced the -- our intention to acquire the company and submitted it for approval. We did receive a second request, maybe just to frame a bit why we're interested in this area. 
We tend to look at this market where the third major leg of the stool in Aesthetics is body contouring. And this is a good fit with CoolSculpting and CoolTone. Obviously, CoolSculpting is focused more on reduction of fat in targeted areas and CoolTone's more focused on the area of enhancing muscle tone in specific areas. This particular asset is designed to reduce cellulite. We don't have a position in cellulite now. So there's not any kind of competitive overlap in that area. 
Having said that, we are responding to the FTC's inquiry. We believe that's going reasonably well. So we would expect this to be resolved at some point near in the future. I can't tell you a specific date, but I would expect it to have a positive outcome over a period of time here.

Jeff?

So Ronny, this is Rick. On Alvotech, obviously, these agreements that we have with the other biosimilar players are confidential. So I'm not going to delve into some of the specifics around those. What I would tell you is what I've said before. I mean, we are highly confident in our position with this IP. This IP has been challenged multiple times. And we have a high degree of confidence that we will prevail. So I think it's obviously a hypothetical scenario, but I don't -- I wouldn't give it a lot of merit. 
Second, on interchangeable Humira. As we discussed previously, when we built the erosion model that we described a couple of years ago, certainly 1.5 years or so ago, we did assume at that point that there were going to be 2 interchangeable biosimilars. It does matter from a pricing standpoint to some extent. So I think it will have an impact, but it's consistent with what we had assumed. And so we've essentially taken that into consideration in the forecast that we provided you and the estimates that we provided you. 
On drug pricing in the U.S. Look, I would say it's a very fluid situation. It's a little difficult to truly understand exactly where we are. You are correct. If you look at the framework that came out yesterday, it essentially talked about repeal of the rebate rule being eliminated and he didn't talk about much else. So look, the things that we're focused on and things that we think would make a difference are our out-of-pocket costs for patients and making them lower for Medicare patients, making them something that they can spread over a period of time, a 12-month period of time to make the cash flow easier to deal with. 
And as we've said before, we think industry could play a role in that as one of the participants. And we would hope that we will get back to that because I think we think that is the most fundamental issue, it is reducing the out-of-pocket cost for these patients.