Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our second quarter performance and outlook. And then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. 
AbbVie delivered another excellent quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.11, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.04. Total adjusted net revenues of nearly $14 billion were up 19.3% on a comparable operational basis, approximately $375 million ahead of our expectations. 
These results demonstrate our strong and balanced performance across each of our major growth franchises, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, hem/onc, neuroscience and aesthetics. 
Looking at the most recent trends, the vast majority of our portfolio is well into the recovery phase from the pandemic. In immunology, we continue to see strong recovery across the rheum, derm and gastro segments with positive trends across all key indicators, including new patient starts. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ continue to ramp nicely in their initial indications, with both products demonstrating robust double-digit sequential revenue growth. 
In neuroscience, VRAYLAR is demonstrating strong new prescription volume in the atypical antipsychotic market and the launch of UBRELVY, the leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, continues to exceed our expectations. 
Aesthetics continues to perform well above pre-COVID levels, exceeding our internal expectations. We're pleased with the rapid market growth in both toxins and fillers driven by our increased promotional resources globally, brand strength and COVID-related pent-up demand. Rapid global market demand is expected to remain well above historical levels in the near to medium term. and we are raising our full year guidance once again for aesthetics. 
While the recovery across the AbbVie portfolio is going very well in aggregate, in certain disease areas like CLL and HCV, we continue to see a residual impact from the pandemic. We expect these specialty areas to further recover as the year progresses. 
One of AbbVie's greatest strengths is the dedication and engagement of our people. Across AbbVie, the majority of our employees have safely returned to the workplace, and our field teams are now predominantly conducting live engagements with physicians and customers where protocols and guidelines permit. I'm extremely proud of the teamwork and collaboration our people have demonstrated throughout this pandemic to bring our medicines to patients and keep our business performing at a strong level. 
As an organization, we have also made a tremendous amount of progress with the Allergan transaction and integration. We just recently completed our first full year as a combined company, which I'd say has gone exceptionally well. We're tracking well against the operational and financial commitments we outlined at the time of the transaction with accretion performing above our original projections. 
But I'm particularly pleased with the robust revenue performance that we've been able to drive since acquiring Allergan, with 2021 sales tracking to grow significantly faster than legacy Allergan's historical performance. Our results continue to show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse company, with numerous products within our newly combined portfolio delivering robust growth. 
Based on the continued strong momentum of our business in the quarter and our progress year-to-date, we are once again raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $12.52 to $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at the midpoint. Our strong performance allows us to continue to fully invest in the business for long-term growth. As you'll hear from Mike momentarily, we continue to make excellent progress across all stages of our research and development programs. 
In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our performance in the quarter and with our continued strong momentum of the business, which has positioned us well for the remainder of 2021 and many years to come. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

Yes. Vamil, this is Rick. I'll cover a certain part of the first question, and maybe I'll ask Jeff to jump in and cover any additional thoughts that he might have. I think as you look at this business, one of the things that I think AbbVie is sort of known for is that we tend to operate in a very focused and disciplined way, especially across what we consider to be growth franchises. We expect every one of our major businesses to develop plans to be able to maximize the value of their assets, both from a strategic and long-term basis but also from a short-term tactical basis. And I'll use aesthetics as the example. 
Early on, we made the decision that we were going to fully integrate the aesthetics business to make sure that it had the focus and attention that it needed because we believe this business had a significant opportunity to be able to grow. We did that globally. So if you look at Allergan in the past, internationally, those people representing those products also had to represent eye care and other therapeutic products. So we moved those out into the therapeutic areas of AbbVie internationally and solely dedicated the aesthetics group internationally to just their products. And then in the U.S., we operate with a similar structure and a fully integrated R&D organization that's totally committed to just developing aesthetics products and reports directly to Mike. And then the head of the business for aesthetics reports directly to me. And we had them develop a plan that they are now executing against to be able to deliver against that. 
So I think it's really 3 aspects of it from my perspective. It's one, the structure we put in place, and that was a thoughtful, planned out structure. Two, it's the disciplined processes that we use to be able to execute across all of our businesses. And then third, I'd say we have consistently invested, and we do invest, in businesses that we think have the opportunity to be able to drive long-term growth and performance in a way that we can drive that at maximum speed. And certainly, as you look at aesthetics, we've increased the investment in SG&A and we've increased the investment in R&D. 
Jeff, anything you'd add?

Chris, this is Rick. I'll take the aesthetics question. And then Mike can maybe cover the second question that you had. So it's a great question, and it's one that we have been looking at very carefully. I mean if you just step back and you look at the performance of the business, we've done a number of things to try to drive the business. We believe this business is significantly underpenetrated. When you look at the available patient population here and your ability to drive long-term penetration, it's tremendous. And so that's why we've done the things that we've done to try to drive that demand. Globally, the aesthetics sales were up 31%. If you look at the U.S. toxin and filler business, the market is up about 40% versus 2019. 
So -- but it's hard to evaluate. I can tell you the vast majority of it is driven by fundamental demand, and we can see that through the funnel that we see patients coming in and how many of them are activated to go get procedures. But we just conducted a fairly robust market research study to try to understand how much of it was COVID related. And we look at things like how many of those patients got stimulus checks, how many of them were affected from an employment standpoint and are now back at work. I'd say that study, if you look at the data in that study, the conclusion that you would draw from that is very little of it is COVID-related. Now I think the flaw is this, most patients are not going to say they use stimulus money for these kinds of procedures or other kinds of things. 
So I think to the best of our ability, what I would tell you is about 2/3 of the performance, I think, is fundamental demand and maybe 1/3 of it is pent-up demand. We're going to need a couple more quarters, I think, to see how that plays out. But I'd say that's our best assessment right now. So very robust growth either way but -- and it could sustain a little bit better than that. But I think you can pretty well count on 2/3 of it being fundamental demand that's sustainable longer term. Mike?

This is Rick. The only thing I'd add to the second question is so we have a very extensive and I would say generous PAP program in place that's really designed to ensure that patients who can't afford our medicines have the ability to be able to access those medicines free of charge in many cases. As an example, 99% of the applications we get for uninsured patients, we approve. We actually just increased the program to 600% of the federal poverty level across all of our brands. And so it's a program that I think is designed to fulfill the mission that I just described, and that is that patients who need our medicines can get them from us if they can't afford to pay for them through whatever system that they operate in. 
And -- but we have not seen -- much to our surprise, we have not seen that program increase dramatically even through COVID. And we advertise directly to patients that if they lost their jobs during COVID that we would provide our medicines to them. But I wouldn't say -- as I said, much to our surprise, we didn't see the volume go up dramatically.

Geoffrey, this is Rick. On your first question, yes, the guidance for RINVOQ is $8 billion, and I would say we're confident that, even with the 15 milligram, we will sustain that guidance. If you look at the performance of the 15-milligram, it's quite remarkable. And so we feel good about the performance of RINVOQ. We continue to see strong uptake of RINVOQ and physician interest, and it's consistent with what we would expect. So I think we're fine there.

Tim, it's Rick. So I'll cover the first 2 questions that you have there. I would say, let me start with interchangeability. We've outlined now over the last year or 2, I think, pretty specifically what we view the biosimilar impact in the U.S. could be, and we are assuming that there will be 2 interchangeable biosimilars. And that's in the thought process of the erosion models that we have described many, many times now. So we are assuming there will be interchangeability. We're certainly not in a position where we're going to talk about what we're going to do from the standpoint of rebates. We've always competed very effectively in these markets. 
Certainly, the focus for us going forward is the next-generation assets, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. And you can see those 2 assets this year will do $4.6 billion, so call it $5 billion. They're rapidly growing, and they're doing exactly what we had hoped they would do. They have higher levels of efficacy, and they are ramping dramatically. And they will buffer the impact, biosimilar impact, in the U.S. And so what I'd tell you is the strategy is going exactly the way we had hoped it would go. We'll fill out the range of indications on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and continue to drive those assets into the marketplace effectively. On IMBRUVICA?

And Steve, this is Rick. On the contracting question, I'll handle that one. It varies quite a bit based on product and by managed care organization, but I'd say -- so it can be -- some of them can be as short as 12 months. It's probably more common to be in the 24-month range from a contracting standpoint.

We go through a fairly rigorous, in fact, I'd say a very rigorous, long-range planning process where we evaluate what we think the competitive alternatives might be and the profile of our assets versus other assets. And I would say, as we look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI and the clinical data that has been generated, it's certainly achieving or exceeding the expectations that we had for those assets. I don't see anything on the horizon that would make it in a time frame that would have a material impact on those assets based on the guidance that we provided or even longer-term guidance out to typically do a 10-year long-range planning process. 
So yes, there are certainly many, many modalities that are available today across many of these therapeutic areas. It's having the right kind of asset, the right kind of clinical performance and then everything else that wraps around that market access and all the other things you have to be effective at in order to achieve the level of performance that these assets are achieving. And so the bottom line is I think we feel very confident in our assumptions here. As it relates to the Delta variant, I think as we look at the guidance that we are providing in the second half, it certainly is reflective of what we assume. We don't assume dramatic changes in the U.S. or other major markets around the world from where we are today. We're not assuming major levels of recovery in certain markets either that are currently in lockdowns, like Australia as an example, or in many of the Asian markets outside of China and Singapore. 
So I think we've properly represented it. I think the health care system in the U.S. in particular, I think is -- the experience that we had last year, I think, tells us that the health care system can much better treat these patients. And we're not assuming that we see anything that would be significant in a shift in the U.S. from a lockdown standpoint.