Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 performance as well as our expectations for 2019. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D pipeline, and Bill will discuss the quarter and our 2019 guidance in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions.
We delivered another impressive year with results well above initial expectations. Adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $1.90, representing growth of more than 28% versus last year, and once again, achieving our guidance for the quarter.
Total adjusted operational sales growth of 8.3% exceeded our guidance for the quarter. This growth was driven by a number of products including our hematological oncology portfolio with global operational sales growth of more than 50% and U.S. HUMIRA, which grew more than 9% versus last year. Our international HUMIRA sales were down nearly 15%, reflecting the impact of direct biosimilar competition in Europe and other international markets.
We also saw continued strong performance from several other products including MAVYRET, Creon and Duodopa. AbbVie has demonstrated an exceptional track record of consistently delivering top-tier financial performance despite any market or competitive challenges and 2018 was another clear example of that performance. We continued to drive strong commercial and operational execution, resulting in full year 2018 global operational sales growth of more than 15% and adjusted earnings per share growth of more than 41%.
As we look at the evolution of our business and of our strategy, we're pleased with the progress that we're making. AbbVie's strategy has contemplated biosimilar competition since day 1 of the launch of this company. Our focus has been on building a pipeline that would allow us to absorb the impact of biosimilar competition and maintain a strong and growing business. Although our work is never done, we have made tremendous progress building what we believe is one of the industry's most attractive pipelines.
In hematological oncology, we have built a powerhouse franchise with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA. Today, this franchise is roughly $4 billion, with more than $1 billion of growth expected in 2019 and significant growth anticipated over our long-range plan. In immunology, HUMIRA in the U.S. will continue to generate strong revenue, driving roughly $1 billion of growth in 2019.
Since we became an independent company, our research and development efforts in immunology have focused on identifying and advancing new assets that could deliver efficacy superior to HUMIRA and other new agents.
Given the importance of this growth platform, we understood that in order to maintain and expand our leadership position, the development of highly differentiated assets was absolutely critical. We are now confident that with risankizumab and upadacitinib, we have accomplished our objective. Both of our next-generation immunology therapies have demonstrated across multiple clinical trials, superiority versus HUMIRA and other competitive offerings. This efficacy was shown across a broad spectrum of patients, including bio-naive patients at one end of the treatment paradigm and very difficult-to-treat patients who had failed one or more therapies at the other end of the spectrum.
In our hands, these assets have the ability to become the new standards of care in immunology. We expect to launch both risankizumab and upadacitinib in 2019, and based on their profiles, anticipate broad formulary access.
Beyond our new therapies in hem/onc and immunology, we've also developed other assets that represent attractive multibillion revenue opportunities such as MAVYRET and ORILISSA. And we have a base business that includes therapies like Creon, Duodopa, Synthroid and Lupron, all products we expect will remain durable for many years to come.
The event that has for many years concerned investors most has been the loss of exclusivity for HUMIRA. Certainly the most frequently asked question that we get is what impact will biosimilars have on AbbVie's business. We have long been planning and preparing for the event that is now upon us. We are now facing direct biosimilar competition in Europe and other countries, which represent approximately 75% of our international HUMIRA business or approximately 25% of total global HUMIRA revenues. As we described on our third quarter call, biosimilar competitors have been more aggressive with HUMIRA than previous anti-TNF biosimilar analogs. But despite the more aggressive discounting, our strategy is working as we had intended.
2019 is the year that should clearly demonstrate to all investors that AbbVie is once again delivering on its commitments. In 2019, we will absorb roughly $2 billion of erosion related to biosimilar competition and roughly $400 million of additional impact following the entry of generic competition for AndroGel 1.62%. We are also facing an extremely difficult comparison period due to the outstanding growth we drove in 2018. And in 2019, we'll also be funding 5 major products or indication launches.
Yet despite all of these challenges, AbbVie expects to deliver positive revenue growth and double-digit EPS growth this year. This level of performance demonstrates that the strategy we have in place is working as we planned. And it should reassure all investors of our ability to absorb the impact of direct biosimilar competition, while maintaining a strong, growing and vibrant business.
Further to that point, our ability to deliver industry-leading EPS growth in 2019, despite the challenges I just outlined, is particularly notable, given that this year many of our key pipeline assets will be at the very early stages of their launch trajectory, and therefore, providing minimal offset to the biosimilar impact. Given their product profiles, we expect these pipelines assets will grow substantially over the next several years and provide significant offset to the 2023 U.S. biosimilar event. So as I said, we're pleased with the progress with our strategy and investors should view 2019 as a real test of that strategy.
In summary, this is an important time for AbbVie. The continued momentum of our U.S. business and our hematological oncology franchise, combined with the launch and ramp of several new products, will allow us to grow through biosimilar impact in 2019 just as we had predicted. We've demonstrated a strong track record of managing and overcoming challenges, and our expected performance in 2019 is another clear example of that. And while we're certainly proud of what we've accomplished in the first 6 years as an independent company, I can tell you we remain focused and committed to delivering on our long-term vision for the company, sustained top-tier performance.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Yes. Steve, this is Rick. So I'll cover one and three, and then Mike can cover number two. So first of all, if you look at HUMIRA, obviously, we continue to see strong growth in the U.S. We are continuing to see the biosimilar effect play out. We've assumed within our planning period of 2019 that we'll see some continued erosion from a price standpoint across the time period that is greater than what we currently have -- is currently in place. So obviously, we'll have to see how that plays out. In the end, if we look at the long-term targets that we've put in place, we still feel confident in the overall long-term targets whether or not one product is slightly different than another. I mean, that -- we'll see how that plays out. But we obviously feel confident in what we have committed to, and we maintain that commitment. As far as the appetite for a big deal, I can tell you that is not something that we are contemplating.

Okay. So Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover number two. We did announce a change in our organizational structure at the executive level. The purpose of that change -- we've operated now for 6 years with a fairly broad management structure reporting into me. And the purpose of the change really was to narrow the focus of the direct reports that I had that ultimately would allow us to focus and execute even at a higher level around where our strategy is going forward. In addition, we have a very talented executive leadership team, and we wanted to get those people some additional experience in other areas and this will allow us to be able to do that. I've heard all the rumors about potentially me retiring. I can tell you they are not true. As many of you probably know, I retired once and I can tell you I'm heck of a lot better at running AbbVie than I was at retirement. So hopefully, that clarifies it.

So this is Rick. I'll cover those first 2. So there are still some countries where, obviously, it is still evolving. The Southern European countries will probably be the most significant and to some extent Germany. I'd say we haven't seen a lot of movement in price over the last 60 days or so, but we are anticipating -- and as I said, we've built into our forecast some incremental decline in price just to make sure that we felt comfortable with where it potentially could go. As far as other countries in 2020, the majority of the volume doesn't come under additional biosimilar exposure in 2020. The more significant countries are in 2021. So there is some, but the majority of it occurs in 2021, not in '20. As far as what you described as contracting dynamics, I think if you talk about our go-to-market strategy for these products, we're not in a position nor from a competitive standpoint do I think we would want to talk about at this point what our go-to-market strategy is. But I think, in general, the way you can think about these assets and is certainly the way we're thinking about it is, now that we've produced the data on upa and risa across a broad range of indications, it is validated for us that this -- these assets ultimately are superior to what's out there today. And clearly, as I indicated, we now have enough data across a broad range of clinical trials and across a broad range of patient population from naïve patients to TNF inadequate responding patients that we know these assets will ultimately be able to deliver significantly superior results to both HUMIRA as well as other assets that are out there, other medicines that are out there. And therefore, the logical strategy with these assets is to position them to be lead products in the marketplace. We would obviously put a contracting strategy in place that will be consistent with that approach. And obviously, we will fund those launches in a way to be able to drive that approach in the marketplace, both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. And we expect the uptake to be consistent with the profile of those assets.

Well, Tim, this is Rick. So I'll cover most of those questions and Bill can fill in with anything that I haven't covered. So let me start with what you described as the guidance. And let me go through the history of the guidance because I think it is important to lay out. We came out with the original guidance back in 2015 and that was based on what we saw out in the marketplace with primarily at the time REMICADE and followed it with Enbrel. And we updated it I think in 2017, specifically what we thought. And then from that point forward, we said we needed to see what it would look like going forward. On the third quarter call, what -- we were only -- to the best of my recollection, we were 3 weeks into biosimilars, right? And we made it fairly clear and I think if you go back and read the transcript, it's fairly clear that what we were giving the market was a snapshot of what we saw at that time. And in fact, I think I said at the time you should not assume this is guidance. It's likely to get worse. So hopefully, we were clear at that point. As far as specifically to your question, as I indicated, we have built in further erosion that we haven't seen yet. So in the number that Bill described, the 30% to 31%, which is roughly 5 points above where it was before, that has some assumed erosion that has not occurred. And look, what we're giving you is our best estimate of what will happen. Obviously, this is driven by not us. It's driven by competitors and their behavior. And so ultimately, it's not like we have a crystal ball that we can predict exactly what they do. What I can tell you is this, we have a high level of confidence in delivering the bottom line performance that we described to the market and we have enough ability to be able to do that and we have a high level of confidence in double-digit EPS. So that's what you should rely upon. Whether or not things move around a little bit, they could. But to the best of our ability, we're forecasting what we believe. And I think I'd say it's a reasonably high probability that those numbers should be accurate. As far as spending and infrastructure, I mean, obviously, as we look at what's going on in these various markets, just like we do with any product that experiences an LoE, we flex as quickly as possible, the spending around those products to be reflective of what's appropriate in that particular market and under those circumstances, and we're certainly doing that with HUMIRA right now in the international markets. But obviously, one of the things that's important to remember here is we're going to launch -- we've either just launched or will launch over the course of the next 12 months 4 major products that have multibillion dollar potential. If you think about venetoclax, it's in its very early stages now. It's just received the broad label in CLL and in AML. So it's essentially a relatively small product that's now growing rapidly. ORILISSA, we just launched that product. We're going to launch upadacitinib. We're going to launch risankizumab. These are all multibillion dollar assets. We're going to fund those to the extent that is appropriate to drive the potential because that is ultimately what will offset and absorb the biosimilar impact. And so that's the strategy that we'll drive.

And the only other thing I'd add is, I think it's important to keep in perspective how this business is performing. You have a business here that for 6 years has delivered top-tier performance. Last year, it grew the bottom line 41%, grew the top line 15%. If you look at 2019 and you look at that guidance range at the midpoint being 10%, you back out the share repurchase, which is about 3 or 4 points of it, it says that the underlying business despite taking almost a $2.5 billion hit is growing at 6% or 7% from an EPS standpoint. If you adjust it for the $2.5 billion, the bottom line is growing at 23%. There aren't many businesses around here that have that kind of performance. Top line is same thing. If I adjust the top line, which is roughly 1%, if I adjust it for the $2.5 billion, the rest of the business is growing high single digits. And so you certainly want to make sure that you're in a position that you can continue to drive this business in a way that it can continue to perform because that is ultimately the way you're going to absorb biosimilars. And I would tell you that despite the fact that these biosimilars are priced more aggressively than we thought or the analogs would have suggested, the business is absorbing them effectively and that's what the strategy was designed to do.

I think if you look at pricing, we have now -- we were one of the companies that made a commitment that we're going to do 1 price increase per year a couple of years ago and it would be below double digits. And we've obviously honored that going forward. So we've done the price increase for this year. You saw that it was lower, 6.2% roughly. And so I think you know what the pricing will be in 2019 because we have no intention of doing another price increase in 2019. I think if you look overall, yes, the industry has adjusted to some extent, I believe, to the environment as it relates to pricing. Our business is not a business that is driven to any great extent by pricing. We're fortunate that we have innovative products and volume is the vast majority of it. Bill, I mean, you'll probably be talking -- in 2019, you'll probably be talking overall negative price.

Yes. So it's not heavily reliant upon price nor last year was it heavily reliant upon price. So I think we're comfortable with where we are from a pricing standpoint. We don't see any exposure related to that. As far as upa and risa, obviously, we will want to get these products on formulary as broadly and as quickly as possible. I would say that's an area that we have a team that is good at doing that, effective at doing that. And so obviously, based on the fact that we assume risa is going to be approved here in the not-too-distant future, we have to be in a position, we are in discussions, nothing that we -- that I'm going to update you hereon, but I would say the operating assumption that is probably a good assumption is that we will end up with broad coverage of these assets. As far as the ramp is concerned, I think I understood your question and I'm going to answer it in the backdrop of what I thought you asked. What I thought you asked is how would I compare these to prior competitive launches. And I can tell you that we would expect like other launches that it will take a little bit of time in order to ramp. But I'd say also with our expertise in this area and the portfolio of assets that we have and the profile of these particular drugs from a clinical standpoint, I would expect that these assets will be able to drive significant share over time and a significant capture of new patients and switching patients and that will certainly be the strategy we have in place to drive a significant part of those available patients to these better assets.

So I think, I would see that you have gotten the vast majority of the impact from a price erosion standpoint in 2019, but remember what I described before. We have factored into our plan further erosion as you go throughout the year. So there will be some annualization impact that you'd obviously see in 2020, if that is to kind of play out the way that we have planned for. And then you will have some countries that will go biosimilar in '21 that have not gone biosimilar to date. And they would obviously have some impact, although I would say most of those countries, it should be a lower impact, but we're going to have to see how that sorts itself out. So certainly, I don't think you'll see a step-down that's as significant as we've seen in the first year because there have been very aggressive pricings in certain countries. And so you obviously get to the point at which the biosimilar players have gotten to what they believe is the floor of where they want to operate. And so I think you should see it moderate, I guess, is the best way to describe it. As far as capital allocation versus share repo, I'd say if you look at how we've operated this business since day 1, we've obviously been very vocal about how we view the business and what our mission is and what our vision is for the business. And that is to drive long-term sustainable top-tier performance. And in order to do that, you have to invest in the business appropriately. We have obviously invested significantly in R&D. Since we launched the company, we grew R&D significantly. We have obviously been very active from a BD standpoint. At the same time, we have a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow. And we generated enough cash flow that we had opportunities to be able to also do share repurchase and other methods of being able to returning capital to shareholders such as a growing dividend. And so we try to balance those things in a way that is appropriate, but never to not strategically invest in the business. That's always our first priority. If you look at the share repo that we've done in 2018 as an example, I think the thing you have to remember and the numbers I quoted you a minute ago I think are reflective of that. Yes, share repo is driving some of the EPS growth if you look at the midpoint, but it's relatively modest, 3% to 4%, if you look at that. And it wasn't driven for the purpose of doing that. Ultimately, we did the share repo and we announced it, I believe, in our first quarter call that we were going to do a significant amount of share repo because of tax reform, and we thought that was fundamentally important to be able to return cash and capital back to shareholders. And -- so we did it long before we ever knew what the biosimilar pricing would be. So it wasn't driven for the purpose of driving the short term versus the long term. Having said all of that, we continue to be active in looking at opportunities that are out there. We have a very active business development group. We look at things that are small, things that are medium, things that are large, and we certainly have the wherewithal to be able to do things if we could find something that strategically fit and we could get a good return on that. I can tell you we would act, and we would act swiftly in order to do that. I think you've seen us do that before. If we could find another IMBRUVICA or we could find another risankizumab out there, I can tell you we would aggressively pursue that. And so we fundamentally have a pipeline that we believe has the ability to do what we strategically intended it to do and that is to absorb the impact of biosimilars. Our focus is to ramp that pipeline as rapidly as we possibly can and make sure we're in a position to be able to continue to drive strong growth in the business.

Last time I defined a large bolt-on, it had an undesirable reaction in the marketplace. Look, the largest transaction that we've done so far has been Pharmacyclics. That's what I view as a -- the size of roughly a large bolt-on kinds of transaction. And when I say a large deal, I'm thinking about a very significant kind of deal, merger-type deals. We're not contemplating anything of that magnitude at all. U.S. HUMIRA, you may want to cover that, Bill?

Mike?