Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance and highlights as well as our full year guidance, which we are raising again this quarter. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D programs, and Rob will discuss the quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions.
AbbVie delivered another excellent quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.83, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.08. When I look at our business and the actions we've taken to position AbbVie for sustainable performance, including the acquisition of Allergan, I feel very good about our long-term outlook. The fundamentals are strong, and there is considerable momentum across our legacy and new portfolios, which are both demonstrating robust growth despite the COVID pandemic, and together have the potential for significant long-term value creation. 
I'd like to specifically highlight our recent progress across several aspects of our business, including the launches of RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which are performing well ahead of all comparable launch analogs in their initial indications and continue to exceed our expectations. Our hem/onc franchise also continues to deliver robust performance and is expected to generate more than $6.5 billion in revenue this year, representing strong double-digit growth. New indications and novel combinations, including our recently announced collaboration with Genmab and I-Mab, provide opportunities for further revenue expansion. 
While we're still relatively early in the integration of Allergan, the strategic merits of the combination have never been more evident. We're already demonstrating that we have created a stronger, more diverse company with robust cash flows and multiple new growth vehicles for the long term. We now have the leading aesthetics franchise, which is demonstrating a strong V-shaped recovery as well as a highly attractive neuroscience portfolio, which delivered double-digit growth on a comparable operational basis this quarter and has significant momentum with Vraylar and our expanding migraine franchise.
And our pipeline is advancing nicely with numerous, attractive, late-stage programs that we believe will allow us to maintain a growing and vibrant business. We're on track for the approval of more than a dozen new products for major indications over the next 2 years, which will collectively add meaningful revenue growth. This includes a total of 6 additional indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, expanded indications for VENCLEXTA and several other near-term product -- new product approvals, including atogepant, navitoclax and 951. 
Clearly, this is a very exciting time for AbbVie, and I'm pleased with the progress that we're making towards our long-term strategy for sustainable growth. I remain confident that we will continue to execute as we have in the past, and deliver outstanding shareholder value going forward. 
I'd like to look further at our business performance. I'm pleased with the recent trends across our key growth areas. I'll start with immunology, where we've established strong trajectories for RINVOQ and SKRYIZI. As I previously noted, both continue to perform well above expectations. In their initial indications, these 2 brands have clearly demonstrated superior efficacy to Humira as well as other novel agents on the market or in development, resulting in significant in-play market shares, a leading indicator for long-term commercial performance. 
The in-play share for RINVOQ in RA, which includes both new and switching patients, remained strong at approximately 16% and has now reached parity with our market-leading Humira. In psoriasis, SKYRIZI has already achieved the leading in-play market share at 33%. This level of share capture at this stage of the launch is unprecedented, and if sustained, will ultimately lead to total market share well in excess of what was contemplated when we communicated our expectations for 2025 sales. This strong performance and trajectory, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, is a testament to our differentiated product profile and our commercial execution. Our focus since the pandemic has been on driving accelerated patient activation, and we remain encouraged by our current prescription trends. Our recent performance continues to give us confidence in the near and long-term potential for both RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which we now expect will deliver $2.2 billion in combined revenue for full year 2020, well exceeding our original projections for this year. 
In addition to outstanding commercial momentum, we're also making excellent progress with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI in new indications, which we expect will further strengthen our leadership position. We have already started planning and preparing for the forthcoming approval of 3 additional RINVOQ indications next year, including psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis, giving us complete coverage across the more than $40 billion rheumatology segment. We also expect approval in atopic dermatitis, another large and growing market that has the potential to be multibillion-dollar peak revenues for RINVOQ. In the coming year, we also intend to submit regulatory applications for SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis and both agents in the area of inflammatory bowel disease, a more than $20 billion market today with high unmet need. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the progress we're making on both RINVOQ and SKRYIZI. 
I'd also like to take this opportunity to announce that we will be hosting an immunology-focused Investor Day in December, where we intend to further discuss our strategy, progress and expectations for this important growth area. Additional details will be forthcoming. 
Turning now to hem/onc, which delivered robust double-digit growth again this quarter and remains an important therapeutic area for AbbVie's long-term performance. IMBRUVICA has a strong position across multiple indications, including CLL, where it remains the clear market share leader across all lines of therapy. IMBRUVICA sales increased 9% on an operational basis this quarter despite lower new patient starts within CLL where the market remains below pre-COVID levels. VENCLEXTA sales increased nearly 60% on an operational basis this quarter. The penetration across our approved indications remained strong, especially in AML, given the potential aggressive disease progression of that cancer. 
In the quarter, we also announced a strategic collaboration with I-Mab, further expanding our oncology portfolio with an anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody, which has potential across a wide range of blood cancers. The I-Mab opportunity adds to our already attractive oncology pipeline, which includes navitoclax, Genmab CD3xCD20, expanded indications for VENCLEXTA and several promising early-stage programs. 
We also now have another high-performing franchise in neuroscience, which further diversifies AbbVie's sources of long-term growth. Vraylar sales increased strong double digits again this quarter on a comparable operational basis with annualized revenues of more than $1.4 billion. Given Vraylar's benefit risk profile relative to other atypical antipsychotics, we remain confident in its long-term growth potential, which we believe is multibillion dollars across the currently approved indications of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. 
BOTOX Therapeutics, which has nearly a dozen medical treatment indications, including chronic migraine, is also performing very well. Revenues were up nearly $100 million sequentially on a comparable operational basis, demonstrating a rapid COVID recovery. 
The launch of UBRELVY, our leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, is exceeding our expectations. Commercial access is ramping strongly, and increasing DTC investments have resulted in encouraging new patient starts and market expansion. When you consider our overall scale with BOTOX Therapeutics with well of these acute treatment profile and the promising development of atogepant for the prevention of episodic and chronic migraine, we see substantial room for long-term revenue growth with this best-in-class migraine portfolio. 
Within aesthetics, our fourth major growth platform, we're seeing robust demand trends and a rapid V-shaped recovery. Total global aesthetics revenues of more than $950 million were up 70% sequentially on a comparable operational basis, illustrating the significant underlying demand for both BOTOX Cosmetics and JUVÉDERM. We remain focused on supporting clinics through the COVID pandemic and expect consistent investment in consumer promotion to expand the aesthetics market which remains underpenetrated globally. 
Our dedicated R&D and business development are expected to sustain new innovation and rapidly expand our aesthetics portfolio for long-term growth, including the recently announced acquisition of Luminera, which provides us with a complementary dermal filler portfolio and pipeline. Overall, we're very pleased with the momentum that we're seeing with our aesthetics franchise. 
AbbVie's business continues to remain resilient and demonstrates strong underlying growth throughout the pandemic. Based on the performance this quarter and our progress year-to-date, we're raising our full year 2020 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $10.47 to $10.49, reflecting growth of more than 17% at the midpoint. 
In addition to the excellent progress we're making across the portfolio, the integration of Allergan continues to go very well. Despite the size of this transaction and the timing of the COVID pandemic, the transition has been seamless. We're performing very well against both our synergy and accretion targets, and it has become increasingly clear to us that there are also opportunities for revenue synergies across various aspects of the business. 
We're now 6 months post close, and the strategic merits of the transaction are extremely evident. Allergan is providing additional growth platforms, robust financial benefits and greater diversity of our business. We remain confident that the newly combined business will generate significant earnings and cash flow to support continued investment in our innovative R&D platform as well as a strong and growing dividend while also allowing us to rapidly pay down debt. 
To that end, as noted in our news release, today, we're announcing a 10.2% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $1.18 per share to $1.30 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February '21. Since inception, we have grown our quarterly dividend by 225%.
So in summary, we continue to demonstrate strong execution across our portfolio and remain encouraged by the overall recovery trends. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified growth assets with significant growth potential, giving us a high degree of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Okay. So Chris, this is Rick. I'll talk a little bit about '21. And then Mike, maybe you can talk a little bit about how we view RINVOQ in AD and Rob. So when we look at '21, I think you have to step back and say, "How are we performing this year?" And obviously, we're performing very well. There's still some COVID impact built in. It varies a bit by therapeutic areas. Some areas are impacted more than others. So as an example, CLL has been impacted more than other areas. HCV has been impacted more than other areas. It's usually places where the therapy can be delayed without significant consequence for the patient is where we're seeing the most significant delays. 
So as we move through the fourth quarter, we'll see whether or not that recovers more, and that's certainly one aspect of it. I would say, even without much recovery, the underlying performance of the business looks good. I think you can look at the dividend increase that we put through, and that should give you some flavor for the level of confidence that we have because, obviously, we want to tie that to what we assumed that we could deliver from an overall performance standpoint.
I'd also say that as we've looked at consensus, we're comfortable with what we see in consensus in 2021. So we're going to see a few other things just play out primarily around COVID. How much improvement we get. We have launched a number of programs over the course of the last couple of months to try to activate patients more to go to their physicians and seek treatment out. I think those programs, some of those programs will be successful, and we'll see some of those increase, particularly in immunology, because dermatology is another one of those areas that the new patient starts are still off a little bit. Now obviously, SKYRIZI is performing extremely well, and Humira continues to perform well. So I'd say that's the single biggest issue. 
Rob, Mike, do you want to talk about RINVOQ?

And the only other thing I'd add is I think atopic derm is a market very similar to several others, in fact, psoriasis, I would say, with a similar type of market. That as you get more competitors in the market driving promotion, it has a very large population of patients. So the question is activating those patients and getting them to go into the physicians' offices to seek treatment. 
And so obviously, when you have one company doing that, they have the capacity to drive a certain amount. When you have more than one company, you're doubling or tripling the amount of promotion activity, particularly here in the U.S., and that tends to activate more patients to seek treatment. I think if you looked at the total available market, patients who would qualify, it's a huge market, and it's north of $5 billion easily. So the question is how fast can you activate them and how broadly can you activate those patients. 
From a profile standpoint of our drug, I think we'll compete quite effectively. And I think, in particular, the performance around itch is going to give us an advantage. So it's a very attractive market, and it's certainly one that we will focus a lot of attention on to drive.

So Geoff, this is Rick. I think if you look at the business, you have to look at it in phases, right? So I'd say the phase between now and, call it, 2025, 2026, that growth is going to be driven by expansion of RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, continued strong growth in the neuroscience pipeline, continued strong growth in the aesthetics pipeline and continued strong growth in hem/onc. 
Starting in that '25 time frame and beyond, that's where the earlier to mid-stage pipeline will drive a significant amount of growth. Now there will be assets like navitoclax, like 951, atogepant that will come in prior to that and help boost growth right around '23 and '24. But I can tell you, we're very confident that we have now built a portfolio that can sustain growth and drive growth on the other side of the LOE. In fact, I would tell you that when I look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI and I look at the in-play market shares that we see with those assets today, when we gave guidance of 2025, we assume that, on average, we would achieve high single-digit market share across the indications. 
So as an example, you look at SKYRIZI right now. SKYRIZI's in-play share is 33%, the market leader by a wide margin. The next closest product is at 16% in-play share. And its TRx share is now at 11% and climbing rapidly. So it's already above what we had assumed the peak would have been out in 2025 from a market share standpoint. And if we maintain that 33%, by then, it will have an overall share of about 33%. So it will be 3x what we had assumed for psoriasis. 
So when you look at the speed at which we're bringing the new indications, when you look at the breadth of those indications across the revenue base that Humira has today, we have covered all of the major indications for Humira plus one more that Humira doesn't have, which is atopic derm. And if we can achieve that kind of market share in each of these indications, then we'll obviously double what we assume that 2025 number was. And that gets you pretty close to covering all of Humira in the U.S. So I'm very encouraged about that. And I think that, along with the other assets and the 4 major growth platforms, gives us a tremendous amount of confidence that we can drive growth on a sustainable basis at a very high level.

Yes. Well, Vamil, obviously, it's still unclear as to what the landscape will be on the other side of the election, so we obviously have to let that play out. Having said that, I think we assume that there will be continued pressure on the industry as it relates to drug pricing. 
As far as what our expectations would be in 2021, I think our expectations in 2021 from a price standpoint will be similar to what they were in '19 and '20, and that is we weren't reliant on price. I mean, fortunately, our business is primarily a volume-driven business. It's typically in areas that have very serious diseases and have strong value propositions, and so that gives me confidence that we'll be able to fare reasonably well, even if there are changes. 
I'd say the second thing is it's unlikely that you will get changes that have a significant impact early on in '21 because there's going to be a lot of debate here about what those changes are. What I would hope the debate ultimately transitions to is co-pays and out-of-pocket costs for patients because that is the fundamental issue, and it's particularly the issue when you look at Part D patients. They had to pay far too much of the burden of the cost from an out-of-pocket cost standpoint, and they're really the only group of patients in the U.S. that have that kind of burden associated with them. 
If you look at the overall performance from a cost standpoint of Medicare Part D, it's performed very well. In fact, if you go back to the original CBO estimates, over the last 10 years, it's come in 45% below the original estimates for what we grow. And if you look at Part D, it's grown at about the rate of other health care services' inflation, not significantly higher. And so the affordability problem is really around those co-pays. We have to drive those co-pays. 
And then I think the other thing that has to be played in here is I would hope, as this debate goes on, they're going to look very carefully at our industry and the value of our industry, both from a societal standpoint as well as an economic standpoint. I mean this is a tremendously valuable industry. Just look at what we've done as an industry as it relates to this pandemic, whether you're talking about vaccines or you're talking about therapeutics. Look at what we've done in advancements of cancer. And then from an economic standpoint, this industry supports directly and indirectly 4 million jobs in the United States, typically high-paying jobs. It produces a tremendous amount of economic output for the U.S., and so it's an industry that you don't want to damage in the process. And I think that has to be part of the debate. 
But the short answer to your question is I think we are not assuming we'll get a lot of benefit from price in '21. We're also not assuming that across that year, we would see a significant change that would have a dramatic impact on that calendar year. 
Tax reform is your next question.

And the only thing I'd add, Vamil, on that one is we obviously did flex what we thought the tax rate could be, and we just don't know that much about it. We know what has been said. But we flexed it against this dividend increase and made sure we were absolutely comfortable with payout ratios based on that, and we are or we wouldn't have moved forward with a 10.2% increase.

Okay. So Steve, I'll handle your first question. Rob will handle 2 and 3, and Mike can handle number 4. So if you look at the in-play share, about 25% of that in-play share is coming -- on SKYRIZI is coming from Humira. The other 75% is coming from competitors. I'd say it's primarily the 17s but some coming from the other 12, 23s -- or 23s. But I'd say the bulk of it is coming from the 17s. So that might answer your question about COSENTYX. 
If you look at the capture of the type of patient that we're getting with SKYRIZI, it's very balanced. It's about 50-50 between first line and then second line. So that's a nice balance between naïve patients and patients who have failed other therapies. So I think it's -- the asset is performing the way you would expect a high-performing, high-efficacy asset to be able to perform. It has quickly become the preferred product by prescribing physicians. It has a great profile. It's quarterly dosing. It's got great efficacy. The efficacy improves over time. There aren't any assets that have that kind of a profile on the market, so I would expect that SKYRIZI will continue to increase its in-play share. It's jumped about 3 points over the last maybe 2 months, and I would expect it will continue to increase.

I think he wants what's the molecule...

On SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, I don't have the numbers right in front of me on each of the markets. I would say, typically, in the international markets, it is a slightly slower uptake than it is in the U.S. but still doing very well. So maybe the best thing would be to get back to you with some more specifics around that. But I think you can assume that the in-play share there probably averages between 20% and 30%, but it depends, obviously, on the country that you're talking about. 
And then on Vraylar MDD timing, Mike?

And I think that's an important point to make here. If we look at Vraylar, Vraylar is growing very rapidly. And as you know, the atypical, antipsychotic market is very, very large. I think Vraylar's share is something like 3%, and it's tracking at $1.4 billion at 3%. 
So if we look at the current indications, as we indicated in the comments of bipolar and schizophrenia, we think we can drive Vraylar alone in those indications to a multibillion-dollar product. And that's just driving that market share penetration up 5% or so, and I think that's very doable based on the profile of Vraylar. Vraylar has a very unique profile in that market. 
So MDD, if we're successful, obviously we'll open up a whole another channel and allow you to increase that market share even more significantly. And so typically, many of the drugs that achieve MDD were drugs that had $5 billion, $6 billion of annual revenues. So this is a nice opportunity. Without MDD, Vraylar is still going to be a very important product and a very significant product. With MDD, it becomes a major product, and so we'll see how those next 2 studies play out. The first study was positive, and I think we're hopeful that we'll be able to get it.

So on the unemployment, we did identify back, I guess it was in the first quarter call, that we were going to build in a level of risk associated with patients who would have to move to some type of an assistance program because they lost their jobs. We have not seen that impact play out to any significant level. We have not seen it in our patient assistance program. And right around the pandemic, we made a decision to proactively go out and advertise our patient assistance program just to make sure if patients knew that if they couldn't afford their AbbVie drugs that they could get them from us. So I think we proactively tried to drive it in an effort to make sure that patients were not exposed, but we haven't seen very much at all. We still have some coverage left in the fourth quarter for it. But I'd say, at this point, I think we're questioning whether or not we are going to see it. 
Now I can't tell you exactly why, but I can tell you we're monitoring it carefully, and it's definitely not happening, at least in our business, because we would see it in the patient assistance program. 
On BOTOX migraine, if you actually look at what has happened with patients on BOTOX migraine, when the injectable CGRPs came into the market, you did see a tick-down in patients, but then BOTOX recovered. And it has roughly the same number of patients that it had back then. It's slightly lower than it had back then. So what the CGRPs ended up doing was expanding the market to some extent, and we're seeing a very similar phenomenon on the acute therapies as well. 
If you look at the scripts, the NBRxs for the acute CGRPs, you can see that it's actually almost doubling every quarter, the number of patients. In the last quarter, it was about 90,000 to 100,000 NBRxs. So I think these assets can significantly expand the market. I think 2/3 of our patients are patients that have switched on the acute, have switched from triptans to our agent. And 1/3 of them are naïve patients that we're bringing into the category. And again, that's all about making it visible to patients who have this condition so that they go to their physician and ask for the therapy. It's all about building markets, essentially. 
And so I think one of the things these assets will do is they will expand the market. 
Now I think as you expand the market, obviously BOTOX Therapeutic, some of those patients will ultimately, if they don't get the kind of relief that they're looking for on an injectable CGRP or the acute therapy, they would eventually probably try injectable BOTOX. So we could see a little bit of growth there. But the biggest part of the growth that we're going to see in this market is from UBRELVY and ultimately atogepant. It's a big market, and I think these agents will allow us to be able to significantly expand the market. And I think this is clearly a multibillion-dollar market.

Yes. Thanks, David. I'll take the first one. Rob will answer the second one for you. So if I look at long-term immunology, what's critically important is that you have the kinds of assets that allow that managed care organization or PBM to be able to cover the greatest number of patients. This is a category where not every drug works on every patient, so you have to have multiple options that are available on the formulary. And that's just -- that is the appropriate thing to do to make sure that patients have the drugs that they need to be able to be treated. 
I would say we typically do very well with formulary access that's driven primarily by the fact that our assets tend to be very attractive assets from the clinical profile. They establish significant market share positions, and that's important for the managed care organization or the PBM. So I don't see anything significantly impacting that going forward. I would assume we will maintain very high levels of formulary access. 
Net pricing, there's always some level of impact on pricing when you renegotiate the contracts. I don't anticipate that you will see a significant change going forward. So I think it's the -- more of the normal kinds of competitive activities that we see in the marketplace.

Okay. Great. On IBD usage, if you look at the penetration, I'd say IBD is an area where you have reasonable levels of biologic penetration because the disease, particularly Crohn's, the disease is pretty severe. I think the challenge in IBD is that with the current therapies that are available, you still get suboptimal clinical efficacy for these patients and durability of that efficacy. 
And so -- and what physicians tend to do is they rotate patients through various treatments to try to maintain them in control for a longer period of time, so it is a market that is ripe for higher efficacy agents and a market that is ripe for more agents to be available to allow for better treatment of those patients. And that's the key driver in that segment of what gets significant uptake. 
So when we see the data around IBD, that will be important for us. Obviously, the early data looks good. And ultimately, I think these assets, along with Humira, will be able to provide the market with a significant new alternative. And I think that uptake will be good based on that.

Terence, the only thing I would add, maybe to give you some perspective on the investment side. Allergan tended to what I would describe as pulse invest in, particularly DTC but even in social media. So they didn't -- and typically, what we do with brands when we want to drive maximum speed of market penetration is we invest at a steady state and continue to do that for an extended period of time. 
So they might have invested heavily in 1 quarter and then gone dark in the next quarter and then invested again and gone dark again. We don't use that kind of a strategy. We tend to invest for the full year. And in our experience, what that does is it gives you -- the fact that you have constant coverage gives you maximum speed of penetration. So we clearly think that's going to be an advantage, particularly in areas like aesthetics and neuroscience.

I'd say on neuroscience, the way to think about it is -- or at least is the way we are thinking about it is there's a significant opportunity to drive Vraylar to be a very large product, I mean, doubling or more depending upon the ability to get MDD. 
And I'd also say, in migraine, when we get the full portfolio of migraine assets, the migraine market is a big market. If you look at the acute market today, it's probably about $1.5 billion. We believe it can grow to $4 billion or $5 billion by 2025 with the right kinds of assets and the right kind of promotion. And then if you look at the preventative market, it's about $3 billion, and we believe that one can grow high single to low double digits with the right kinds of assets and the right kinds of promotion. 
So the first phase of the neuroscience is nothing more than taking the assets we have now, getting atogepant to the marketplace, and then we have a full portfolio of migraine products and then maximizing the market share position of those assets in the market. That's sort of Phase 1. 
But I would say now that we have infrastructure in place. Mike's BD team has been now starting to look at assets that would be complementary to that. And we did it in the past because, for a single antipsychotic, we wouldn't have wanted to build out the infrastructure. It just wouldn't have made sense for us. But now we can basically add those kinds of assets to the infrastructure we have. So it does give us another opportunity from a BD standpoint to be able to build the business longer term.

Yes. I think if you look at -- Tim, this is Rick. If you look at the PE and of the whole sector, obviously the sector is under pressure from the political environment, the concerns about the political environment. And you are correct. We're at the lower end of that PE, and I think that is driven by uncertainty about what the growth rate will be on the other side of the LOE. 
What I would tell you is, obviously, we have a 10-year LRP, so we know what we think that growth rate is on the other side of the LOE. And I can tell you that when I look at that growth rate, it's robust. 
Now the market has to come around to that point of view. I'd say we haven't always been right. But in total revenue, we've always been right. In fact, we've always beat, for the most part, what our expectations were. And so we obviously challenge it pretty hard, and we have knowledge of what we believe the erosion curve will look like. We have knowledge of what we think our pipeline will deliver and what the additional indications will deliver. 
And look, I remember there was a tremendous amount of skepticism about when we gave -- it was either $10 billion or $11 billion of risk-adjusted revenues for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI back a year or 2 ago, something like that. There was a tremendous amount of skepticism that's impossible. I don't hear very much of that now that these 2 assets are $2 billion and growing like rockets. So I'd say our ability to assess what we can do with our assets is pretty high. 
Now that doesn't mean you shouldn't go out and get more things, and we constantly look. And where we find opportunities, we will clearly go pursue those. They have to be opportunities that make sense and fit into our portfolio. You've seen us do transactions to continue to build the long-term future of our hem/onc business with Genmab and I-Mab. And those 2 assets, combined with what VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA can continue to do, are going to give us a very robust long-term performance in that franchise. 
I think in immunology, we're in pretty good shape between our internal pipeline, both the additional indications on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, and then what we have earlier on that we think will play out in a positive way. When we look at neuroscience, we just talked about that. We have the ability to be able to grow that. Certainly, we're going to invest heavily in aesthetics. We have a tremendous amount of assets, new toxins that we're working on, and we're going to accelerate many of those new fillers and other times of opportunities that will build that aesthetics business to be able to grow rapidly. And so I feel pretty good about where we are. In fact, I'd tell you, I feel very good about where we are 6 months into the Allergan transaction. 
Certainly, Allergan has given us more growth, as we mentioned a moment ago, when we look at neuroscience. Neuroscience has clearly been, I think, a nice, positive upside for us and one that I think we can execute very well. 
As far as guidance is concerned, I'm not saying we will never give guidance, but we want to give guidance when we're able to do it with a high degree of certainty because the last thing you want to do is provide a level of guidance that you don't have a high degree of certainty, and you know it's going to -- it has some variability to it. You probably remember, we did that on the international biosimilars. And we were off by not that much, but we were off by some, and the market didn't like the fact that we were off. So you need to be awfully careful about how you provide that guidance in a way to make sure that you meet or exceed the guidance. And at the point which we have that level of confidence, we may go out with longer-term guidance.

So I'd say the lower face toxins and the lower face fillers that we're working on, probably the best way, rather than trying to characterize individual indications or toxins or fillers, is we're trying to build a portfolio and a market-activation strategy that will allow us to grow the aesthetics business at a consistent double-digit rate. And it is both that internal pipeline and activating more patients and some BD effort that will give us that. So certainly, those lower face toxins and fillers are designed to be able to support that growth going forward. 
The eye care product, I would call that product sort of a modest product. I don't remember the specifics. Do you, Rob? But I'd call it sort of a modest-sized product.