Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance, our full year 2018 guidance, and I'll provide some comments about our expectations for 2019. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D pipeline, and Bill will discuss the quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, as usual, we will take your questions. 
We delivered another quarter of outstanding performance with the results once again ahead of our expectations. We've driven strong commercial, operational and R&D execution, resulting in industry-leading top and bottom line growth. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.14, representing growth of more than 50% versus last year. Total adjusted operational sales growth of 18.5% was driven by a number of products in our portfolio, including HUMIRA, with global operational sales growth of nearly 10% and IMBRUVICA, which grew more than 40% versus the prior year. HCV was a substantial contributor in the quarter with more than $860 million in sales. And we also saw a strong performance from several other products, including VENCLEXTA, Creon, Duodopa and Lupron. 
Based on the continued strength of the business in the quarter and our progress year-to-date, we are raising our 2018 earnings guidance for the fourth time this year. We now expect full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share of $7.90 to $7.92, reflecting growth of more than 41% at the midpoint. This represents exceptional earnings growth and puts us at the very top of our industry peer group. 
And while 2018 certainly sets a very high bar for performance, we expect strong earnings growth once again next year. Although it's too early to provide specific growth targets for 2019, as we're still in the midst of our annual planning process, based on our strong underlying business momentum, we are confident in our ability to deliver double-digit earnings growth once again in 2019. And importantly, we expect to deliver this level of growth despite a number of factors, including direct biosimilar competition impacting our more than $6 billion international HUMIRA business; a difficult comparison year, particularly in light of the rapid ramp of our HCV business in 2018; and the significant investment we will be making in 2019 to support new product launches, including VENCLEXTA, ORILISSA, risankizumab and upadacitinib. 
Clearly, 2019 will be an important year for AbbVie, an opportunity for us to clearly demonstrate our ability to continue to drive strong earnings growth. In addition to the strong bottom line performance, we also expect to continue to generate significant cash flows. Underscoring the continued confidence in our business, today, we're announcing an 11.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.96 per share to $1.07 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2019. Since our inception, we have grown our quarterly dividend nearly 170%. 
Also in the quarter, we announced 2 additional patent license agreements over proposed HUMIRA biosimilar products. These agreements, of which there are now 5 in total, are yet another example of the strength of our intellectual property. And we remain confident that we will not see direct biosimilar competition in the U.S. until 2023.
As we look at our business and evaluate our prospects, just about every aspect of our business is performing at or above our expectations. Our pipeline remains one of the best in the industry, and the progress we're making to bring new products to the market will allow us to support our long-term growth expectations. Let me highlight a few examples. 
We have invested significantly in oncology over the past several years to build a major new growth driver for AbbVie. Today, our hematological oncology portfolio is now annualizing above $4 billion and growing at a robust rate, including growth of more than 48% in the third quarter. As we continue to generate data that validates the utility of both IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA across a wide range of patient populations and cancer types, we expect this franchise to drive significant growth for many years to come. This growth will be driven by further penetration in frontline CLL, where we have a very broad clinical program, including numerous trials evaluating our assets in different combinations against the other first-line therapies, including the gold standard, FCR. Growth will also be driven by expansion into other malignancies like AML and multiple myeloma, both sizable indications that represent a multibillion-dollar peak sales opportunity. 
We're also well positioned to grow our strong leadership position in immunology with the introduction of our 2 new therapies, risankizumab and upadacitinib. As we built our immunology pipeline, our focus was to identify assets that not only improve performance over HUMIRA, currently the gold standard, but offer differentiated profiles versus other new mechanisms. We firmly believe that our 2 next-generation assets have the potential to be best in category. Risankizumab and upadacitinib are on track to launch in 2019, and we're confident, based on their profiles, both will perform very well and drive significant growth. This gives us 3 to 4 years of ramp and the opportunity to drive significant uptake of these 2 therapies prior to the expected entry of direct biosimilar competition in the U.S.
Elagolix is yet another compelling asset that represents a multibillion-dollar growth opportunity. The recent launch of ORILISSA in endometriosis is tracking right in line with our assumptions, with broad formulary coverage expected by early 2019. We expect to submit a regulatory application for uterine fibroids, another attractive follow-on indication next year.
This is an extremely exciting time for AbbVie. We've entered a new phase of our evolution, the phase where we clearly demonstrate the strength of our business and the strength of our pipeline. The continued momentum of the U.S. business, combined with the launch and ramp of several new products, including ORILISSA, risankizumab and upadacitinib, along with the outstanding performance of our hem/onc portfolio, will allow us to grow through biosimilar impact in 2019, just as we had predicted. 
So in summary, we continue to demonstrate outstanding performance, driven by strong commercial, operational and R&D execution. We're making significant advancements in our pipeline and delivering outstanding financial results, as evidenced by our industry-leading performance year-to-date and our confidence in our expectation to deliver double-digit EPS growth again in 2019.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike. Mike?

Thank you, Bill. Before we open the call for questions I wanted to say a few words about Bill. So this is the part where I'm going to embarrass Bill. I guess, you won't be able to tell that because you can't see him. But Bill, as you know, recently announced his intention to retire in the summer of 2019. I can tell you that Bill has been my partner since we launched AbbVie, and he has played a very significant role in the tremendous success that we have been able to deliver. I've known Bill and worked with Bill in some form or fashion for at least 25 years. Between Abbott and AbbVie, Bill has had a tremendous 30-year career. I can tell you that, personally, I will miss Bill when he retires. I told him the story about me flunking retirement. That didn't seem to faze him very much. But in all seriousness, I know that Bill and his family are extremely excited about moving to Europe next summer and starting this new chapter in their lives. So I can tell you that all of us here at AbbVie wish him and his family all the best. And I know he'll do extremely well, and he's extremely excited about this move. As I mentioned, Bill will be with us until the middle of next year, so many of you will have an opportunity to congratulate him personally prior to his departure. 
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.

Steve, this is Rick. Thanks for the question. Let me start with international biosimilars. I know there's a lot of interest. I'm going to go through it in a little bit of detail. Now having said that, I think, as most of you probably know, the health care systems internationally are somewhat heterogeneous. So it's not like you can explain one system and explain exactly how biosimilar competition will work across all of the marketplaces. But I think I can give you a pretty good feel for what we're seeing out there and how we've dialed that impact in. We're only 2 weeks or so into the launch. 4 biosimilars launched basically simultaneously: Amgen, Sandoz, Biogen, Samsung and Mylan. I'd say that we have now seen pricing in every single market, so we have an idea of what pricing looks like in every single market. It doesn't mean it's stabilized in every single market yet. And I'll describe for you what that looks like in some level of detail here. The discounting has been on the higher end of the planning scenarios that we have laid out and still within the planning scenarios that we have laid out, but a little bit on the higher end of that and on the higher end of the relevant analogs. And what I mean by that is we use REMICADE and Enbrel biosimilars as the analogs that we have planned against. We've seen discounting at ranges from as low as 10% to as high as around 80%. The higher discounting is seen in the Nordic tender countries. These are markets where it's winner takes all. It usually across the entire TNF category. So includes it REMICADE and Enbrel as well. They have a policy of nonmedical switching. I'd say they're a bit of an unusual market from that perspective, and that tends to drive deeper discounts. So I would tell you this level of discounting is not a surprise to us in those markets. It's certainly not unprecedented. We've seen REMICADE tenders in these markets that were fairly early on at 72% discounts, some as high as 75% discounts. So this wasn't unexpected at all. They're not a big part of our business. They represent about 4% or 5% of the overall revenue of our international business. And they don't tend to move into the other markets based on any of the experience that we've seen or any of the experience that we've had. So price points. We now have price points, as I said, for the vast majority of the business, the revenue in the countries. I'm going to characterize it in this way. I'd say 2/3 of the total revenue internationally I would consider to be blocked. What do I mean about blocked? So you can characterize blocked as a country that's still protected, so it still has IP protection, so there is no risk in those countries, a country that has mandated discounting. So the country basically says when biosimilars enter the market, we're going to cut the price of both the innovator and the biosimilar, and they'll both be at the same price point. France is an example of that. And then they just go out and compete in that marketplace. Or it would be a country that has already tendered. And so we know what the pricing is in the tender. We know what our position was in that pricing. So that roughly represents about 2/3 of the overall volume. There's 1/3 that's still being negotiated. We have pricing in those markets. We have a pretty good idea of where we stand, but there's still an opportunity for some movement in those markets. And so we need probably another month or 2 for that to be able to play out and for us to have a firm understanding of where the discounting will settle out and where our volumes will settle out. Now to characterize for you what are we seeing versus what we plan for. I'd say, on average, the discounting's coming in approximately 10 points higher than what we would have anticipated. So if you go back to the 18% to 20% that we've communicated before as a planning assumption that we had back a year or 2 ago, if you look at the new calculation, you would put that at 26% to 27%. Now I'd caution you about locking in on that number. I'm only giving it to give you a relative perspective versus where we were. Because, obviously, that number couldn't move. And in all likelihood, I think it will move some. I don't think it will move dramatically, but I think it will move some. So we factored in all of this pricing that we've already seen. You've seen some of that in our fourth quarter estimates. So you can basically look at that and factor that through 2019 as well. We factored that into all of our estimates, and we factored in further room for more downside. And that's why we're coming back to you and telling you we're absolutely confident we can deliver double-digit. In the fourth quarter call, we'll give you -- at that point, we'll have more accurate information on that 1/3 that is left. And we'll give you a specific guidance range at that point, but you can assume that it will be double-digit as a floor. So hopefully, that gives you some idea of where we stand from a biosimilar standpoint. To the rest of your question, I think one of the things that is important to keep in perspective here is, obviously, we'll see some headwinds in our international biosimilar or international HUMIRA business based on biosimilars. But fundamentally, the business continues to remain extremely strong. Our U.S. business continues to perform at a very strong rate, including HUMIRA. Our hem-onc franchise that I described to you in my formal remarks continues to perform extremely strong. And in fact, we're starting to hit the inflection point with VENCLEXTA with the MURANO data out and the excitement around AML. VENCLEXTA has moved up dramatically in patient starts. And so that will be an important contributor. And then, obviously, we have a number of new products that we either have launched or will launch over the course of 2019. ORILISSA is going well, and upadacitinib and risankizumab will both launch in 2019. So I think our prospects going forward look very strong.

Okay. On the biosimilar erosion, I think the best way for you to think about it is it's across the book of the $6.3 billion of business. So it does include countries that are not exposed. So it's a blended rate across those. So we'd obviously be higher in the countries that do have biosimilar exposure. And the number -- I don't know. Have we ever publicly described what the number is of the protected versus the unprotected?

Okay. Then, I guess, I won't describe that. On HUMIRA's confidence on price in the U.S., if you look at our HUMIRA business, it's primarily a volume-driven business in the U.S. And I would expect that we will continue -- based on all of the contracts that have been negotiated for 2019, that we'll continue with a very similar price fall-through to what we had in 2018. So in the lower end of that mid-single digits is probably a reasonable expectation. So not a tremendous amount of price, but no significant change from what we had.

And maybe just to give a little more color on VENCLEXTA. What we're seeing, because AML's obviously a portion of that, I mean, if you looked at the AML market in total, it's probably a couple of billion dollars. And as Mike said, roughly half of that is addressable. Although I will say we are seeing some activity where it positions our pretreating patients prior to induction chemotherapy to get disease activity down. So it could be even larger than half of that population. In AML, as I indicated in my remarks a few moments ago, we are seeing VENCLEXTA take a fairly significant inflection in growth since we released the MURANO data. And I think physicians have become more aware of the AML data. If you actually look at patient starts compared to the first quarter of '18 and looking at them versus the third quarter of '18, they're up 73%. So obviously, the brand's starting to really grow at a fairly rapid pace that's at about a $400 million running rate right now and growing rapidly. So I think you can expect that you'll continue to see very strong growth out of VENCLEXTA, and it will be an important contributor to our oncology growth going forward.

Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover one and three. So the magnitude of the settlement royalties, those are all confidential agreements. So I can't speak to the magnitude of those even sort of in a qualitative way. I would just say that they were typical royalties that are associated with the license of important IP. On the court case for BI, I can tell you we have confidence in our position. We don't fundamentally believe that the essence of what BI is describing is if you get a large number of patents on a product, that in and of itself is a problem. I don't believe there is -- case law to support that, nor do I believe that there is evidence that would support that position. I'd also say the following. Look, we have 5 settlements now. We have very sophisticated companies who have made a decision based on our IP to do a settlement agreement with us. I think that speaks for itself about the magnitude and the power of our IP. And we remain confident in our position.

And the only thing I'd add there is I think the market data would now support that. I mean, if you look at the relatively small indication that they have in MCL, I think they peaked at market share around 10%, 13%, and now they're declining to some extent. So clearly, the market uptake on the product does not appear to be representative of a product that has differentiation.

Chris, this is Rick. I'll take the biosimilar question. I think what we've seen is, as the biosimilars entered the market, and it's probably somewhat consistent with the fact that 4 of them entered basically simultaneously. The pricing has been more aggressive, right, which, all along, we've said we would see the biggest impact at launch in that first year, and then it would taper off as we got to the follow-on years. And I think what we've seen play out now only supports that further. So I think you can expect a much bigger impact in 2019 in the countries that had an impact, and then it will slow as we get into 2021. Now there will be countries that come on in the later years, and they'll experience probably a similar kind of curve as we enter those markets. So I think that's the way we think about it, and I think it's the best way for the investment community to think about it.

David, it's Rick. So let me answer number two first. So what I'm describing to you is the level of erosion that we would expect in '19. It will moderate, but there'll be some impact in 2020. You are correct that we what we described to you was 18% to 20% over that 2-year period of time. So you're thinking about it the right way. So obviously, there's higher levels of erosion. Now I will say, as I mentioned a moment ago, I think we have seen a deeper discounting strategy out of the blocks. And that will moderate some as we go forward. But I think you should assume that you will see more erosion in 2020, which would obviously raise that number going forward. I don't think it will be dramatic, but I think you will see some impact. On capital allocation, I think our overall strategy is very similar to what we've operated with for quite some time. And that is that we view returning cash to shareholders as an important strategy. Our dividend, we're committed to a growing dividend. And obviously, we've demonstrated that again in this call. We view our dividend as our primary vehicle to do that, although we have done some substantial buybacks as we saw the stock at a value that we thought was undervalued. We thought that was an appropriate use of it. Our first priority is always building the business for the long term. We're fortunate that we have a strong pipeline, and therefore we can drive significant growth. So we focus a lot of attention on assets that we could bring in that would have an impact in that '23, '24, '25 time frame, which are typically earlier-stage smaller kinds of transactions. But we've been quite active in that area across the range of areas, oncology being a good example, immunology being a good example. We've done some transactions now in the area of fibrosis. And so we have a fairly active program in that area. We look at almost everything. We look at small opportunities, medium opportunities, larger opportunities, and we evaluate each of those. It goes through a fit or it goes through a filter of, first, does it strategically fit? And second, is the value at a point that ultimately we can get a good return on it for our shareholders? And so we evaluate all these opportunities versus that. I don't see a fundamental shift in how we've operated from a capital allocation standpoint though.

In biotech valuations, I mean, I guess, I'll clarify the $20 billion to $30 billion comment. What I was trying to describe in that meeting was what we viewed as a larger bolt-on, not that we were actively pursuing a transaction in that range. But having said that, if you look -- regardless of value, if I look at biotech valuations now, although they've come down some, they're still valued pretty highly and valued in a forward-looking way. And what I mean by that is if you get some early data and you tend to see valuations rise very rapidly in anticipation of future positive data. But when we look at the transaction, just like everybody else in the industry, you have to evaluate the risk of that data not playing out in a larger study, a later study. And so valuations are still -- for the stage of the product, still have a tendency to get ahead of where the right balance is for the risk reward of a good return. It doesn't mean every single one of them's that way, but I'm talking in generalities now. And certainly, all of us continue to look for those opportunities, where there's the right value and an exciting opportunity. We've seen some of those that we've brought in, and we'll continue to look for those.