Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter performance and highlights. And for the first time, I'll provide our 2020 outlook for the newly combined company. Mike will then discuss recent advancements across R&D programs. And Rob will review the quarter and our updated guidance in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions.  
I'd like to start off by recognizing all of our employees, including those joining AbbVie from Allergan, for all of their hard work and dedication during this pandemic. The AbbVie team has been working diligently and carefully within our facilities and remotely to ensure that our business continues to operate properly and our patients continue to receive their medicines.  
Before I speak to the strong financial performance this quarter, I'd like to characterize the state of the recovery of the business from the COVID crisis. Let me start with the legacy AbbVie side of the business, which has demonstrated robust performance leading into the pandemic and has remained resilient. The impact on continuing patients for HUMIRA and new patients for RINVOQ, SKYRIZI and VENCLEXTA were not as pronounced as we had previously anticipated. While patient flow has not recovered in most therapeutic segments, we're encouraged by the level of stabilization and the recent positive demand trends.  
Overall, the legacy AbbVie business continues to perform very well with stand-alone revenue growth in the second quarter of approximately 8.5% on an operational basis, excluding the negative impact from COVID. On the legacy Allergan side of the business, we saw significant COVID-related impacts on BOTOX Therapeutic and our aesthetics business in the second quarter. Both businesses are seeing a rapid recovery and are now performing near pre-COVID levels. Other key brands, such as VRAYLAR and UBRELVY, were impacted in a manner similar to the AbbVie-based business. And we're pleased with the recent trends and progress.  
Overall, COVID had a substantial impact on second quarter reported revenues with an estimated net unfavorable impact of more than $900 million. However, by the end of June, the total business had recovered to more than 90% of pre-COVID levels. So I'm pleased with the resilience and the rapid recovery across our portfolio. And I'm confident in the continued strong underlying demand and performance of the combined new company.  
Despite the impact from COVID, we delivered a strong second quarter performance. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.34 were well above our expectations. The $0.21 beat included $0.11 of net accretion from Allergan as well as $0.10 of favorable performance versus the midpoint of our stand-alone guidance. Total revenues were $10.4 billion, including approximately $8.4 billion of legacy AbbVie sales, significantly above our expectations for the standalone portfolio, with continued robust performance in both hem/onc and immunology despite the impact from COVID. 
Hem/onc revenues of approximately $1.6 billion were up strong double digits again this quarter. IMBRUVICA sales grew approximately 17% on an operational basis, reflecting continued strong performance in CLL, where we remain the clear market leader. VENCLEXTA sales were up more than 80% on an operational basis with strong growth in CLL and AML. During the quarter, we also announced a strategic collaboration with Genmab to further build our oncology portfolio with a CD3xCD20 bispecific antibody. It has the potential to be a best-in-class therapy across B-cell malignancies. 
Our leading immunology business delivered revenues of more than $5.3 billion, reflecting growth of more than 8.5% on an operational basis. U.S. HUMIRA revenue growth remained strong, up 5% with continued demand from the large installed patient base, partially offset by the impact of COVID-19. International HUMIRA biosimilar dynamics in the quarter were better than our expectations. 
SKYRIZI continues to perform well and has maintained its leading in-play psoriasis patient share, which includes both new and switching patients at more than 30%. As expected, we saw modest delays to new patient starts during the quarter as a result of the COVID-19 dynamics. However, recent prescription trends and increasing enrollment in our ambassador program, 2 leading indicators, demonstrate a strong growth trajectory and support our full year guidance of $1.4 billion.  
We're also seeing very encouraging trends for RINVOQ, where rheumatology office visits are approaching pre-COVID levels. RINVOQ revenues were up more than 70% on a sequential basis and currently reflect 15% in-play RA patient share, which is now nearly at parity to HUMIRA, the market leader in, in-play share and above all other agents in the segment. We're also making excellent progress with our immunology pipeline, which Mike will discuss further momentarily.  
As I noted during the quarter, we successfully completed the acquisition of Allergan, creating a stronger and a more diverse AbbVie. The transaction significantly expands and diversifies AbbVie's revenue base and complements our existing leadership positions in immunology and hematological oncology with additional growth franchises in aesthetics and neuroscience. We have growth opportunities in neuroscience with BOTOX Therapeutics, VRAYLAR and UBRELVY. And we have the leading global aesthetics business with flagship brands, including BOTOX Cosmetics and JUVÉDERM.  
I'll start with neuroscience, which had sales of roughly $735 million to AbbVie in the second quarter. VRAYLAR continues to demonstrate rapid growth and is well on its way to surpassing $1 billion in annual revenues. Underlying demand has remained resilient despite the COVID-19 pandemic with strong double-digit growth again this quarter. We see significant room for continued expansion within VRAYLAR's existing indications, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. Major depressive disorder, or MDD, represents another potential large indication with 2 Phase III trials well underway. 
Also within neuroscience, we now have a portfolio of migraine therapies that have the potential to support long-term growth in a highly attractive and underserved market. Our migraine portfolio is anchored with BOTOX Therapeutic, which had revenues of roughly $300 million to AbbVie in the second quarter. Despite multiple new competitive entrants, BOTOX Therapeutic has largely retained its total treated patient base, a testament to its efficacy, safety and brand recognition. Like many physician-administered products, BOTOX Therapeutics saw a significant impact from COVID-19 in the second quarter with global sales down approximately 20% on a comparable operational basis. However, we're pleased by the recent data trends, which demonstrate a fast recovery and performance is now close to pre-COVID levels.  
The launch of UBRELVY, the first-to-market in leading oral CGRP for acute migraine is off to an excellent start. Feedback from physicians has been very positive, given UBRELVY's efficacy, safety and convenient dosing profile relative to current standards of care. Commercial access for UBRELVY is now at 70%, which along with increased consumer promotion, will further support the product's launch trajectory. We're also developing atogepant for the prevention of episodic and chronic migraine. We recently disclosed positive top line results from a Phase III study in episodic migraine, which will support regulatory submission early next year. 
As a fourth pillar of growth, we now have the world's leading global aesthetics franchise, which generated sales of roughly $480 million to AbbVie in second quarter. As anticipated, we saw a decline in year-over-year comparable operational growth with aesthetics health care providers closed during the initial phase of COVID. It's now been roughly 2 months since most major geographies have begun to reopen. And we're pleased with the strong recovery trends we're seeing. As of the end of June, the vast majority of our aesthetics accounts have reopened in the U.S. and we're seeing considerable pent-up demand. 
Current U.S. aesthetic revenues have recovered and are approaching 95% of pre-COVID levels. Outside the U.S., we're also seeing steady recovery trends in China and Western Europe. Current international aesthetics revenues have recovered to approximately 90% of pre-COVID levels. Overall, we're very pleased with the momentum we're seeing on our aesthetics franchise. More broadly, we see aesthetics as a durable cash pay business with an opportunity for significant market growth as well as continued new innovation driving long-term performance. 
While strategically important, the acquisition of Allergan will also drive strong financial benefits. Integration has been relatively seamless, and we're impressed by the caliber of talent that we've welcomed into AbbVie. We remain on track with our synergy target of more than $2 billion in expense rationalization by the third year from transaction closing, which Rob will discuss further in his prepared remarks here momentarily. When you take these synergies into consideration, along with the continued P&L leverage from our expected sales growth, we expect further operating margin expansion over the next couple of years. 
While the COVID crisis remains a fluid situation, our business continues to remain resilient and demonstrate strong underlying growth. Although we continue to carefully watch COVID-related events in the U.S., we're pleased with our recent business trends and the progress we're making towards recovery. And we expect performance will continue to ramp to normalized levels over the course of the second half of 2020.  
With these current assumptions and based on our recent outperformance of our base business, today, we're issuing full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance for our new combined company of $10.35 to $10.45, reflecting growth of 16.3% at the midpoint. This guidance assumes $0.70 of net accretion from the Allergan transaction in 2020, which represents 11% accretion on an annualized basis, ahead of our initial projections for the transaction, despite the COVID impact that I outlined earlier.  
Overall, we continue to see good momentum across our total portfolio and across our pipeline. We reported a very strong second quarter performance and remain encouraged by the recent recovery trends, which are faster than we expected. We continue to expect the COVID pandemic will have a transient impact on our business with further recovery continuing through the second half of 2020. With the closing of the Allergan transaction, AbbVie is well positioned for enhanced long-term growth potential, a growing dividend, rapid debt repayment and strong investment in innovation across our therapeutic categories. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike. Mike?

It's okay.

Okay. Randall, did you have a second question? Or is that...

Okay. I'll cover your first question, Randall, and then Rob can jump in and talk through the R&D funding question that you had. So look, I think it's a great question. It is one that, obviously, the vast majority of investors are interested in. We have described, I think, to investors the rationale of why we were excited about doing the Allergan transaction. It obviously gives us a tremendous amount of ability to be able to manage our way through the loss of exclusivity in the U.S. of HUMIRA. It provides us with 2 more major growth franchises for the company to help drive growth. And it allows us to continue to invest aggressively, both in internal R&D as well as external. And so I think it provides the framework to allow us to continue to perform as we have performed over the last number of years. I mean, clearly, we have -- we certainly have a track record of showing that we can grow this business and we can build on this business. We've demonstrated that since 2013, when we spun out. 
So what makes me excited and what makes me comfortable that I can ultimately grow the business through the LOE? I think it starts with, look, we have 6 major growth assets in our business today if you step back and you look at them, 6 medicines that have tremendous opportunity to be able to grow: SKYRIZI, RINVOQ, IMBRUVICA, VENCLEXTA, VRAYLAR, UBRELVY. We'll probably have atogepant here in the not-too-distant future. So we'll have a seventh asset, all in markets that have a significant opportunity to be able to grow. When I look at our R&D productivity, both in the indication expansion area as well as new assets, and I'll talk about that here in a second, I'm very comfortable with our ability to be able to continue to drive the pipeline. 
When you look at the projections that we made for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI as an example, when we made those projections a year or 2 ago, those peak projections for 2025, we based those projections on the fact that those assets had to achieve roughly high single-digit market share positions. As we mentioned, right now, if you look at SKYRIZI, it's achieving in-play share of 30%. RINVOQ has really stood up and rapidly started to capture share. It's at 15% and growing at a very aggressive clip. I would predict that it will quickly become the in-play market leader above HUMIRA here in the not-too-distant future. But they're already significantly above what those estimates were. The longer you stay at in-play shares that look like that, obviously the greater you're going to exceed that. If you get to 20% instead of high single digits, obviously the revenue will be approximately 2x what we had originally projected. So that gives me a high level of comfort. 
When I look at VENCLEXTA, as an example, there's still a significant opportunity to grow there. If we get an indication expansion, both broadening AML as well as the t(11;14) in multiple myeloma, those are 2 significant opportunities that we'll continue to be able to drive growth. IMBRUVICA still has significant opportunity to be able to drive growth. When I look at VRAYLAR, as an example, that's a very interesting asset, has a great profile in that market, the drug does. It's obviously growing significantly. I mean it's been growing now at the rate of about 80% to 90% year-over-year. There's still plenty of room to grow in bipolar and schizophrenia. And if 1 of those 2 Phase III studies plays out effectively, MDD will be a very large additional indication, which will allow us to be able to drive significant growth there. 
And then there's the migraine franchise. I think migraine is something that's underappreciated. If you look at the penetration right now of oral agents in the acute area, it's running about 12% to 14% of total scripts. So obviously, there's a significant opportunity to be able to continue to expand that market. We think we have the asset to be able to do that. And obviously, we think we have the promotional ability to do it. So I think we have the tools right now to be able to drive significant growth through the LOE. 
On the other side of the LOE, obviously, our pipeline will continue to play out with the additional indications. You're starting to see assets like our TNF steroid. Of all, I think the Genmab collaboration is an important collaboration to continue to build out. Our hem/onc can potentially sell 2 more platforms. And so there's a lot of exciting opportunities. So I feel very confident in, one, how the business is running now despite all of the disruption associated with COVID. But I look at the part of the business that we control directly, I feel very good about how the business is running. And so I believe we will navigate our way through it. And I think as we get a little closer, investors will gain an even greater appreciation of that.

Well, let's see if we can turn our end up.

That's better.

We can hear you now. We turned our end up. So you don't need to yell.

And the only thing I'd add on that is, obviously, we were more favorable on base AbbVie in the quarter than the $0.04. But there's still uncertainty as it relates to COVID. And so we're keeping some coverage there to see how things play out in the third quarter.

Okay. So this is Rick. I'll take the first one. Your observation is correct. So I think the way to think about it is that both in the second quarter, many of the assets didn't drop as far as we expected. That was part of the favorability. I'd say that was particularly the case in a number of areas in the legacy AbbVie portfolio associated with the business. On the aesthetics, it is pretty much the way you're describing it. What we saw happening in the aesthetics business and to a very similar extent to BOTOX Therapeutic is that we saw a rapid drop in the case of aesthetics as those practices virtually closed. I'd say almost all, if not all of the practices had closed. So aesthetic revenues dropped significantly for a period of time in that mid-April time frame. As we started to see geographies remove the shelter-in-place orders around the U.S., we saw the aesthetics practices quickly put in place safety measures to be able to allow patients to come back into their offices. And I'd say the vast majority of those practices ramped back up and went back into doing procedures fairly quickly. 
As we approached that mid-May time frame, we actually saw -- let's take BOTOX as an example. And BOTOX would be the leading indicator because it's the procedure -- BOTOX Cosmetic, it is the procedure that people would go to first. It ramped back up, went well over 100% of pre-COVID levels to around 120%, 125%. And then it -- and that was obviously pent-up demand that was coming back into the channel, so patients returned quickly. And then as that pent-up demand started to burn off as we got through June, you started to see it drop back down. And now it's settled in sort of in the mid-90s right now. We think it will reach -- it will stabilize back up over the course of third quarter, back close to pre-COVID levels and then start growing again. And so I can tell you, I'm extremely pleased with how both aesthetics and BOTOX Therapeutics had returned. I think it's a testament of those brands and those patients. 
As far as the assumptions we made in the second half, obviously, we're assuming the second half performs a lot better than the first half. We're not assuming any kind of a broad-based shelter in-place activity. And we'll continue to see more and more patients come back into physicians' offices. On the AbbVie side of the business, we are monitoring those patients by individual practice. It's appropriate for our particular businesses. And I'd say, for the most part, they are returning close to pre-COVID levels. They do vary a little bit by specialty. As an example, rheum and GI have come back faster than medical derm has. But medical derm has returned as well, to some extent, and we're continuing to see it return. Oncology practices in certain conditions, we've seen -- we saw some tailing off of CLL treatment in the second quarter. That's now returning back to normalized levels. So I think the second half will obviously be much better than the first half. And I think we should return to normalized levels as we proceed through the second half of the year. Rob, anything you want to add on that?

All right. Great. So maybe we'll have Mike talk a little bit about the profile of the drug. And what I'd say is I think we probably want to come back at a later date once we've had a little better opportunity to analyze the chronic migraine market. And it's going to depend, to a great extent, on the profile of the drug, obviously. But it's a very large market, a very significant market. And -- but Mike, maybe if you want to talk a little bit about constipation and then I'll come back and talk about the payer dynamics.

Geoff, on the -- on your second question, you probably recall back on our first quarter guidance, when we outlined that we had built in to our forecast for the remainder of the year some impact for some channels shifting that we thought could occur due to the high unemployment. And essentially, we haven't seen much of that at all. In fact, I would tell you, we haven't seen any of it to any material effect right now. And one of the things that we do to watch that carefully is our PAP program. We've been advertising extensively to consumers to make sure that they know if they lost their insurance or they lost their jobs and they don't have insurance coverage and they can't afford their AbbVie medicines to come to us. We have a very extensive patient assistance program. And we're not seeing any significant increase in those requests. It could be because of the furloughs. We're not 100% sure yet. And potentially, we could see some increase as we go further here, depending upon what happens with stimulus programs going forward. We have still maintained some level of coverage in our forecast that we're providing now. So we believe we have sufficient coverage to deal with it, and we'll just have to see how it sorts itself out.

Right. Okay. I'll cover both of those questions. So on migraine, I mean, obviously, we don't publicly talk about our net price. We have fairly significant managed care coverage on the asset already. I think it's about 70%. And obviously, it had to be priced in a way that was appropriate to be able to get that level of coverage. This is a market where market expansion is important. As I said, I think if you look at the penetration right now of acute migraine products, against the -- or at least the oral CGRPs against the total migraine acute market, it's about 12% penetrated right now. 
So there's a significant opportunity to be able to grow that market. And it gives you some idea of the magnitude of this market. So you certainly want it to be in a position where it can have access to be able to allow patients to be able to use the products. These products certainly have demonstrated that they have strong demand from patients to be able to provide them appropriate levels of relief. And so I would just tell you that, that's an important aspect of the overall strategy here is to be able to grow this market over the long term.  
On the executive orders, as you have probably seen, they're pretty high level at this point and they provide some high-level direction. So I think until we see them sort of start to sort out, I think it's a little difficult to give you a lot of specificity around what they look like. Now I will say, if I look at them in the backdrop of AbbVie's business, I would say I don't think they will have a significant impact on our business. If you look at Part B, as an example, we have a very small Part B business. I think it's around 2% to 3%. 3%, I guess, is the right number now. So it's a very insignificant part. If you look at the importation bill or executive order, it's very similar to what's already been given out to the states. And it excludes biologics, which obviously is an important part of our business. If you look at the third one, it's insulin and EpiPen. We're not in that business. 
And then the rebate rule. Certainly, as we look at rebates, we're absolutely supportive of patients being able to get the benefit of the discount associated with the rebate or discount. As we've said many times before, for us, whether it's a rebate or a discount is not very material to us. What I would say is, when I look at that executive order, it does say that you have to be able to implement it without increasing premiums. And everything I know about how rebates are redistributed, I would say that I think that, that will be difficult to do. So I don't know how that will ultimately play out, so -- I mean at a high-level look at what we think about them right now. But I think right now, I wouldn't anticipate that they have a significant risk associated with AbbVie.

Okay. So I'll cover the first one and then I'll have Mike cover the second and Rob can cover the third. So if I look at the business overall, I said that the integration has gone very seamlessly. And I think that's a tribute to all the planning that we did. We had some extra time to be able to do it and I think that benefited us. And so I think the 2 organizations have come together in a way that's been quite good. Now I would say I think the places where we have an opportunity to be able to provide some synergy and benefit, certainly, when you look at our therapeutic businesses, when you look at our -- many of the tactical kinds of execution techniques that we use in the marketplace, I think many of those are applicable to the Allergan therapeutic portfolio. Certainly, when you look at managed care, that's an area that we have demonstrated that we're quite skilled at being able to effectively manage our way through that. 
And then the third area I'd say is if I look at aesthetics, aesthetics is a very attractive market. It has a significant opportunity to be able to grow that market, which I mean by bringing in more people into the market more quickly. You can do that several different ways. Obviously, some of it is driven by promotional activity. I'd say Allergan is very skilled from a social media standpoint. And I think that's an area that's probably been underfunded. Historically, it's an area that we have a high level of interest in funding to a greater extent. And we obviously have the financial wherewithal to be able to do that. 
The second thing is being able to bring more new innovation more rapidly into that market. And I think that's an area that we'll also be able to provide a benefit both in the way we operate R&D and the ability to be able to rapidly innovate. I think that will be a benefit to the overall business. And I think we have an opportunity to be able to accelerate the growth of that business in a meaningful way over time. And it's a market I like a lot, I think, both based on demographics, the cash pay aspects of it and how it responds to appropriate innovation in that market. So that's an area that I think, over time, you can expect us to continue to make sure that we're doing what we know how to do to be able to ultimately grow that market over the long term. Those would be some of the things I'd tell you at a high level. Mike?

Yes. I would just reiterate what Mike says. I mean physicians are well skilled in understanding what placebo rates are. And I just don't even think it's appropriate not to represent a product's efficacy without looking at the placebo rate. So I mean I think that will be the way doctors look at it. And I think that is the way the products will be marketed. And certainly, if I had a lower rate, I may have an interest in that. But at the end of the day, I think that is the appropriate way to look at it.

Okay. Thanks. I'll take the first question. Mike can cover the second one. So RINVOQ clearly has started to ramp in a fairly significant way. I think it's associated with 2 things. One is any time you see a pro -- it's about 8 months into its launch, you typically start to see that inflection point on successful products. As you go out and you present the data to physicians and start to educate physicians and they start to get some use, you tend to see that inflection point start to happen around 6 months. So I think it's the natural inflection point that we would have expected if the product was being successfully accepted into the marketplace the way we hoped as a high-efficacy agent. I think there is some benefit that we're seeing during the COVID crisis that it is an oral, so it's a little easier to prescribe than an injectable might be. So we're probably getting some collateral benefit associated with that. But I don't think that's the fundamental benefit that we're seeing. Mike?