Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll briefly comment on our overall performance, then Jeff, Tom and Rob will review our first quarter business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. 
I'm pleased with the excellent start to 2022. It further reinforces our confidence in the long-term fundamentals of the business. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.16, exceeding our expectations. Total net revenue of more than $13.5 billion was up 5.4% on an operational basis, also above our expectations. These results demonstrate strong momentum across several key products and portfolios, including robust double-digit operational revenue growth from Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Neuroscience and Aesthetics. 
Skyrizi is performing exceptionally well. We are achieving impressive market share gains in psoriasis, which remains a significant market opportunity. Skyrizi's recent launch in psoriatic arthritis as well as the anticipated regulatory approval in Crohn's disease should also serve as important growth drivers over the long term. 
Rinvoq is also contributing compelling sales growth. Subscription trends in RA have recently stabilized as we expected and we're making excellent progress repositioning the brand as the leading second-line agent based on the robust data generated across our broad development programs. The early launch trends for Rinvoq in both atopic dermatitis and psoriatic arthritis are highly encouraging, with commercial access and paid prescriptions expected to ramp significantly over the coming months. We anticipate that these 2 new indications, along with the recent U.S. approval in ulcerative colitis, should add substantial revenue growth for Rinvoq over the long term. 
Neuroscience remains an exciting opportunity for our company. Vraylar continues to have strong momentum across our currently approved indication and the pending regulatory approval in major depressive disorder represents a significant upside to current projections. In migraine, our portfolio of distinct therapies with Ubrelvy, Qulipta and Botox Therapeutic is demonstrating robust double-digit sales growth. With the migraine market anticipated to roughly double in size over the next several years, there is significant headroom for continued revenue growth with these compelling therapies. 
Aesthetics is once again exceeding expectations. The category continues to grow robust double digits, especially in toxins and fillers, where there is substantial opportunity for further market penetration. Our commercial team is executing at a high level with targeted promotion and enhanced digital services, including our Alle loyalty program driving strong market share performance across our major brands. 
In summary, this is an exciting time for AbbVie, and I'm extremely pleased with the evolution and momentum of our diverse portfolio. We're making excellent progress with the launches of several new products and indications, which will collectively add meaningful revenue for AbbVie as commercial access ramps for each of these opportunities over the remainder of this year. We're off to another exceptional start, and our long-term growth prospects remain strong. 
I'd now like to take a brief moment to thank Mike Severino for his contributions to the success of AbbVie over the last 8 years. As you know, Mike has decided to leave AbbVie at the end of May to pursue another career opportunity, and we wish him all the best. I'd also like to take this opportunity to formally introduce to you Tom Hudson. Tom joined AbbVie back in 2016 as the Head of Discovery and Early Development. In 2018, Tom undertook responsibilities for AbbVie's entire discovery organization. Then in 2019, was promoted to the Head of AbbVie R&D and Chief Scientific Officer, where he assumed responsibility for all of AbbVie's R&D. 
Tom has an impressive background as a clinical scientist. His medical specialty is in clinical immunology and allergy. Tom played a critical role in the human genome project while working at both the Whitehead Institute and MIT, where Tom led the team that mapped the human genome. Tom was also instrumental in the International HapMap Project to refine the genetic architecture of the human genome. Tom went on to further lead the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, which included discovery and translational cancer research with a clinical network of more than 1,000 investigators. 
Tom will be providing an update on our continued pipeline progress to you later in the call. But first, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

So Terence, this is Rick. I'll take the first question for you. And I'm probably going to answer a little broader because I think it is important. I understand the interest in trying to understand how to model 2023, it's obviously important to us to model 2023 as accurately as possible. And I think if you step back, obviously, contracting is one portion of a variable that will impact the speed at which biosimilars are able to adopt -- be adopted in the market. If you step back and look, there's probably 4 key variables that will impact what that adoption rate looks like. 
One of them is obviously what will Humira's access be post biosimilars entering the marketplace. And this is the period where you would normally be doing the contracting around that. I think we'll do well in being able to be co-positioned versus biosimilars in the vast majority of covered lives here in the United States. But that process isn't done, and we're not in a position to be able to ultimately give you any further update until we're a little further along in that process. 
The second variable that will impact what 2023 looks like is how will the biosimilars price? We don't know that. Obviously, we have seen how they price in markets outside the U.S., but there's no market exactly like the U.S. internationally. And so that's a variable. We're making some projections of what we believe that pricing will look like. But that's ultimately something we're going to have to see how it plays out. 
I'd say the third variable is how competitive will these biosimilars be. It's going to be -- by the summer of 2023, there's going to be a lot of biosimilars in the U.S. market, but they're not all the same. And how competitive will they be against what is Humira today? And what do the bulk of patients use as it relates to Humira. And what I mean by that is interchangeability and a number of other factors are going to play into the competitiveness of those biosimilars. 
And I'd say the fourth variable, and it's not something that people think about that much, and that is the ability of a biosimilar to be able to supply the U.S. market. There's no market like the United States for Humira anywhere around the world. In the United States, it's significantly larger than any other market around the world. There are certainly biosimilar players that are like an AbbVie, and I would expect them to have manufacturing capacity. There are generic players that could have sufficient manufacturing capacity, and then there are very small companies. 
But I think anybody, any payer that's going to want to convert in any significant way to a biosimilar, they're going to want confidence that they can have a reliability of supply of that biosimilar. And we've spent years building the network that we have. We have full redundancy of every aspect of the manufacturing process on Humira. And we've never had a problem supplying the U.S. market. So I think we can be viewed as kind of the gold standard. 
So those are the variables that are going to impact what this transition looks like. The guidance we've given so far is this 45%, plus or minus 10%. I think at this point, that's still the best information that we can provide. Later this year, I think some of these variables will be clearer to it. And we may be in a position to be able to provide some more information to investors, and we would do that. 
Some will not. Pricing will not be clear at that point. We're not going to know how they're going to price until we actually get into -- they actually get into the marketplace. So I think that's the way to think about these variables. Rob, anything you'd add?

Okay. Number 2, Neil?

Steve, this is Rick. I think Rob and I will handle the second question for you. Yes. Look, I think it's a great question, and we've gotten that question a lot. What's the erosion going to be in '23? And is it going to be lighter in '23 and therefore, spill more into '24. And I think that's a reasonable question to start to think through. I'd say as I step back and look at it, I would tell you this. Look, at the end of the day, it could be lighter in '23. That would force more of it out into '24. 
If I look at the business, that's a good thing. It would give us higher cash flows in '23 than what we would be projecting now. Ultimately, I think there will be a settling out between '23 and '24. We'll still get to the levels that we have described or at least that we are modeling. And I think the important thing is, look, Humira is going to play out over these 2-year period of time. What's important to AbbVie, though, is what's that underlying growth that's driving the business and is going to sustain the growth on the other side of the LOE. That's the critical aspect of it. 
Skyrizis, the Rinvoqs, our Neuroscience pipeline, Aesthetics, it's all of those major growth drivers that we have because that growth is going to be suppressed in '23 and somewhat maybe in '24. But as soon as that pressure is off, that's when it will reemerge and be able to deliver growth on the other side of it. And so what we're focused on is, obviously, we're going to try to manage the '23-'24 dynamic to the extent that we're able to. But that's not the most critical part for the business. The most critical part is driving these growth brands and delivering on the pipeline.

I think as we look at our long-range plan, we don't see or anticipate a dramatic impact. We've provided that 2025 guidance and I think it's reflective of significant growth of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. If you look at those assets and you look at their clinical performance, they really stand out. And that's what's driving the kind of volume and growth that we're seeing. And I think you will see obvious price disruption in the Humira market from biosimilars. But I don't anticipate that you're going to see that bleed over in a significant way to those other assets. Jeff, do you see any differently?

Carrie?