Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll provide perspective on our overall performance and outlook. And then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our quarterly business highlights, pipeline progress, financial results and guidance for 2022 in more detail.
Our performance this quarter tops off another excellent year for AbbVie, with results well above our initial expectations. We delivered full year 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $12.70, representing growth of more than 20% versus the prior year. Full year adjusted net revenues were more than $56 billion, up 10.5% on a comparable operational basis. These results demonstrate balanced performance across each of our major growth franchises, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, aesthetics and neuroscience.
I'm extremely pleased with our momentum, and we've entered this year in a strong position, which is reflected in our guidance. We anticipate 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $14 to $14.20, representing growth of 11% at the midpoint. Longer term, we remain well positioned with an impressive set of diversified growth assets.
In immunology, Skyrizi and Rinvoq are already contributing meaningful revenue, including $4.6 billion in combined sales last year with substantial growth anticipated in 2022 and beyond. Over the next few months, we expect to add several new indications to the list of approved uses for these 2 assets. At which point, Skyrizi and Rinvoq will be commercialized across all of Humira's major indications plus atopic dermatitis. With the strong performance that we're seeing in their initial indications and the robust data we've demonstrated across our broad development programs, we expect combined peak sales for Skyrizi and Rinvoq to exceed the peak revenues achieved by Humira.
In hematological oncology, we've established a leading position with Imbruvica and Venclexta, which are both expected to remain important revenue contributors through the decade. To support our next wave of growth, we also have an exciting and diverse pipeline of promising new therapies to address critical unmet needs in both blood cancers and solid tumors. Notable opportunities from our mid- to late-stage oncology pipeline include: navitoclax for myelofibrosis, which has the potential to provide disease modification in a market where current treatments only address symptoms; epcoritamab, a potentially best-in-class CD3xCD20 for B-cell malignancies, including DLBCL and follicular lymphoma; ABBV-383, our BCMA CD3 bispecific, which has the potential to become a best-in-class treatment in multiple myeloma; and Teliso-V, our promising c-Met ADC being studied for nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, which was recently granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation.
In neuroscience, we have a portfolio of compelling and differentiated therapies to support robust long-term growth in migraine, Parkinson's disease and psychiatric conditions. Ubrelvy and QULIPTA are both demonstrating strong launch trajectories in migraine, with each treatment expected to contribute more than $1 billion in peak sales. Vraylar continues to have a significant opportunity with currently approved indications with peak sales expected to approach $4 billion. An approval in major depressive disorder represents upside to our current projections. In 951, a potentially transformative improvement to our current treatment options for patients with advanced Parkinson's disease with peak sales also anticipated to be more than $1 billion.
Our leading aesthetics portfolio represents another extremely attractive growth opportunity. This business is performing well above expectations, delivering full year 2021 sales of more than $5.2 billion, $700 million higher than our initial guidance. AbbVie's increased promotional investments are driving accelerated category growth, especially in toxins and fillers, where there is substantial room for additional market penetration globally.
Dedicated resources are also focused on delivering new product innovation within aesthetics with several exciting R&D programs internally, including both short-acting and long-acting toxins as well as novel fillers with biostimulatory or regenerative features. And we remain active with business development to pursue promising external technologies and complementary opportunities, including the recently closed Soliton acquisition, which further expands our body contouring portfolio. Given this focused investment, we expect our aesthetics franchise to deliver high single-digit revenue growth through the end of the decade, including sales of more than $9 billion in 2029.
Lastly, we've developed a robust pipeline, including numerous attractive late-stage programs, novel early-stage therapies and a growing range of potential platform technologies, which we expect will collectively contribute to our growth through the decade. With the actions that we've taken to diversify our sources of growth, we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for our business. Following the U.S. Humira LOE event in 2023, we expect to quickly return to growth in 2024 and deliver a high single-digit growth from 2025 to the end of the decade. This is a testament to the strength of AbbVie's broad and balanced portfolio.
In summary, this is an exciting time for our company. We're demonstrating excellent execution across our portfolio, and our long-term growth prospects remain very strong.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff?

Okay. Ronny, this is Rick Gonzalez. I'll take the Humira questions. I think if you look at the guidance we provided thus far, I mean, I think that's consistent with how we see the market playing out overall. We've said basically you should be thinking about 45% erosion, plus or minus 10%, that's probably a reasonable range. Nothing has really given us any indication that it should be different than that at this point.
I think we will be in a position as we move later on this year to potentially be able to provide some more specificity around that. We should be through all of the contracting at that point, in a better position to be able to understand the ramp and the change that will occur over that period of time, and we certainly want to provide guidance when we have confidence that we can give you a high degree of specificity of what that guidance looks like.
As it relates to your question about will the floor for Humira -- I think your question is, what will the floor for Humira be in '23 or '24? And I believe you'll see further erosion from '23 to '24 on the Humira business alone. But what we have described is we returned to growth on the overall business. So you have to think about it from the perspective of this underlying growth engine that gets suppressed in '23 by the significant erosion that you see around Humira, both price and some volume. And then as that continues, it continues at a slower pace when we get into '24. So the overall business has the ability to be able to drive growth for the total company. But yes, Humira would continue to decline in '24. And then Rob, why don't you cover the third one?

This is Rick. I'll cover the aesthetics questions for you. Certainly, as you look at Botox, both here in the U.S. and internationally, it competes today against a significant number of competitive alternatives that are available. I think it's a pretty impressive position that Botox has in the market. When you look at the brand equity that it has, when you look at the confidence that injectors have in using the product, they tend to describe it as the most forgiving of all the toxins that they have experience with.
And then there's obviously a fairly significant customer loyalty aspect to Botox with the loyalty programs, and Allergan has a very significant loyalty program that offers patients incentives to be able to use the product and to go back and get repeat procedures. Having said all of that, we feel confident in the position that we have competitively against the competitive alternatives that we see out there and those that we see coming.
We have a very active R&D effort in the aesthetics R&D group now that's looking at next-generation toxins. Two in particular that we highlighted in the comments earlier are we had a short-acting toxin that's in development that's progressing very nicely, and we have a true long-acting toxin that's in development as well. And we believe that those will help grow the market.
But if I look at the market now, obviously, we've seen significant acceleration in the market since we've activated many of the strategies that we put in place after acquiring Allergan. But if I look at our overall share, overall share has stayed very steady, in fact, might have ticked up 1 point in the latest set of data. So that tells you that we're not only growing the market very rapidly, but we're continuing to compete quite effectively against the alternatives that are out there.
So I'm not overly concerned about what I see on the horizon. I think we have the opportunity to build the market even larger with some of the next-generation toxins that we're working on when we bring those to the marketplace. So I feel good about our position in toxins and in fillers as we move forward.

This is Rick. So I'll cover the first one, and then I'm going to have Jeff cover the Ubrelvy question that you've asked. So it's a good question. Obviously, the hem/onc market, in the areas that we participate in, in particular, I would say, CLL, has changed over the last several years. I think one of the -- certainly, one of the things that was not ever anticipated in that guidance was the impact that COVID would have on the market and the reduction that we saw in the number of new patients, which was quite sizable and obviously wasn't contemplated in it. And the second thing is we are seeing certainly more competitive pressure, both from price and some volume, than we anticipated in that time frame.
Having said all of that and -- well, I'd say a third item is, certainly, Venclexta is performing well as well. And I'd say it's tended to exceed some of our expectations, at least at this point, within the launch trajectory of the brand. So all of those have factors in what we're describing here.
I'd also say we have done a nice job of building out our hem/onc portfolio from an R&D standpoint. When I look at some of those assets that I described in my opening comments, I think they're going to have a very significant opportunity. As an example, one that I didn't mention there would be Venclexta and the t(11;14) multiple myeloma population. That could be a very significant opportunity. We feel good about that. We should get a readout on that. And we think that could be a significant contributor to both improvement in patient therapy, but also a significant improvement in the overall revenue in the franchise. And then you have things like navitoclax and epcoritamab and 383, those are all significant opportunities to be able to drive growth. So I still feel confident in the overall ability for us to grow our hem/onc franchise.
Having said that, I would say Imbruvica is under more pressure than we anticipated when we put that guidance out. At that point, we didn't even contemplate follow-on BTKs in any meaningful way. But we do see more competitive pressure there. But overall, I'd say I still feel very confident in our ability to be able to grow that, that it will be a growth franchise for the company over the long term.

This is Rick. Maybe Rob and I will tag team your first question, and then Michael will cover your second question. I think if I look at 2022 and I look at our overall performance coming off of a strong year in 2021, it's pretty impressive performance. When I look at the EPS growth, certainly, do we have an opportunity to drive it harder? I can tell you, every year, we endeavor to drive it as hard as we can drive it. And when I look at all of the businesses individually and I look at their ability to be able to perform, I'm extremely confident in the trajectory that we have going forward.
Specifically, we're assuming, as an example, in HCV -- that there's still a COVID impact in HCV. So I wouldn't say the pandemic is completely gone in 2022. And -- but I'd say overall, the brands are performing well. We're investing in the business to ensure that we continue to be able to drive long-term performance. And so certainly, that obviously drives some expectations around what the EPS growth will be year-over-year. I don't know, Rob, anything you'd like to add?

Okay. Tim, this is Rick. I'll cover your first question. Mike can address the second one. We certainly are in a position now to be able to commit that we would give earnings guidance in the third quarter. I think clearly, we'll be able to give a better feel for what that erosion curve looks like. And could that ultimately end up being at least a pretty good perspective for us to be able to build off of what earnings guidance would look like? It might. I think if we're in a position where we can confidently provide that guidance, we would provide it.
But I certainly think we'll be in a position where we have very good visibility as to what that erosion curve will look like. And at that point, we can tighten it a bit and be able to provide a higher level of specificity. We understand it's an important issue for investors.
As far as EPS is concerned, in 2023 -- we have said that we expect EPS to decline in 2023. So I don't think any investor is -- that would be a surprise to any investor. But obviously, it's important for us to be able to frame it as accurately as we can for the investment community and be able to provide direction around that. And at the point at which we think we can do that in a reliable way, we're committed to be able to do that.
So let's see how it plays out. And certainly, as we get to the third quarter call, that would be the position at -- the point at which, I think, we'd be in a position to be able to provide more clarity. Mike?

Gary, it's a good question on Omicron in aesthetics because it is something we track very carefully in every major geography around the world as well as by state here in the United States. And I will tell you that, at least as far as the U.S. is concerned, there has not been much of an impact on aesthetic volume, unlike what we saw when there was an actual shutdown. And obviously, you would think shutdown, you're going to see the volume go down. But I'd say here, we're seeing very little impact on the volume. So we have factored in that we don't expect a major disruption going forward. And I think the data would clearly support that, that's a reasonable position to take.
And as far as the business overall, I mean, I can tell you, we're very pleased with how the business is performing. I think that group is executing at a very high level. And certainly, the resourcing and the dedicated structure that we put in place, I think, are helping a lot in major geographies like the U.S. and China.
We're obviously comfortable with the guide that we provided. It is an area that we're going to continue to invest in and continue to drive. And I think it's a market that, I think, is extremely attractive. And it's going to require both us to continue to execute and invest in it appropriately to grow the market, but also to build out more assets that meet patients' needs to be able to expand the market. And so we've almost doubled the R&D investment that we have in aesthetics since we took it over.
And we have a number of programs that, I think, are very exciting programs. Some of the biostimulatory and regenerative fillers that we're working on now, I think, could be exciting opportunities like tropoelastin. To be able to stimulate tropoelastin in patients using fillers is an exciting program that continues to advance. And so it's going to require both. It's something that we're absolutely committed to continue to drive. And I think this can be -- as we indicated in our comments, I think this can be a strong business for AbbVie over the long term. Jeff, do you want to cover QULIPTA?

Rob?

And maybe Mike and I will tag team #2. I mean, certainly, as we -- you've seen us pay down debt at a very significant pace. We're continuing to commit to pay down significant debt this year. And we'll certainly be in a position where we could do larger opportunities, if that was something that we desired and we thought it was the right kind of opportunity, as we move forward in '23 and '24. Certainly, the $2 billion that we've allocated has been sufficient to be able to cover the things that we're looking for. Mike has responsibility for business development so I think he's probably a little closer to the valuation question. Mike?

So on the biostimulatory fillers, I think the way to think about it, there are multiple programs, but I'll talk about 2 areas specifically. Certainly, one of the areas that you want to be able to look at is your ability to be able to stimulate collagen so that your own body can produce collagen to be able to provide support and filling in a specific area that you desire. And there are some products on the market today that provide that.
One of the negatives of those products is you don't get the immediate filling effect that you normally get with a filler, where you get physical filling immediately upon the procedure. You get a little bit of swelling that occurs. So for a very short period of time, you will get what looks to be filling, but then that swelling goes down. And then for a period of time, the patient has to wait in order for them to get the collagen impact, and that takes a significant period of time.
So we have a technology in-house that we acquired and we're further developing that combines both physical filling and collagen stimulation in one product. So you get the immediate filling effect of a normal filler. And then as that starts to resolve over time, you get the collagen impact that's building over that same period of time to provide long-term filling. So I would say that most of these technologies that we're working on are market expansion opportunities. So that's one example.
The second example would be one of the areas that is important for patients is what we describe as skin quality, the smoothness of your skin essentially. And one of the things that provides smoothness of your skin is the elasticity of the skin. So tropoelastin is an example of a product that we have in development that will allow the body to be able to produce more elastin.
So you can inject this product and it will provide, we believe, we have to prove this in the clinical studies, that would provide not only some level -- not a dramatic level of filling but an ability to be able to provide elastin formation along those areas and be able to smooth the skin out. That would clearly be a market expansion opportunity today. There really aren't fillers that do that. They can stretch the skin with the physical filling, but they don't really provide smoothing of the skin. And so those are 2 examples of what we're working on.

And so on Vuity, you're right, we didn't comment on it on this meeting. We typically wouldn't comment on a product that's of this size. And I mean it's a very interesting product. I think it clearly has a unique fit in the market. I'll have -- I'll let Jeff talk a little bit about the total available market, what we see as far as the size of that market going forward. But the reason we didn't highlight it is, like I said, if we look at what we think peak sales will be here, it's not a product of the magnitude that we would typically highlight.

I think the big assumption that you have to look at here is what is the utilization per month that a patient would actually use it for. I mean, as an example, I keep bugging the guys that I have to go get a prescription for it. Now what do I want it for? When I go to a restaurant, I have trouble reading in low light. So I'll use it for that purpose. And so it's very difficult to come up with the frequency at which it will be used. If it's used at a high frequency, it will obviously be a bigger product. If it's used at a relatively low frequency, it will be a smaller product. So we'll have to see how it plays out.