Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 performance as well as our 2020 expectations for AbbVie on a stand-alone basis. We will provide combined AbbVie and Allergan guidance after the close of the planned transaction. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D programs. And Rob will discuss last year's performance and our 2020 guidance in more detail. Following our remarks, we will take your questions. 
We delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Our adjusted EPS of $2.21 represents growth of more than 16% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Total adjusted operational sales growth of 5.3% was also ahead of our expectations for the quarter driven by continued strong performance in both immunology and hematological oncology. 
Our performance this quarter tops off another strong year for AbbVie. For the full year 2019, we delivered adjusted earnings per share growth of 13%. We have driven strong commercial, operational and R&D execution, which has allowed us to substantially grow through the impact of international biosimilar competition. 
We saw excellent performance in our hematological oncology business, which drove operational growth of more than 39% in the year. We have built a substantial franchise with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA, which combined nearly $5.5 billion in combined revenue with strong double-digit growth expected once again in 2020. IMBRUVICA remains the clear market share leader across all lines of therapy in CLL. With the largest body of clinical evidence, a robust survival benefit and the highest category rating in treatment guidelines today, we remain confident that IMBRUVICA will be a significant growth contributor for many years to come. VENCLEXTA will also contribute substantially to our growth in 2020 with continued share expansion expected in both the broad relapsed/refractory and frontline CLL segments as well as continued penetration in frontline AML. 
In our immunology business, the launches of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are going exceptionally well. Both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ have demonstrated strong differentiated efficacy in their initial indications, and we are making considerable progress to expand their uses in several additional immune-mediated diseases. 
SKYRIZI is already having an impact on AbbVie's growth with sales of approximately $215 million in the fourth quarter, which already equates to an annualized run rate approaching $900 million. And we expect robust growth in 2020. The launch execution has been nothing short of exceptional. In a very short time frame, SKYRIZI has established the leading in-play psoriasis patient share, which includes both new and switching patients, at roughly 25%. SKYRIZI is redefining the standard for efficacy and safety in the psoriasis market where it has not only demonstrated superiority to HUMIRA, the gold standard of care, but also outperformed other novel agents, including COSENTYX. SKYRIZI's commercial access is now at parity to HUMIRA and above 95%. 
While still early in the launch, we're also seeing robust demand trends for RINVOQ, which is performing well ahead of comparable analogs in the RA segment. In the first full quarter RINVOQ was on the market, we estimate more than 7,600 prescriptions were filled, including both paid prescriptions and those who received RINVOQ through our bridge access program. Based on this level of prescription volume, RINVOQ is currently capturing approximately 9% of in-play RA patients and has surpassed the in-play share for several other established brands. The cannibalization of HUMIRA market share in this segment remains very low thus far. Feedback from prescribing physicians has been very positive. And the strong benefit/risk profile RINVOQ has demonstrated across our registrational trials has supported very rapid and broad formulary coverage for RINVOQ. Commercial access for RINVOQ is now at more than 95%, and we expect paid prescription volume to increase significantly throughout 2020 as a result. 
HUMIRA in the U.S. continues to generate strong revenue, driving more than $1 billion of growth in 2019 and will remain a significant contributor to growth again in 2020. The international HUMIRA dynamics remain consistent with our expectations with 2019 revenues down roughly 28% on an operational basis. 
Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the performance and the outlook for our immunology franchise. We had previously commented that SKYRIZI and RINVOQ would deliver more than $1 billion of revenue combined in 2020. Our 2020 guidance now contemplates that these 2 products will contribute approximately $1.7 billion in revenue together this year. 
Since our inception, we have focused on building a robust pipeline and added growth platforms that will allow AbbVie to absorb the eventual impact of biosimilar competition in the U.S. and maintain a strong and growing business. We continue to make excellent progress against that objective. As I just highlighted, the better-than-expected launch trajectories of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and the continued strong performance of our hematological oncology franchise has further increased our level of confidence that these platforms will drive significant growth over the long term. 
Our R&D productivity over the past 7 years has resulted in numerous new products, which collectively contributed approximately $9 billion in revenue in 2019. And our R&D pipeline continues to develop nicely with multiple programs well underway to expand the breadth of indications for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ as well as the advancement of a significant number of early- and mid-stage programs, 6 of which will have proof-of-concept data readouts in 2020. 
AbbVie's R&D pipeline has been phase-gated from the time we launched as an independent company back in 2013. Our initial priority was to develop next-generation assets that would be superior to HUMIRA and other competitive alternatives within our key immunology disease areas. And as you have seen, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ have demonstrated that type of performance across multiple clinical trials. Their successful launch trajectories demonstrate the value of these assets in 2 very large segments of immunology, which combined represent approximately 40% of U.S. HUMIRA revenues today. We continue to rapidly progress the development of these assets in the remaining key HUMIRA disease areas as well as new indications such as atopic dermatitis. 
Our second priority was to build our hematological oncology franchise into a major growth engine for the company. IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA have become roughly a $5.5 billion franchise and growing rapidly. And we continue to expand these medicines into important new disease areas, such as multiple myeloma with VENCLEXTA in the t(11;14) biomarker-defined patient population; and combination therapy with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA, which have the potential to provide even deeper and more durable responses. 
The third priority was the development of a robust early- and mid-stage pipeline, which now has nearly 40 clinical programs ongoing, including novel new mechanisms developed by AbbVie scientists as well as assets we are advancing across our many collaborations, such as Calico. The most advanced programs in our mid- to late-stage pipeline, which we expect to be approved by 2022, include navitoclax for myelofibrosis, ABBV-951 for the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease and veliparib for the treatment of ovarian cancer and BRCA breast cancer. These approvals are on top of the numerous new opportunities expected for RINVOQ, SKYRIZI and VENCLEXTA. Over the same period of time, we anticipate approximately 30 proof-of-concept readouts from novel programs in our early-stage pipeline, which Mike will discuss momentarily. It is truly an exciting time for AbbVie science. 
Another exciting aspect of our business is the planned acquisition of Allergan, which has significant strategic and financial merit. Allergan will provide AbbVie with highly valuable on-market assets with leadership positions across additional attractive growth segments, including new growth platforms in aesthetics and CNS/neuroscience. The acquisition will further diversify AbbVie's revenue and payer mix and immediately accelerates the stand-alone scale of our non-HUMIRA business, the AbbVie growth platform, which is expected to drive high single-digit annual growth revenue over the next decade and beyond. 
The proposed acquisition is proceeding well. We recently received conditional approval from the European Commission. The FTC review continues to advance following the divestiture announcements of both ZENPEP and Allergan's IL-23. And we have completed the integration planning process, including confirmation of our synergy objectives. We remain on track for closing the Allergan transaction as expected in the first quarter of 2020. 
We've entered 2020 with very strong momentum, and we're committed to delivering strong results, which is reflected in our guidance. We expect full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share of $9.61 to $9.71, representing growth of 8.1% at the midpoint. As I mentioned earlier, this guidance reflects AbbVie on a stand-alone basis. We will provide pro forma guidance for 2020 following the close of the Allergan transaction. 
So in summary, as you can see from our 2019 results and our 2020 guidance, the performance of AbbVie's business remains very strong. Net performance, combined with a late-stage pipeline, which includes more than 20 new medicines in major new disease indications as well as a robust early-stage pipeline, gives us significant confidence in the future outlook of our company. The AbbVie business will be even stronger and more diverse with the Allergan transaction. We look forward to another successful year and to welcoming our Allergan colleagues to the new AbbVie in the near future. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Geoff, I think you've obviously seen the stand-alone AbbVie performance, and we're coming off of another very good year. And our projection and our guidance obviously is projected from a stand-alone basis, another strong year for the company. And I think in particular, we're very impressed with what we're seeing out of our immunology franchise and what we're seeing out of our hem/onc franchise. And so we feel good. 
We've been watching the Allergan performance. They have reported 2 quarters that we've seen. They'll be reporting another quarter here soon, probably sometime early next week. And I would say, at least for the 2 that have been reported, overall, the business is tracking, I'd say, slightly ahead of what our deal model had projected. As I mentioned, I think, a number of times, the deal model that we put together was a fairly conservative deal model. So that's not too surprising. But I think as you look at key products that are -- critical products for their business, they're all performing in line or ahead of what our projections were. 
As it relates to the synergies, as I mentioned in my formal comments, we have gone through all of the integration planning process with Allergan. Part of that process is to validate the synergies. And so we're comfortable that the synergy target that we had communicated, which was $2 billion or greater than $2 billion, is an achievable number. Obviously, any time you do a transaction like this, you're trying to maximize the synergies and obviously maintain the business to perform at the level that you would expect it to perform. So I feel good about the synergy projections. We'll provide final gating for those projections when we do the combined pro forma guidance. And -- but I feel good about the overall target over the first 3 years meeting or exceeding what we had projected. The timing close, everything is progressing as we had planned. And we still anticipate that we will see closure by the end of the first quarter. 
The other thing I'd say is, as we step back and we look at what were we trying to accomplish with the Allergan transaction, it was basically to try to build a business that ultimately would be even stronger than the AbbVie business over the long term. And I think one of the things -- as investors start to think about the business, it's important to sort of put that in perspective. We want a business that's more diversified both from a revenue standpoint as well as a payer mix standpoint. We want a business that has durable positions. This business, the combined business will have durable growth positions in 8 different franchises and be able to drive strong growth. There'll be 4 franchises for the new company that will be the major growth franchises for us. Obviously, immunology, hematological oncology, medical aesthetics and CNS/neuro will be the 4 franchises. 
This is a business that will have excellent payer diversity and payer mix. If you look at it as a percent of the global revenues, Medicare Part B will be about 2%, Medicare Part D will be about 16%, Medicaid will be about 3%, and cash pay will be about 10%. So nice balance and security along the payer base. It will be a business that's driven by volume, not by price. And so that's important. It will be a company that has a strong, growing dividend that's underpinned by tremendous cash flow, which provides security to deliver a growing dividend over the long term and through the loss of exclusivity in 2023 in the U.S. 
It will also have a number of recently launched products and growth products. In fact, there'll be 6 of them if you think about it. You look at SKYRIZI, RINVOQ, VENCLEXTA, IMBRUVICA, those all have significant growth opportunities ahead of them on the AbbVie side. And then you look at the Allergan side, you have VRAYLAR. This is a product that has a -- it's about an $850 million product. I think the last numbers I saw showed it was growing about 70%. And you have their recently launched oral CGRP that we haven't seen any data on yet as far as their revenue performance because they just launched it, but I think that will be an important product over the long term. So -- and then that's underpinned by our late-stage pipeline that has 20 new drugs in new major indications and an early-stage pipeline that Mike outlined in his remarks. That's a pretty impressive profile of a company in our industry, and that's the kind of company we were trying to build by combining these 2 companies together. 
So I think that's how we think about it.

Well, I mean if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, obviously, they're off to a very strong start. When you look at the $10 billion guidance that we had, that still had some level of risk adjustment for the follow-on indications associated with it. And obviously, as we move along, then those risk adjustments will come down. Probability of success will go up. So by definition, by the way we look at things, you would expect SKYRIZI and RINVOQ to be able to exceed that level of performance assuming all those follow-on indications perform at the level that we would expect. And everything that we know would clearly indicate that, that is the case. We're not in a position where we're going to up the guidance. 
Now in any complicated business like ours, on the $37 billion, obviously there are things like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ that are ultimately performing better. Certainly, when you look at our hematological oncology business, that's performing at a level that we would expect to deliver at least what we had expected back in that point in time, probably a little bit higher. Now you also have puts and takes, right? International biosimilars were more aggressive than we had anticipated. But net-net, I think we're comfortable with that level of performance, and more importantly, we're comfortable with being able to deliver the kind of earnings that we would expect. And so I think we feel very good about how the company is performing and our ability to deliver on those long-term expectations. 
The other thing I'd say is, as you look at the biosim, obviously, biosimilars are an important aspect of our particular business. And we're now at a point where we're basically lapping the first year of biosimilar experience in the international markets. And it gives us the ability to be able to look back and say, did our strategy work that we had put in place? And I think we've obviously been able to learn from what that strategy has been able to do. In general, I would tell you that I'm feeling pretty good about how the strategy played out. 
On the aggressive side, obviously the biosimilar competitors, before they entered the market, priced more aggressively than we had seen with the analogs. And so the shape of the curve was different, which we've talked about a number of different times. Having said that, our strategy was to make sure that we could maintain as much share as possible of HUMIRA and maintain it as profitable as possible. And we can now step back and look at what does that look like. Well, what it basically looks like is we have maintained about 2/3 of the volume. If you look specifically at the countries that went biosimilar and you look at what the erosion level is in those countries, it's about 44%, 45% within those countries. So what that means is we've obviously maintained a tail of about 55% of the HUMIRA volume, which is a pretty -- the HUMIRA revenue, which is a pretty significant tail when you think about a product of the size of HUMIRA. 
So I think overall, we feel good about how our strategy played out despite the fact that the biosimilar players were more aggressive. I think as we look at the U.S., there are some things that we can translate out of that experience. And it gives us some feel for how the U.S. will evolve as we enter that biosimilar phase in 2023. Obviously, we have products like RINVOQ and SKYRIZI that are growing rapidly. We have a number of years to be able to drive that. And we're making very good progress on the follow-on indications. And therefore, we should have a broad set of indications -- approved indications for those assets, which should drive very significant growth leading into that LOE event. 
The strategy that we'll put in place is the exact same strategy that we did in the international markets. Our goal is to maintain as much share as we can in as profitable of a way as we can. There is no market exactly like the U.S. market outside the U.S. But what I would say is, we would expect it to be competitive like the international markets. We'll have more competitors entering the U.S. market. So I think the shape of the curve will be similar to what we saw in the international markets. 
But I'd say as far as our ability to maintain share, we certainly, in the U.S., have at least the same competitive position that we have in the international markets, and in all likelihood, we have a stronger competitive position in the U.S. market. So I would say we would expect to fare at least as well or better from the standpoint of maintaining that tail over time. And so we're feeling better about where we stand, both the progress that we're making against the assets that will allow us to be able to drive growth over the long term and the experience we're getting with dealing with biosimilar competition in these markets.

Okay. So on the first question, this is Rick, average duration of therapy. Obviously, SKYRIZI is a quarterly dose product as a loading dose that occurs in the first phase. So we don't have a tremendous amount of experience yet. But I'd say the experience that we have thus far is consistent with what our original launch assumptions would be, and that is that the duration of therapy would be very high at HUMIRA levels or above. Obviously, it's more convenient to have quarterly dosing. And so we're not seeing anything there that is different than what we would have anticipated, albeit it's early on, right? 
As far as RINVOQ in the fourth quarter, I'd say RINVOQ is tracking well. It's continuing to gain in-play share. Now it didn't get its significant uptick in market access until January. There was a fairly significant jump from December to January. So there was still a fair amount of prescriptions that were being driven through the -- our access program where we provide patients -- if they don't have access, we provide them with free product through our bridge program. But now as I mentioned, we're over 95%. And our policy is, once we've achieved access in an account, we no longer allow bridge access for those products. In other words, from a compliance standpoint. And so you should start to see those paid prescriptions ramping in line with what we would expect the access to be. SKYRIZI has very similar kinds of access. 
As far as the channel mix is concerned, I'm going to have Rob cover that.

The only other thing I'd mention is the one thing that is very encouraging to us is, if you take SKYRIZI, about half, 49% of the patients are naïve patients, and the other 51% are obviously second-line and beyond. If we look at RINVOQ, it's about 40%, 38%, 39% are naïve patients, which, at this phase of the launch, is higher than what we had originally modeled, and the remaining are second-line and beyond. 
The other thing I'd say is we obviously track how we're doing against various competitors. It's now -- RINVOQ now has an in-play share that's the equivalent of about 70% of XELJANZ and obviously growing at a pretty rapid pace. And so I think that's an encouraging sign as well.

Okay. On the pro forma guidance, we haven't made a final decision. Obviously, we'll be providing for calendar year '20. We haven't made a decision whether we'll go out any further than that. So I'd say that's a decision that we'll make as we get closer to the close and ultimately announcing what the combined guidance is. 
Mike, do you want to cover #2?

Okay. Vamil, this is Rick. So I'll take the first question, and then Rob will cover the second question for you. We're obviously not in a position where we're going to give 2023 guidance at this point. What I was referring to is if you look at consensus today, what it shows for HUMIRA is that it basically is a stairstep down over the course of 3 or 4 years. I would say our experience in the international markets, by the way multiple biosimilar competitors coming into the market simultaneously, created a sharper decline, a deeper decline in year 1, and then it's pretty much stabilized at that level. Might be some slight erosion after that but relatively minor or moderate after that. When I describe the shape of the curve, I think that's a more reasonable shape of a curve that we would expect in the U.S. market based on the fact that there'll be probably 7 competitors that enter the marketplace in 2023. 
So as far as growth, it is our obvious objective to make sure that we're in a position that we can grow over the long term. That's an important objective for us. It's certainly an objective that we have been able to deliver on throughout our history as a company, and it's an important objective for us. Now that doesn't mean that in 2023, there couldn't be some step-down in 2023 and then return quickly to growth thereafter. But ultimately, as we get closer, I think we can provide more accurate guidance. 
But I have a high level of confidence that we are building an engine that will allow us to be able to grow through it over a long period of time -- over the longer period of time. Allergan plays an important part of making sure that we can maintain the investment profile that we want to maintain in R&D and SG&A to make sure we have the levels of cash flow to continue to support the dividend and grow the dividend. It plays a very important role in a number of aspects of how we manage the business over the long term. 
Mike -- or I'm sorry, Rob?

Yes. I mean every company in our industry, for the most part, has some level of legacy products. We do as well as others. I think many people want to divest those products typically not because those products aren't profitable and provide significant earnings but because they depress their overall growth if they're too large as it relates to their overall base of business. I would say, as we look at our profile and our ability to be able to grow, we don't believe that that's a significant issue for us. That doesn't mean that at some point in the future, we might not reevaluate if we thought that was in the best interest of the company overall. But I'd say that's not something that we have any plans for at this point in time. 
ORILISSA, the point you raised is an accurate point. The challenge that we've had with ORILISSA in endometriosis has been activation of those patients at the rate that we would have expected. We have made some changes in the fourth quarter to our go-to-market strategy. We'll have to see how those play out. And also, we'll have the launch of the uterine fibroid indication in 2020. That's a different patient population. And so I think it will have a different activation profile. And -- but I think we have to see how endometriosis -- whether or not we get an inflection point here that's different than what we've seen thus far before we make any predictions about how we would change the long-term projections. We fundamentally believe this is a good drug. Everything we know about it says it's a good drug, and it ultimately fits an important need. But we're obviously going to have to change that activation curve to get to the level of expectation that we have had for that -- for the drug.

Sure. As far as VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA are concerned in the long-term guidance, we feel very comfortable with our long-term guidance for those 2 assets. If you look at this year for VENCLEXTA, it will be an important inflection year for VENCLEXTA. And we would expect it to continue to grow quite nicely over time. Obviously, the multiple myeloma and t(11;14) is a significant opportunity for VENCLEXTA. I think that represents roughly 20% of the myeloma patients, and myeloma is obviously a very big market. So we feel good about that. 
As far as the FTC is concerned, the way this process normally works is you bring in the players that you're considering to acquire a product, which we and Allergan did. And so the FTC has had an opportunity to interact with both of the players and give us feedback around those players. So I think you can conclude from that, that we wouldn't move forward with a player that the FTC told us they were uncomfortable with.

So Mike, why don't you cover 1 and 3, and then I'll come back and cover the Calquence question?

And then to your second question, as it relates to whether or not we'll see patients being moved off of IMBRUVICA and on to Calquence based on side-effect profiles, we don't believe that will be the case. I mean I think as Mike pointed out, when you look at the body of data around IMBRUVICA and particularly the survival benefit that we see with IMBRUVICA, physicians are reluctant to move a patient off of a drug that gives them the opportunity to be able to have that level of survival benefit to something that has less data to be able to support that. The guidelines reflect that as well. And most physicians know that when they have a side-effect profile that they're having difficulty managing through that they routinely -- prior to Calquence being on the market, what they would typically do is take the patient off of therapy for a short period of time until it resolves and then put them back on therapy. And many patients would ultimately be fine when they were put back on therapy. So moving to another non-differentiated product, we don't think will have a fundamental impact. 
We're obviously watching the share data. It's early on because the latest share data that we have is still November. And as you know, they were approved in November. Now they were on guidelines for most of 2019 in CLL, but the share is very low. They have about 1% share in first-line, 2% share in second-line, about 6% share in third-line, but most of those patients in third-line, about half of them are BTK failures, IMBRUVICA failures. So thus far, we don't see anything that would suggest that it's having a significant negative impact on our performance.

Yes. So David, this is Rick for your first question. Yes, I think the difference between REMICADE and Enbrel as well actually and the experience that we had with HUMIRA was, in most of those cases, only 1 or 2 competitors came in at a time. And so what you're seeing is essentially the way we had originally modeled HUMIRA was that at year 3, we would get to the levels that we're at now because it would stairstep down, but I think what we learned in that process is when 4 competitors entered the market at one time that the competitive dynamics between them to try to get share created an environment where they became far more aggressive early on. 
So I don't think the curve will look as -- it won't look as if the same as REMICADE. Now that doesn't mean that over time, we won't see some moderate continued erosion. But it's -- for a business of our size and with the growth prospects of our business, that's not something that would inhibit our ability to be able to grow. I think you can see, we grew through -- we ultimately had positive revenue growth in 2019 despite the fact that we had a very significant portion of our international business go biosimilar in 2019. 
The second question is part of the activity that we're working on now to try to drive activation at a faster rate in women on ORILISSA, that is one component. I wouldn't say it's the most significant component, but it is one component: to better educate women on what this therapy is all about, what the side-effect profile of this therapy really looks like, the safety profile of it; and make sure that we do that in a way that it's easily accessible for women in that age group, meaning it has a social media aspect to it that allows them to be able to access accurate information about ORILISSA and the benefits of it and the appropriate use of it. And so that is part of the changes that we made in the fourth quarter. And we're just going to have to see how those changes -- the impact those changes have over time.