Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our first quarter performance and outlook. And then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. We're off to an excellent start this year, delivering strong top and bottom line first quarter performance. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.14. 
Total adjusted net revenues of $12.9 billion was up 5.2% on a comparable operational basis, nearly $250 million ahead of our expectations. These results include strong performance across each of our core therapeutic areas, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, neuroscience and aesthetics as well as high single-digit operational growth from hematological oncology.
Additionally, we continue to see robust sales from our key and newly launched products. Skyrizi and Rinvoq contributed nearly $900 million in combined revenues this quarter, more than double the sales versus the prior year as both products continue to ramp in their initial indications. Imbruvica and Venclexta delivered combined sales of approximately $1.7 billion, reflecting continued leadership in CLL and other hematological malignancies. Vraylar, which remains one of the fastest-growing medicines in psychiatry, delivered more than 20% comparable operational growth. Ubrelvy, the leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, generated revenue growth of approximately 25% on a sequential basis. And within our leading aesthetics portfolio, which is performing well above pre-COVID levels, Botox Cosmetics and Juvederm are demonstrating robust performance. Both of these brands grew more than 40% on a comparable operational basis. 
The integration of Allergan also continues to go very well. As illustrated by our balanced results this quarter, we are clearly demonstrating that we have created a stronger and much more diverse company with the scale and flexibility to fully invest in the business for long-term growth. While the pandemic has categorically impacted our day-to-day lives, we are encouraged by the latest recovery trends. We see market growth and new patient activity increasing overall, especially in March, although certain markets continue to remain below pre-COVID levels, including CLL and HCV in particular. 
We expect the increasing vaccinations globally will continue to support a full recovery across our therapeutic areas as we progress through the remainder of this year. Based on a robust performance this quarter and the continued strong outlook for our business, we are raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance. And we now expect adjusted earnings per share between $12.37 and $12.57, reflecting growth of more than 18% at the midpoint. 
I'm also extremely pleased with our R&D prospects, including the number and potential of the opportunities, especially within our late-stage pipeline. We're on the cusp of the potential commercial approval of more than a dozen new products or indications over the next 2 years, including 5 total expected approvals in 2021. This includes atogepant, a novel oral CGRP for episodic migraine, adding to our already attractive migraine portfolio; a new eye drop with the treatment of presbyopia; as well as expanded indications for Rinvoq in psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and atopic dermatitis. 
And we expect more than half a dozen new product or indication launches in 2022, including navitoclax for myelofibrosis, ABBV-951 for advanced Parkinson's disease, Skyrizi for psoriatic arthritis and Crohn's disease, Rinvoq for ulcerative colitis, Vraylar for major depressive disorder, and additional indications for Imbruvica and Venclexta. With these collective new growth opportunities and the continued momentum of our underlying portfolio, our long-term outlook remains very strong. 
In closing, our focus remains on strong commercial and operational execution as well as pipeline advancement. I'm pleased with the financial results for the quarter and the overall pace of the recovery across our portfolio. We're off to another excellent start in 2021. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

So Chris, this is Rick. I'll cover the aesthetics one for you, as Mike said. I think if you look at the underlying performance of the Aesthetics business, in particular, the market growth in the U.S. and in China, it's driving the fundamental growth that we see to the business. Certainly, there is some impact still from COVID. So we're seeing some impact there. But I think the majority of it is, when we took over Allergan, we made a decision to really invest in promotion at a much higher level than they were investing in it prior. And they had an approach that was more of an episodic investment approach, where we have basically made a decision that we'll fund across the entire year at a relatively significant level to drive demand because the data clearly supports that you can grow this market. And I think the best comparisons are starting to look at what it looked like versus 2019 because you obviously have the COVID impact in 2020.
But you take, for example, Botox, Botox versus 2019, cosmetic Botox versus 2019, it's up about 27%. The market is growing very robustly. Some of that is probably COVID driven. These are U.S. numbers I'm describing right now. Some of that is probably COVID driven. But I wouldn't say a lot of it at this point is COVID driven in the U.S. China continues to grow very well. In fact, I'd say China is back to the level of growth. And we have expanded the sales force in China once about 4 or 5 months ago. We're in the process now of going through a second expansion in China. I would expect that China will continue to drive significant growth going forward.
The one area that still is being impacted in a fairly significant way from COVID is the European market. We still see it starting -- we see it starting to emerge in areas like the U.K. but there are other areas in Europe that are still in lockdown. I would expect that Europe and Brazil as well will hopefully start to see some recovery as we get into the second half of this year and they can start to contribute, which would add additional growth to the overall business. But I would tell you, I'm very pleased with the decisions we've made around driving more promotion, and I'm pleased with the execution of this team. This team has done extremely well in executing and driving the kind of share position that we want and the growth that we want. But I think it is sustainable going forward.

On the neuroscience portfolio, it is an area that we're very excited about. So maybe Jeff and I will tag team here. But I think when you look at the 2 major growth franchises there, being the migraine franchise and the antipsychotic franchise with Vraylar, both of those, we think, have significant opportunity to continue to grow. I mean you're obviously seeing Ubrelvy now perform extremely well in the marketplace. I think Jeff can give you probably a little more color on that. And Vraylar is continuing to perform very well as well. I think if we are able to achieve one positive study on MDD, I think that will give us significant growth going forward. So this is a franchise that we're excited about. I think it will be a meaningful franchise for us over the long term. It's an area where we continue to look at assets that we could potentially add to it. And I think it will be a nice growth driver for us. Jeff?

On the JAK, we've obviously evaluated carefully the positioning of the product. I think if we look at where we are today, one, we're confident in the high dose that had a good benefit-risk profile. But I wouldn't tell you we would change our guidance going forward. The assumptions we have made in areas like atopic dermatitis, we believe we could get to those assumptions without the high dose. That doesn't mean that we don't want the high dose, but at the end of the day, I believe we will maintain the guidance that we have based on that.

Andrew, this is Rick. I mean I'll obviously comment maybe on your point of view around the antitrust discussions. Clearly, I've accepted the invitation to be able to testify to the committee on May 18. We certainly feel absolutely comfortable and confident in the way we operate in this market. It's a highly competitive market where Humira competes. And certainly, as we look at the patents that were issued for Humira, they went through a rigorous process in order to be issued. They represent true innovation to the product. They were challenged by competitors, just like every competitor has a right to challenge a patent if they don't believe it's valid or appropriate, and those patents were challenged and the vast majority of those patents survive that challenge.
And what I'd say is, when we look at our behavior in this market, I think our behavior was absolutely pro-competitive. We have patents that went all the way out to 2034 in that portfolio. And yet, we chose to license every single biosimilar player in 2023, literally 11 years before the last patent would have expired. So I feel highly confident in the position that we have taken in this marketplace that we have operated totally appropriately. And then your next question on Rinvoq -- I'm sorry. I was thinking about the first one. So can you repeat your question?

So Tim, this is Rick. I'll cover the OUS austerity measures. I mean certainly, if we go back to 2008, we saw that kind of an impact. So as we're building out our long-range plan, we have made some sets of assumptions around that. I would expect that we will see some pressure outside the U.S. going forward over the next couple of years. It's certainly manageable within the expectations that we have built for the business going forward. Certainly, based on that level of experience that we've seen historically, it's manageable. So it is something that we have contemplated, and I would frankly expect to see some level of pressure going forward.

And on your second question, this is Rick. We get data on new patients starts. So we have relatively, I think, accurate data. It's offset by a couple of months. I'll have Jeff and maybe talk about it in a little more detail. So we know any CLL patient, when they start, regardless of therapy, we can measure that. And obviously, we can measure again what type of therapy they start on. So I think the level of data integrity that we operate with from a market standpoint here is pretty good. It's offset by a few months. Maybe Jeff can speak to the time offset that exists.

So this is Rick. I'll cover the tax. I mean, as you said, it's certainly early in the process, and we obviously know what's being proposed, but we don't necessarily know where we will end up. I think one of the important things that we need to continue to think through is, if we go back to -- one of the reasons why back in 2017 tax reform was passed was to make sure that 2 things happen: one, that U.S.-based companies were competitive to their foreign competitors; and two, it encouraged companies like ours to invest in the United States. And I can certainly talk about the AbbVie example. I mean I think it's pretty compelling when you sit back and look at we were able to go out and acquire an Irish company, redomicile it back to the United States. AbbVie today has 24,000 jobs in the United States.
We've also increased investments significantly in the U.S. since tax reform. The last 3 years, we've invested $1.5 billion. We committed that we would do $2.5 billion over time. We're going to exceed that commitment. We've added about 1,500 jobs over that period of time. So companies like ours clearly took the benefit of tax reform, and that has allowed us to be able to be more competitive, and certainly in the acquisition of a company like Allergan. I think that was clearly demonstrated, but we also have invested much more aggressively in the U.S.
So I think going forward, one of the things that's important for policymakers to balance is to make sure that we don't go back to where we were, and that is where U.S. companies aren't as competitive against their foreign competitors. The current proposal would make the U.S. have the highest rate of all developed countries. I'm not sure that's the position you'd want to be in. So hopefully, as we go forward, there'll be a balance that's looked at in raising taxes, but also making companies maintain a competitive position and continue to be incented to invest in the U.S.

This is Rick. I'll cover that and maybe Rob can tag team along here. I think if you look at our overall estimate of high single-digit growth on Aesthetics, it's not heavily reliant on a large number of new products. There will be new products that come in. They're probably closer towards the back end of the long-range plan. So they don't have a significant impact on that overall growth rate. So I think we fundamentally believe that the market dynamics are such and the brands are competitive, highly competitive in this market. If we have the ability to grow the market and continue to maintain our share position in that market, and that will allow us to be able to drive that level of growth or higher.

And then your second question, I would say, even before the Allergan acquisition, we constantly looked at our portfolio and determined whether or not there were areas of our business that we ultimately thought we were interested in divesting. I'd say that's a process that we go through on a fairly consistent basis to ensure that we're maximizing the value of the assets that we have within our portfolio. And so we will continue to do that. And when we find opportunities where we think that's the right strategy, then we'll execute against that strategy.

On your second question, this is Rick. I mean I think the way we approach the markets that we operate in is we look for areas where there are significant unmet need, and then we ultimately try to come up with solutions for those needs. Sometimes it's drug-only. In fact, I'd say, the majority of our historical experience as AbbVie has been it was drug-only. But as an example, 951 is a good example of where it's a combination product, right, a device and a drug. Certainly, as we look at ophthalmology, we have implantable devices that were part of the Allergan acquisition that are important therapeutic options that are available for physicians and patients. So I'd say we tend to go at it and we're certainly not opposed to devices being part of it if they can add to the ability to be able to provide for an advancement in standard of care.
In Aesthetics, as Rob indicated a moment ago, we're looking at what is that big third leg on the stool, and we believe that is body. And I would say, in the area of body, devices are going to play a much more critical role. And so that's an area where I think you'll see us embrace even device only kinds of strategies because they provide the right solution for that particular improvement. So it's an area that we, historically, many of us know well because of our experience, as you pointed out, in our previous life. But I'd say also the teams in the organization itself tend to look for broad-based solutions that can meet the unmet need.