Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 performance as well as our expectations for 2021. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our pipeline, and Rob will discuss the quarter and our 2021 guidance in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions.  
We delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.92, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.08. Fourth quarter total net revenues were up nearly 7% on a comparable operational basis. This performance was driven by robust double-digit sales growth from our immunology, hem/onc and neuroscience franchises as well as 9% comparable operational sales growth of BOTOX Cosmetics, which is demonstrating a rapid recovery.  
Our fourth quarter performance tops off another excellent and truly transformational year for AbbVie, which included the successful acquisition and integration of Allergan, creating a stronger and much more diverse AbbVie; with leadership across numerous attractive, high-growth markets; significant contributions from our 2 new best-in-category immunology medicines, RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which combined for more than $2.3 billion in 2020 sales, their first full year on the market. 
We expect the combined contribution from RINVOQ and SKYRIZI to nearly double in 2021 to approximately $4.6 billion, based on their continued strong uptake in RA and psoriasis as well as RINVOQ's anticipated approvals in PsA, ankylosing spondylitis, and atopic dermatitis later this year.  
We delivered continued robust growth from our leading hem/onc portfolio, with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA contributing more than $6.6 billion in combined 2020 sales. We expect our hem/onc franchise to grow double digits again in 2021. We also added 2 compelling oncology pipeline assets: epcoritamab, a potential best-in-class CD3xCD20 bispecific antibody in development for B-cell malignancies; and lemzoparlimab, an anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody being studied in multiple cancers. These 2 assets will further support the growth of our hem/onc franchise across our long-range plan.  
The acquisition of Allergan brought us a substantial neuroscience portfolio with compelling therapies for migraine and psychiatric conditions, augmenting our already existing neuro franchise. The newly combined neuroscience franchise delivered nearly $4.9 billion in comparable 2020 revenue and is expected to grow double digits in 2021. 
We also added the leading global Aesthetics franchise, a largely cash paid portfolio with roughly $3.5 billion in comparable 2020 revenues. As I've previously noted, this portfolio has demonstrated a rapid V-shaped recovery, and we view Aesthetics as an extremely attractive long-term growth opportunity. And importantly, we made excellent progress in 2020 with our pipeline. 
We expect our R&D pipeline advancements to lead to the approval of more than a dozen new products or indications over the next 2 years, including a total of 6 additional indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which will cover all of Humira's major indications plus new significant disease areas, including atopic dermatitis; expanded indications for Venclexta and Vraylar and several new product approvals, including atogepant, for episodic migraine, navitoclax for myelofibrosis and ABBV-951, a potentially transformative next-generation therapy for advanced Parkinson's disease. These new opportunities will collectively add meaningful revenue growth in advance of the U.S. Humira LoE.  
We've entered 2021 in a strong position, which is reflected in our revenue and earnings per share guidance. Based on the recent outperformance of our business, we expect full year 2021 comparable operational sales growth of approximately 9.4%, with total AbbVie sales expected to be approximately $1.7 billion above current consensus. And we anticipate 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $12.32 to $12.52, representing growth of 17.6% at the midpoint. This level of guidance represents impressive performance with nearly all aspects of our business expected to perform at or above current consensus for 2021.  
The Allergan integration continues to go very well. The transition has been seamless despite the size of the transaction and the timing of the COVID pandemic. While we're making excellent progress against our expense synergies, which Rob will cover in more detail here momentarily, it remains increasingly clear to us that there are significant opportunities for long-term revenue contributions across numerous Allergan growth platforms. 
As we recently disclosed, we believe UBRELVY, the first to market and leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity; atogepant, a potential once-daily oral treatment for the prevention of episodic and chronic migraine also represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. We expect Vraylar peak sales to approach $4 billion within its currently approved indications of schizophrenia, bipolar I disorder and bipolar depression. With major depressive disorder, or MDD, representing a potentially significant incremental growth opportunity. 
Aesthetics, which is poised to regain its growth trajectory this year, is expected to generate high single-digit revenue growth over the next decade. 
We continue to closely monitor the COVID dynamics, which will have an impact on our business again in 2021, predominantly in the first half of the year but significantly moderated from the 2020 impact. And despite the recent COVID resurgence within select geographies, we feel the global health care system is much better equipped with COVID treatment protocols and PPE to safely see and treat patients throughout the current year.  
That said, some therapeutic areas continue to be more impacted than others, like CLL, HCV, certain hospital-based procedures, among others, which we have contemplated in our 2021 guidance. 
Overall, we've been pleased with the rate of recovery across our business, a testament to our differentiated product profiles and our commercial execution. 
So in summary, we've assembled an impressive set of growth assets, and the outlook for AbbVie's business remains strong, with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI expected to contribute more than $15 billion in risk-adjusted sales by 2025, and our expectations for continued robust growth across hem/onc, neuroscience and Aesthetics. We have a high degree of confidence that we will be able to successfully absorb the Humira LoE impact in 2023 supporting an immediate return to total sales growth in 2024 and produce compelling high single-digit compounded annual total sales growth in 2025 through the remainder of the decade with the diversified portfolio and pipeline that we have today.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

So this is Rick. I think the bottom line is we've contemplated that. It's a good question, Geoff. But I think we have a strategy that will allow us to deal with that and impact the market in an appropriate way.

Yes, Vamil, this is Rick. Mike and I will cover the second question on Vraylar. It's important to recognize that what we've communicated in long-term guidance on Vraylar is based on the 3 currently approved indications. So it doesn't count on the fact that MDD would be successful. 
Now having said that, I think we do have, I'd say, we're cautiously optimistic about the MDD indication and I'll let Mark kind of walk through how we look at it and what gives us that level of confidence. But in the event, it weren't to play out, that doesn't impact the guidance that we gave.

The only thing I would add to Jeff's comments, I mean, if you look at RINVOQ, it did $731 million last year. Obviously, if you look at the running rate, so out of the fourth quarter, had a strong running rate coming out of the fourth quarter. But that's $1 billion worth of growth from '20 to '21. 
The majority of that growth is going to come from continued performance in RA. I think where you will see the most significant impact from atopic dermatitis will be as we flow into '22, much like as you saw what happened in the RA market. It takes time for physicians to start to adapt it. Once they do, their momentum picks up. So I don't remember the specific number, and I'm not sure we gave that guidance anyway. But I would be thinking about it more that it's continued penetration and growth in RA that's driving the bulk of that growth. 
Rob, anything you want to add?

And then, Randall, on your second question, I would say we absolutely agree with your point of view. I think eye care is a very attractive market. It's kinds of markets that I think we look for and that we -- the very best at is where there are specialized physicians who really drive the use of medications based on the clinical data and being able to restate markets and improve standard of care in those markets. And certainly, eye care, I think, fits that description. 
So we would have a strong appetite to look for opportunities, and we are looking for opportunities now. If we could add to that eye care business to be able to drive growth. Obviously, RESTASIS, as Rob indicated in his formal remarks, we've built in a half a year, that's still an unknown of when that product will go generic or if it will go generic. But I think even aside from that, regardless of what happens with RESTASIS, longer term, this is an area that we would have interest. And if we could find the right kind of assets to add to it, we would enthusiastically do that.

Chris, this is Rick. So I'll cover the Aesthetics question for you. I'd say as we've studied the Aesthetics market and had an opportunity to be able to operate the business now for some time, I think we're even more enthusiastic about the long-term ability to be able to grow this market. I would say some of the areas that were a bit of a surprise to us is the responsiveness of this market to patient activation. And I would say that the strategy that we've put in place is one where we are funding the business on a very -- on a continuous basis at a high level to achieve the level of activation that we're looking for. And we think that will -- certainly, you can see the response, like as an example, in BOTOX, already, we're seeing a very aggressive response and being able to grow the market. You saw the BOTOX grew -- BOTOX Cosmetics grew in the fourth quarter, 9%. I would expect that we can continue to drive that level of growth. 
And as part of legacy Allergan, I think it was much more episodic in the way this was funded quarter-to-quarter where we have -- we basically built a funding plan that will allow them to continue to drive activation over a long period of time. 
I'd say the second thing that's of interest to us is, I think this is a market where you can drive significant innovation, if you fund that innovation in a way again, a more continuous basis and advance those programs more aggressively and have a well thought out strategic road map as to where you're trying to drive some of these markets. 
As Mike mentioned in his comments, our goal is to basically try to advance the level of performance of the toxin market significantly over time. And the same with the filler market. There are certainly things that we can do to expand the areas that you can use fillers, both within the U.S. and globally. And that's a significant opportunity. 
But long term, we think there's an opportunity to take some of the biologic expertise that we have here at AbbVie and create more biologically active fillers that not only do physical filling but also improve collagen, improve elastin and other kinds of characteristics that would improve skin quality. And we think that will be -- if we're successful, we think that will be a significant opportunity to drive long-term growth. 
And then the last thing I'd say is the geographic footprint that AbbVie has. We obviously have a very broad geographic footprint. And the structure that we've set up is this totally integrated global unit that we're operating in the Aesthetics business, really gives them the freedom to go out and expand or more aggressively fund areas around the globe that they think there is a significant opportunity. 
A good case in point is I, believe it was in the fourth quarter, we funded a significant expansion in China to be able to increase the sales force there, to be able to drive it more deeply into a broader set of the cities in China to the next level down. And we're already seeing the benefits of that. China is already back to growing much like it did pre-COVID. So I think there's a lot of attractive attributes about that. 
On IMBRUVICA, maybe Jeff and I will tag-team on that one. What we're clearly seeing is that COVID is having an impact on patient starts in CLL. We're not only seeing it in IMBRUVICA, but we're seeing it in Venclexta as well. And it's somewhat logical when you think about it, these oncology practices are trying to reduce density and CLL is a disease where you can -- in many patients' cases, you can delay therapy for some period of time. I would say that's the vast majority of it. 
When we look at -- when I look at the overall share, and the reason why I'm talking about the overall share, is Venclexta is now gaining a significant level of momentum in this market as well. When I look at our overall shares in first line, second line or third line, we continue to have the dominant share position. And I'd say probably partially to your question, if I look at Calquence, I'd say it's performing at the expectation we have. I think the first-line share is about 12%, slightly higher in second line, maybe 14%. And I don't recall the third line share.

Yes. So I'd say that's within the range of what we saw with MCL within the range of what we had modeled. So it's not really a competitive issue that we're dealing with. It's more a function of getting those patients starts back up to the level they were before. 
Anything you want to add, Jeff?

Yes, Nicole, this is Rick. I think this is something we've had experience with. If you think about the economic crisis, I thought we saw a similar kind of uptick in price erosion outside the United States and in particular, I'd say, in European Union. We have factored in a reasonable assumption into our guidance for 2021. So I feel good about that. I think it is reflective of what we're likely to see. So I think we're covered from that perspective. 
Anything you want to add, Rob?

Okay. Steve. This is Rick. I'll cover the first one and Mike can cover the second one. I would say first and foremost, we are a very disciplined organization in how we approach execution in the marketplace. We tend to probably even to some extent, obsessively plan and go out and try to execute against that plan. And I think in times of difficulties, that kind of discipline tends to demonstrate itself. And that's where you see the biggest differences. 
So that's not to say other people don't do it. Like that. I'm not that familiar with how others operate, but I know how we operate. And I know how we contingency plan, and we look at, okay, if that doesn't work, what are we going to do? And we do that ahead of time. And if that doesn't work, what are we going to do? And I think that kind of contingency planning and focus on execution is helpful. 
I'd say the second thing is, if I look at our business, we put a strategy in place, and I feel very good about how the business is performing overall. I mean I would say the business firing on all cylinders. And you can look at our fourth quarter performance, to your point. And I think it demonstrates that, and you can look at our guidance, and it demonstrates that almost every single product area is performing at or above, most of them above what consensus was. And that, I think, is another indicator for you. 
And we have a much more diverse business now. We have 4 major growth platforms that are helping us drive that level of growth. Our new product launches are doing extremely well. Obviously, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are, but I'd also say UBRELVY and Vraylar, are performing extremely well. 
And the pipeline, I would say one of the things that gives me the most confidence is when I look at the pipeline behind that, that's designed to be able to drive our long-term growth because 1 of the things that we focus on is how we're going to make sure that we continue to drive this business to perform at the level it's performing over the long term. And so if I look -- I look at the SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, R&D execution around the follow-on indications, it's been nothing less than spectacular, both from a timing standpoint and the kind of data that we have been able to produce. 
When I look at our hem/onc strategy, we've got a very disciplined strategy there of ensuring that we have enough assets to continue to grow what has become a very large franchise for us. Our franchise is $6.6 billion, as we said, we're going to grow at double digits. Over the long term, what's going to allow us to do that? Well, obviously, IMBRUVICA is going to continue to drive share, Venclexta is going to continue to drive share in CLL. But Venclexta has indication expansions into area potential, in areas like  t(11;14) and a broader AML population and several other areas. 
Then I look at navitoclax. We should get that product approved and give us an opportunity in myelofibrosis. And then you look at Genmab and you look at our CD47, those will all allow us to ensure that we can sustain that growth profile over the long term. 
Neuroscience, same thing. Atogepant will allow us to expand into the broader migraine population. So I feel very good about what we put in place and our ability to execute against that. So I think there's not 1 silver bullet that I can point to. I think it's all of those things. Certainly, our ability and market access has helped a lot in the U.S. I'd say we're very good at that. But you have to have the right kinds of assets in order to execute that. You have to have assets that are differentiated, like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. So it's the combination of all of that, it gives you this performance and gives you the long-term sustainable ability to deliver that kind of performance. And I feel awfully good about where we are.

Well, I'd say on the on the neuroscience investment, I mean we obviously have a very broad neuroscience investment. I mean we have a significant investment from an R&D standpoint and in disease-modifying approaches for a number of different neurological diseases that Mike has talked about and mentioned in his comments earlier. So I'd say we have a significant R&D investment. We obviously are investing in Vraylar to continue to expand that asset. 
Again, our goal will be to invest in these areas where you can get maximum capture -- market share capture. I think if you look at Vraylar and you look at the projections that we've made over time, if you look at the sequential year-over-year dollar growth of that business, that's how you get to that number. And basically, we've been able to sustain that, and we expect to continue to sustain it as relatively low market share, but that's not unusual in this market because there's a lot of generic products that psychiatrists cycle patients through and sometimes in combination with patients. 
So we're going to invest in the business to be able to drive the maximum level of profitable share as we do in any other segment that we're in. Same thing on BOTOX Therapeutic. Obviously, we have R&D programs in there to continue to expand the opportunities in therapeutics. 
Anything you want to add from an investment standpoint, Rob?

This is Rick. The only thing I'd add on that is, when you look at that SKYRIZI 33% in-play share, it's almost double what the next closest competitor is. I mean it's impressive the gap between SKYRIZI and the #2 player. 
And the other thing is, as these brands get more experience in the market, we'll also start to talk about the total TRx share. And I think SKYRIZI is at that point now. I think it's total TRx share, now it's 14%, 13.9%, 14%, something like that.

And that's pretty impressive for this short period of time. I think it's close to #2 in the market in TRx share. So they're both doing very, very well.

I mean I'd also say in that time period when we did BI, it was an absolute requirement on the accounting...

It wasn't like it was a judgment call or something you desire to do. The accounting said it had to be accounted for in that form -- in that fashion. It's since been changed going forward, but the window at which we -- that occurred, that was the required accounting treatment. 
So on number two, Jeff and I will cover number 2. I'll give you sort of a high level look, and then Jeff, maybe give you more specificity around it. If you look at Duodopa, I mean this is a therapy that has absolutely phenomenal efficacy. You can see these patients who cannot move really and you turn on the pump and you start giving them the drug. And within a very short period of time, they regained their motion. The challenge is a very difficult treatment to -- for the patient to basically deal with and the caregiver to deal with on a long-term sustainable basis. You have to do surgery, insert the G-tube, you have to maintain that G-tube open. 
So that does somewhat limit the population that is able to use it. And so we view this as a way to significantly expand the market. And Jeff is obviously far more familiar with it, so I'll let him give you a little more specifics. But that's the general concept. I think this could be a significant -- wanted to be a significant treatment for these patients who need this kind of therapy; and two, I think you could expand the market pretty significantly.

Yes. So I don't know that we're going to specifically comment on what we've assumed as it relates to Jeuveau. I just don't think it's probably appropriate. First of all, it's not that large of a product so it wouldn't have a material impact on BOTOX Cosmetics. 
I'd say on the -- on the -- on your second question, I will tell you, emphatically, we have no interest in spinning off the Aesthetics business. We have a program in place where we manage the differences between the reimbursement associated with BOTOX Therapeutics and the cash paid portion of the Cosmetics business. It's been in place for quite some time. We're quite comfortable that we can manage it quite effectively. So it's an important thing that you track carefully, but we have a good system in place to be able to do that. But we have no interest in spinning off the Aesthetics business or any aspects of the Aesthetics business.