Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I'll briefly discuss our first quarter performance and highlights. Mike will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D pipeline, and Bill will discuss the quarter in more detail. As always, following our remarks, we'll take your questions. 
We delivered another exceptional quarter, with results well ahead of our expectations. Our adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter were $1.87, representing growth of 46% versus the first quarter of 2017, a level of organic growth that is rarely seen in a company of our size. Our quarterly results also included global operational sales growth of more than 17%. This industry-leading performance demonstrates the strength of our underlying business and the strong foundation we have built. 
Since our inception, we have strived to create a business that has multiple strong growth drivers. This quarter clearly demonstrates that level of diversity, with HUMIRA, IMBRUVICA and MAVYRET all delivering significant contributions to our growth. Based on our strong performance year-to-date as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year, as indicated in our news release this morning, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance for 2018, which I'll discuss in more detail here in a few moments. 
HUMIRA delivered global operational sales growth of 10.7% in the quarter. In the U.S., HUMIRA sales grew 11.4%, driven by continued strong prescription volume growth across all 3 categories. Internationally, operational sales growth was 9.3%. HUMIRA continues to hold the #1 market share position across all 3 categories, and we're pleased with the strong market trends that we're seeing across geographies as well as therapeutic segments. 
During the quarter, we also announced our second global settlement agreement, resolving all IP-related litigation with Samsung over their biosimilar to HUMIRA. Since our first settlement with Amgen back in 2017, the strength of our IP portfolio has been further validated by 4 successful IPR decisions. We remain confident that we will not see direct biosimilar competition in the U.S. until at least 2022.
Moving now to IMBRUVICA. IMBRUVICA delivered strong momentum and growth, with global sales increasing more than 38% over the prior year. IMBRUVICA has continued to expand its position as the clear market share leader across all lines of therapy in CLL, driven by its strong durable response and superior survival benefit over standard of care. 
Global HCV sales were $919 million in the first quarter, with global MAVYRET sales of nearly $850 million. MAVYRET has continued its strong launch trajectory in both the U.S. and international markets. MAVYRET has now achieved a market share in the U.S. of 45%, and we currently have access to more than 3/4 of the covered lives, with the majority of that access at parity. MAVYRET has established a strong position in other major countries as well, such as Japan, Germany, Spain and Italy. 
Clearly, the launch of MAVYRET has exceeded our initial expectations. We're pleased with the strong clinical profile and our commercial execution, which has driven our ability to gain U.S. formulary access and ramp significantly faster than what we had anticipated. We now project full year HCV sales of approximately $3.5 billion.
We also continue to see strong performance from several other products, including Lupron, Creon and Duopa, which continue to be very stable, profitable products within our base business. 
We're highly encouraged by our commercial performance and financial results in the quarter. We're off to another excellent start in 2018, reinforcing our confidence in the strong fundamentals of our business.
As we discussed on our earnings call back in January, we view the passage of U.S. tax reform as an important business driver for companies like ours. It has enabled more efficient access to foreign cash and the ability to deploy it effectively within the U.S. We've previously highlighted a number of our plans to capitalize on this flexibility, including investing roughly $2.5 billion in capital projects in the U.S. over the next 5 years as well as our commitment to a onetime charitable contribution of approximately $350 million to select not-for-profit organizations. 
Since that time, we've continued to contemplate the most effective ways to deploy our investment opportunities from tax reform to maximize the benefit and to support our business over the long term. Now with the benefit of tax reform, we expect to invest more aggressively in R&D, exploring opportunities to augment our early-stage pipeline and add additional R&D capabilities. 
In support of this, we plan to continue to expand our oncology presence in Northern California, with a focus on further driving R&D innovation. We also plan to invest more heavily in support of numerous products we expect to launch over the next 18 months, ensuring that these new therapies are well positioned to achieve their maximum commercial potential. All of these actions demonstrate that tax reform is having the intended impacts, creating new jobs and helping to stimulate U.S. investment.
Based on our strong cash flow generation and our confidence in our long-term outlook, in February, we announced a significant increase in our return of capital to shareholders through a 35% increase on our quarterly cash dividend and a new $10 billion stock repurchase program. 
This morning, we announced that we are launching a Dutch auction tender offer to commence as early as May 1 and to purchase up to $7.5 billion of our stock. Despite AbbVie's exceptional shareholder return, we continue to believe our stock is fundamentally undervalued, especially following the Rova-T news, which I'll discuss in more detail in a moment. This tender offer further demonstrates our ongoing commitment to deliver exceptional shareholder return and our continued confidence in our company's long-term prospects. 
As you know, on the first quarter call, we provided 2018 EPS guidance of $7.33 to $7.43, which reflected growth of 32% at the midpoint. There have been a number of significant developments since we issued that guidance back in January, primarily our stronger-than-expected operating performance in the first quarter and our expectations for continued robust underlying business performance as well as the acceleration of our planned share buybacks through the tender offer. 
As a result, we are raising our full year EPS guidance range by $0.33 to $7.66 to $7.76. The midpoint of this revised guidance is $7.71, and that reflects industry-leading EPS growth of 38% over 2017. The majority of the increase in this revised guidance is being driven by stronger underlying business performance. Bill will walk you through an update on our 2018 guidance, including our expectations for top line performance in just a few moments.
I'm going to close my remarks this morning with some comments about R&D. As we recently disclosed, after consulting with the FDA, we made the decision to not seek accelerated approval on Rova-T in third-line small cell lung cancer. And while we were disappointed with this outcome, we were encouraged by the single-agent activity that Rova-T demonstrated in these very advanced patients, and TRINITY represents the second trial where we've shown clear single-agent responses. We look forward to the data from the ongoing Phase III trials in first- and second-line small cell lung cancer, most of which have active comparator arms. We remain encouraged in earlier lines of therapy, and in combination with other agents, we have the potential to see stronger results and more durability of response.
But despite the setback with Rova-T, we continue to believe that we have one of the most compelling pipelines in the industry, based not only on the quality and growth potential of the assets but also on the diversity of the opportunities. We have an attractive collection of innovative, late-stage assets with differentiated clinical profiles that deliver meaningful patient benefits. Given that we have largely completed registrational programs for a number of our assets, we have a tremendous level of confidence in their probability of regulatory and commercial success. 
For example, we recently reported the fourth of 5 pivotal trials on upadacitinib in RA. Each study has reinforced our view that upadacitinib is truly a best-in-class asset. For risankizumab, after reporting best-in-category results across 4 pivotal studies in psoriasis, we've now submitted our U.S. regulatory application, and our EMA application will be submitted within the next few days. We are confident that both of these next-generation immunology assets will achieve strong competitive positions within their respective markets. 
With VENCLEXTA, we're nearing the launch of a major label expansion in relapsed/refractory CLL, which represents a meaningful market for AbbVie. We're already hearing positive feedback from KOLs who view VENCLEXTA as a potential game-changing new therapy for patients with CLL. And we're in the final stages of regulatory review for Elagolix in endometriosis. When approved, Elagolix will be an important new treatment option for patients in this area of high unmet need and a significant market opportunity for our company. 
Beyond their initial indications, each of these assets have sizable opportunities in follow-on indications where we're already in late-stage development. These include VENCLEXTA in AML and multiple myeloma, Elagolix in uterine fibroids and several important new indications for upadacitinib and risankizumab, such as Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis and atopic dermatitis, among others. 
We're excited to see the evolution of our pipeline, from promising late-stage development compounds to on-market products. We feel highly confident about our pipeline and its ability to drive top-tier, long-term growth. Our pipeline represents a significant yet underappreciated growth driver for AbbVie. 
AbbVie is a company that has consistently demonstrated we live up to our commitments and we deliver top-tier performance. We're a company that has exceptionally strong operating performance, as is clearly demonstrated by our financial results; an impressive late-stage pipeline; an efficient tax structure; and a compelling philosophy on return of capital to our shareholders, as demonstrated by our dividend growth and our share repurchase program. 
So in summary, we're extremely pleased with our outperformance in the quarter and with the strong momentum of our business, leading to the increase in our expectations for 2018. We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to continue to successfully execute on our long-term strategy and deliver outstanding shareholder value.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on R&D. Mike?

This is Rick. I'll take the first question, and Mike can cover the second question. Well, certainly, I think we view the reaction to the TRINITY data as a gross overreaction. I'll come back to that here in a moment. But ultimately, we made the decision to go forward with the Dutch auction because essentially, based on that gross overreaction, we fundamentally believe that the market reaction to the Rova-T data was overdone by a magnitude of 4, 5x, and therefore, the stock is very undervalued. And when we see situations like that, we're going to take advantage of that. We think that's the appropriate thing to do. We're in the fortunate position that we generate a tremendous amount of cash flow in this business. And despite doing this, we still have all the flexibility that we need to be able to do whatever acquisitions or licensing arrangements that we'd like to do to be able to build the business. And we continue to work on various options. So we don't view this as in any way limiting our flexibility to be able to move forward and do the things that we need to be able to do. As I said, we have the flexibility to be able to do both. And we think this is an appropriate use of some of our cash flow because we think the reaction was dramatically overdone. And to that point, what I would say is, if you look at our pipeline and you look at the level of performance that this company has delivered over the last several years, we delivered top-tier performance. We built a pipeline that is clearly capable of continuing to drive top-tier performance. Rova-T was the smallest of those assets in our late-stage pipeline. It had an immaterial impact on our overall growth rate in third line. The rest -- it was the only derisked -- non-derisked asset that we had, meaning all of the other assets that we have on our late-stage pipeline, we have a significant amount of Phase III data that supports the profile of those assets and the confidence that we have around regulatory approval of those assets. And so look, there are always bears on every stock out there. There's always people who have an interest in shorting. They've been seeing ghosts now for a number of years. And at the end of the day, I don't see the same ghosts that they see. Now it doesn't mean that it wasn't painful to see the reaction, but our job is to continue to drive the business and to drive the level of performance, and you see that in the quarter that we're operating in. And I can tell you we have confidence that you're going to see it going forward. And over time, markets tend to figure things out. And I think in our case, that will be the case as well. So we certainly feel good about what our prospects look like going forward.

So Josh, this is Rick. I'll take the first question. I think Mike probably will cover 2 and 3. So long-term sustainability of HCV, HCV is obviously a big and attractive market. MAVYRET has done extremely well. I mean, it has a profile that fits the marketplace well. I think our execution and our long strategy has worked well both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And although the patient volumes do vary a bit, and they're not totally predictable, so you do see some fluctuation in treatment volumes around the world and within the U.S. as well, that makes it a little bit more difficult to be able to forecast and predict with a high degree of precision. But this is a market that is going to be around for a long, long time and be a very big market. And I think now essentially, you have us and one competitor who have the lion's share of this marketplace. We're obviously doing extremely well, and we have leadership position in a number of markets. And where we don't have the leadership position, we're awfully close to the market leader and continuing to move in that direction. And so we view this as an attractive market, and we certainly view that we have an asset that will allow us to be able to stay highly competitive and in a leadership position going forward. And so we view it as an important market for us, and we think we have the right tools to be effective over the long term.

This is Rick. Maybe I'll cover most of that and then have Bill fill in any details. I mean, if you look at overall net price benefit that we're seeing in HUMIRA, it's consistent with what we communicated at the beginning of the year. And that is that we're seeing prescription volume growth of about 9% in the U.S., and we're seeing mid-single-digit kind of price fall through. And that's consistent with what we had planned for, with one price increase at the level that we have been communicating. As far as accumulator programs and our comments around that, obviously, these are a new entity that has moved into the marketplace. It's not a large percentage of the overall patient volume. It represents about 4% or so of the HUMIRA patient volume, so it's not a very large portion of the patients. Obviously, we think these programs are bad policy, particularly for patients that are on specialty medicines -- chronic specialty medicines. And we have not seen any impact from them in the first quarter yet, although I'm not sure we would see a big impact in the first quarter based on how they operate. What we are assuming going forward is that because of the higher deductibles that these patients will have, that potentially, we will see an increase in their use of the copay programs that we and all of our competitors have as well, that the amount of funds that they need to be able to get to their deductible will be higher than what we're running now on average across the board. And so what we have built in is some additional amounts for that patient population. And probably the easiest way to think about it is this: so if they have a higher average deductible than what the average was in the prior years, most of these patients, because they do have chronic conditions, have many other medical expenses as well. So if they would normally have gotten to their deductible in month 2 at the lower deductibles, now they may not get to their deductible until month 4. And obviously, we don't want to lose those patients over a month or 2. So within our copay programs today, they have the flexibility to go higher. They just don't go higher because of where the deductibles are. And so essentially, what we're describing is that phenomenon, that we have built in more expense associated with that. We're not sure whether we'll see it. We think it's the appropriate thing to do, and we obviously have enough performance in the business that we can do it at this point and watch how it goes and still deliver exceptional performance and actually raise our guidance at the same time. So we're in a fortunate position from that perspective. We're obviously monitoring it carefully, and we're going to have to see how it sorts out. It may not be at the impact that we've described here, but I think it's the appropriate way to model the going-forward business until we have more experience with these programs. On 2019, I don't -- I think we're still early in that process, so I don't know that we have a lot of comments that we could give you at this point on that contract status. Yes, I would tell you, in the discussions that we've had, we would not expect major differences in gross to net or major differences in the level of coverage that we have in lives. So at a very high level, I think that's the way I'd be thinking about it, but more specificity than that would come later in the year. Bill?

So Mike, why don't you cover 2 and 3, and then I'll come back and cover 1?

And then as far as the psoriasis trends in the IL-17s, I mean, I think the trends you're seeing on the 17s is similar to what we've talked about on previous calls. And that is that they tend to be relegated to second line and beyond. So typically, after the patient fails the first-line therapy, which in most cases is HUMIRA, and then they'll go on to use an agent like the IL-17s. So I haven't seen a whole lot of change in the old overall market dynamics around that. Maybe another way to think about it is to more broadly look at HUMIRA and not just the psoriasis market but overall the market. And if you look at HUMIRA, obviously, it continues to perform extremely well. It performs well because it's in big markets that are growing, and obviously, the asset has the profile, and our execution is such that we get the vast majority of the frontline patients moving into HUMIRA, and we're able to sustain those patients over time. I mean, if you look at the overall market growth rate, it's running about 10% or 11%. That varies from sort of mid-single digits, 6%, 7% in rheumatology to high teens in derm and GI. So those are big markets that continue to grow nicely. If you look at our Rx growth, on average, it was about 9% this quarter. Again, that varies at about a little over 6% in rheum; double-digit, 10%, 11%, 12% in derm; and GI is more they're like 12% or 13% overall script growth rates. The important thing in this market is to capture the frontline patients and maintain those patients over time. And so if you look at every one of the subcategories for HUMIRA, essentially RA, SpA, PsA, AS, psoriasis, Crohn's and you see those are the major categories that we measure, and you look at first-line capture rate, HUMIRA is #1 in every single one of those. It varies anywhere from around 30% on the low end to as high as 56% of new patients captured on the high end across those categories. And so the brand continues to perform extremely well, and the markets continue to perform extremely well. But there's still room for a lot of agents in this market because not all patients respond to any one agent, so you need multiple therapies to be able to put those patients in the appropriate level of control. And so the 17s and the 23s and many other mechanisms will have a role to play in the treatment paradigm for these patients going forward.

Okay. Chris, this is Rick. I'll cover the HUMIRA question, and Mike will cover the Rova-T question. So as we indicated in the last call, we have started our preparation activities for biosimilars outside the U.S. in those countries that are going to face biosimilar activity in the fourth quarter of this year. So we've implemented -- started the process of implementing our defense strategy. I would say that is going as we would have expected. It's going well thus far. And we're preparing for what will ultimately be the impact that we see in the fourth quarter. You obviously saw a robust growth in the first quarter Bill may be able to talk to. There was some timing that was in, timing of some shipments within that quarter. Bill, do you want to touch on that?

But I'd say if you looked at last year and you look at where we are now, you would expect that the business will grow there up until the fourth quarter in sort of the mid-single-digit range, which is what we would expect, and then you will start to see the impact of biosimilars. It's a little harder to tell at this point exactly how that's going to go. We've modeled it. I think we have a pretty good idea of how that will progress, and I think it will fall within the expectations that we have put forth. And -- but we're going to need to see as it actually plays out, and we watch what their -- the biosimilars launch strategies really look like. But I think we're well prepared to be able to deal with that. Rova-T?

In the case of HCV, I think if you look at our business, we have been rolling out in all the major countries around the world. The most recent one that we rolled out was France, and prior to that was Japan. Japan, obviously, we had tremendous success in Japan, achieved a market leadership in a very short period of time and sustained a very high level of market share. So the adoption of the product in Japan was extremely good. We're ramping in France now to some extent. What is left is typically smaller countries now, and we'll be rolling those out over the course of the next several months. As far as reimbursement decisions, it varies pretty dramatically. When the first generation of HCV products came out, many countries did 2 things. One, they typically funded their later-stage, later-F score patients. And they funded their health care budgets in -- on a year-by-year basis, which isn't typical of how they would do a program like this. But because of that, they had to come back each year and make a determination as to how much funding they would put in. We still see that happening in certain countries around the world. So it is -- it's a difficult question, I guess, for me to answer for you with any level of specificity. But generally speaking, I'd say if you look across the board, the overall reimbursed population is relatively consistent. The mix is obviously different, but it does vary from country to country.

Yes. On the HUMIRA litigation, I would not say there's anything really new to report there. And frankly, litigation is probably not something we're going to spend a lot of time describing in a high level of detail. But what I can tell you on the current litigation is it is proceeding as we have described to you, so the time windows are consistent with what we've described to you. And I wouldn't expect any kind of significant event for quite some period of time as we go through the normal process that you go through in a litigation process like discovery, et cetera. So this is going to play out over years, as we've described to you before. So there's really nothing new to report there from that perspective. I think you make an excellent point about the value of our company, the enterprise value of our company, obviously the P/E of the stock compared to where it was several years ago. All of those things basically create an opportunity that if you wanted to do a larger transaction where you were using stock, it certainly puts you in a much better position to be able to do that. And so that makes obvious sense in what you're describing and certainly gives us the ability to be able to do things like that. We tend to look at what we're going to do to build the business around the backdrop of what our company value proposition is that we're trying to drive. And our company value proposition is that we are committed to drive top-tier growth over the long term and build a pipeline that is capable of being able to drive us at that level despite all the ins and outs that will occur in the business going forward and be able to perform at that level. If we thought a large transaction was what was necessary to be able to do that, obviously, we would pursue a large transaction. But what I've said to you many quarters in a row now, we're in the fortunate position like this quarter where we're driving a tremendous amount of growth as we look forward. We believe we can continue to drive a significant amount of growth, a top-tier level of growth. You can never have enough pipeline in the business that we're in. And so we obviously have a very strong desire to continue to build our pipeline. But right now, we are building up more around more individual products or platforms, bolt-on kinds of platforms. And most of the time, those don't require stock to be the vehicle by which you acquire those assets. It's not to say we haven't done it. We obviously had stock in other transactions, like Pharmacyclics as an example, but that was more around the dynamics of the transaction that drove it than the need to have to do it through that vehicle. So I think your point is valid. Our goal will be to continue to build the value of the company. So I would expect that we'll be in that position for quite some time, and we'll continue to evaluate what our strategic plan is to build it. But right now, that is our area of focus, more of these bolt-ons and building the mid-stage and the early-stage pipeline.

Efficacy. We're having a little bit of a tough time hearing you. I don't know if you can hear us all right.

Mike, why don't you cover the first one, I'll cover the second one?

Okay. On the copay accumulator programs, I have not heard that description you've described. But look, it's like anything else, there are lots and lots of programs out there. Could there be a program that was similar to what you're describing? Certainly, that could be the case. I would say, in general, as we look at these and as we think about them, essentially what they're designed to do is to raise the copay to a higher level. They're typically high-deductible plans that have a higher copay. And they try to force back on the patient a higher level of that copay and their responsibility to that copay. It was the ones I've seen are built around -- they cover all expenses, medical expenses that, that patient has, so not just drugs but physicians or hospitalization or all those kinds of costs. And so essentially, what it does, as what I described before, is you may have a copay that's $4,000. The average is between $4,000 and $5,000 in these programs. There are some that go as high as $10,000, but the average is more like $4,000 to $5,000. Let's say, the typical copay would be closer to $1,500 to $2,000 on a typical medical program. So you have to get to a much higher copay in order for that -- the insurance company to take on the greater responsibility. And that is not specific to a product, at least in the experiences that I have seen. As I said, I don't view them as a major threat. I view them as extremely bad health care policy because I think trying to put that level of burden on a patient who needs a chronic medication just is not the appropriate way to be able to try to manage those patients over the long term. But having said that, this is a relatively small percentage, and we think the biggest impact will be that it will incur some additional costs on the -- for those patients going forward. And therefore, we are reflecting some of that costs in our P&L going forward as well.

Okay. So David, I'll do 1 and 3. Mike will cover #2. So if you look at copay accumulators, I can tell you this is our internal data, so it'll give you some idea. There are roughly about 20% of patients in the U.S. that are on high-deductibility plans now. Of those, about 20% or so have copay accumulators associated with them, so that gets you to this, about 4% of the overall HUMIRA population. Now I think one of the things that will happen over time is, for those patients that can select out of these programs, I can tell you we're getting a lot of feedback from patient groups that are extremely unhappy with this policy. And I think those patients that have the flexibility to elect out of a high-deductibility plan that has it, that use chronic drugs or have significant levels of medical payer that is associated with a chronic condition, I think they will exit these programs because these programs don't make a tremendous amount of sense for them. It may be that you have a lower cost of your premium upfront, but ultimately, when they get hit with a big copay, that becomes a difficult thing for them to manage their way through. So we could see that percentage come down. Now in fairness, there are certain employers that that's the only program that they offer. And so for those people, they won't have a choice of how they try to deal with it. But it's still a relatively small percentage unit. You said having a big impact in 2018, if you look at the grand scheme of HUMIRA, I wouldn't exactly describe this as a big impact, but there could be some costs associated with it, and we will make sure we've reflected those costs. We haven't seen, as I said before, any impact yet. We're going to have to measure it as we get into second and third quarter and see exactly what we experience. We are committed to try to maintain those patients on therapy because we think that's the right thing to do. On HUMIRA OUS decline, your recollection, I think, is reasonably correct. I'd say we updated them, I'm trying to remember which call it was, where we took it up slightly to 18% to 20% was the latest erosion curve that we described. The bulk of that probably will occur between the fourth quarter of this year and the end of '19 because you would expect that -- the impact to be able to defend that volume will play out over that period of time, and then there'll be more modest declines or pressure going forward. And so I would say right now, we're still thinking it's in that 20% range, 18% to 20% range, but we need to see some experience, I think. Without seeing actually what their launch strategy looks like, we're modeling everything against what we've seen with REMICADE and what we're seeing right now with Enbrel. And what we're modeling here is pretty consistent with what we're seeing out there, but -- and I don't fundamentally believe we should see something a lot different, but we want to see what that experience looks like. If it's different than what we've described, we'll obviously update the market once we have more experience with it.