Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll briefly comment on our overall performance, then Jeff, Tom and Rob will review our second quarter business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. 
AbbVie delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.37, exceeding our expectations. Total net revenues of approximately $14.6 billion was up 6.1% on an operational basis, in line with our expectations. This performance reflects robust double-digit operational sales growth from immunology and where Skyrizi is exceeding our expectations with impressive market share gains in both psoriasis and PSA. 
Skyrizi's recent U.S. approval in Crohn's disease will add yet another source of long-term growth. As a result of the strong performance we've seen in the first half of the year, we are raising our full year guidance for Skyrizi. RINVOQ is also demonstrating strong growth. RA continues to perform in line with our expectations following the label update, and we're making very good progress with all of the newly launched indications, including PSA, AS, atopic dermatitis and ulcerative colitis which collectively represent a significant long-term growth opportunity. 
Neuroscience is another area with outstanding performance, Vraylar, Botox Therapeutic and Ubrelvy and QULIPTA each demonstrated double-digit sequential sales growth. Pending regulatory approvals for Vraylar in major depressive disorder, QULIPTA in chronic migraine and ABBV-951 for the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease represent additional near-term growth opportunities for our neuroscience portfolio. 
Turning now to Aesthetics. Botox Cosmetic once again performed very well, with sales up more than 20% on an operational basis. Demand for toxins remains strong with high teens growth in the U.S. despite inflation dynamics. As expected, Juvederm's performance was negatively impacted by COVID-related lockdowns in China as well as the suspension of our operations in Russia. 
Additionally, in the U.S., we had a difficult prior year comparison with the promotional event that we ran last year. We also saw a modest impact in the quarter due to economic pressures. We continue to expect positive full year growth for Juvederm driven by the lessening COVID impact in China and 2 new filler launches in the U.S., which will benefit growth in the second half of the year. 
In hematological oncology, Imbruvica continues to be unfavorably impacted by a delayed market recovery for new patients starting therapy in CLL and increasing competition. These ongoing dynamics will have an impact on Imbruvica's projected 2022 revenues. 
As a result, we will be adjusting our full year guidance to reflect these impacts. Venclexta continues to demonstrate robust share performance in both CLL and AML, with sales up double digits on an operational basis. Venclexta also has registrational studies ongoing in additional attractive indications such as multiple myeloma in the t(1114) patient population with Phase III data forthcoming as well as high-risk MDS. 
Additionally, we have an exciting and diverse pipeline of promising new therapies to address critical unmet needs in both blood cancers and solid tumors which are expected to support the next wave of AbbVie's growth in oncology. In summary, the diversity of our portfolio once again allowed us to deliver another strong performance despite the challenges we see in the CLL market and increasing Imbruvica competition. 
Skyrizi and Rinvoq are performing exceptionally well and are on pace to deliver approximately $7.5 billion in combined sales this year. Neuroscience demonstrated balanced double-digit growth driven by migraine and Vraylar and continued robust Botox Cosmetic growth offset some of the U.S. inflationary impact to our filler and body contouring portfolios. 
As a result, we are confirming our full year 2022 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $13.78 to $13.98 representing growth of more than 17% at the midpoint. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

Okay. Andrew, this is Rick. Thank you for the questions. I'll cover the first one, and then Tom can cover the second one. So we are in the process now, as we've indicated before, of negotiating with the managed care organizations and the PBMs to establish our contract position for Humira in 2023. 
This has been a normal time that you would go through that. It is progressing as we would expect. I would say we're midway through that process right now. I would expect it to conclude near the end of the third quarter, early of the fourth quarter. At that point, that's an important part of refining our model for 2023 in particular. 
And what that will tell us is that the positions that we have formulary status for 2023 in for Humira, and that will help us define clearly the volume aspect of it. And so that's going well, and that's going to be an important part of us being able to refine that model.  
And so as we get further along in that process, that will give us the ability to be able to potentially refine the model that we have. Now the one thing that's important to remember in all of this is price is the other key aspect here. 
And there, we won't know real pricing until the actual event starts to occur. So we will make assumptions around what that price looks like. And I think those will be informed assumptions, but they are just at their assumptions. And so that's the 1 piece that will still be somewhat of an unknown until we see the landscape start to play out in 2023. 
And particularly in midway through 2023 when more biosimilars enter the market. So as we get more information, we can provide more clarity, we'll certainly try to do that, but I think that's where we are right now. Tom?

So Terence, I'll take both of those questions, and then Rob can certainly jump in here if he has something he wants to add. We are maintaining the Aesthetics guidance as we've indicated. Certainly, we have seen good, strong performance on the toxin side of the business, and we would expect it to continue. 
As we look at the filler side of the business, as you've noted, it was lighter this quarter than we've seen historically. And I'd say that was driven by a couple of issues. It was certainly driven by the China Russia issue outside the U.S.  In the U.S., we did have a very successful promotional program that we ran last year. So it was a tough comparison versus last year. But I'd also say we have seen some glimpses of what could be inflationary pressure on that business or it could be pent-up demand for vacations.
And Carrie can certainly go through in more detail if there's a follow-up question. But I think as we look at the business overall, we're comfortable maintaining the guidance now. We believe that BOTOX will continue to perform very well.  And obviously, we're doing more things to be able to drive the toxin side of the business. It's at a price point where it should be less sensitive to inflationary pressures. The price point for toxin is about $500, I think, right, Gary. And where fillers are almost twice that or maybe even a little more than twice that. So clearly, from a disposable income standpoint, fillers are more challenging for people than toxins are and so that's the rationale behind it. 
And certainly, as we look at the overall performance of the AbbVie business, we have plenty of opportunities with the diversity of our portfolio to cover any potential shortfall if we ended up having an issue at all. So that's why we're comfortable maintaining the guidance.  And I think we need to see more time playout here to see exactly where we are from a U.S. inflationary impact. 
On the second question, as it relates to an update on '23 and potentially something on '24. I think the way you've described it is accurate.  When we have more information we'll try to provide that. And when we've gotten to a point that certainly by the fourth quarter call, we're going to provide you guidance on what we think will happen in 2023. But if we can provide something on the third quarter call, I wouldn't be looking for guidance.  I think that's not a good expectation. But certainly, potentially a little more clarification on what our contracting status looks like at that point and how that will translate into what we think. And if we can refine the model to a greater degree, we would certainly provide that. 
As it relates to 2024, certainly, I'm not going to -- we're not in a position we're going to talk about 2024 right now. And I think that would be a little bit unlikely because not all these contracts will be 2-year contracts. And so you really won't know what your volume position is at that point.  And as I said, you won't know what the pricing is going to be particularly midway through the year. And so I think those will be important things to be able to dial in to where the forecast is going. I say, overall, we feel good about the contracting position that we're in. 
And then I'd say the other thing is, I know investors really want to try to model this between '23 and '24. I understand why you want to do that. Certainly, we obviously would like to do that to the greatest degree possible. 
But when you step back and you actually look at the performance of AbbVie and how you will value AbbVie and where AbbVie moves going forward. It has relatively little to do with Humira and that shape of that curve between '23 and '24. And certainly, by the end of '24, we should reach a point where we've achieved some level of stability on the tail of Humira. 
What AbbVie is all about is these other products like Skyrizi and Rinvoq and Vraylar and Ubrelvy, the Aesthetics business, QULIPTA, those are going to be the things that drive it. So if you want to focus on something and it's what we focus on internally is that underlying growth engine that will emerge on the other side of whatever erosion Humira ends up suffering before it hit some level of stability and tail is those assets and then what it comes out of the pipeline. Those are the key things that are going to create that growth between 25% and 30%. 
And that's the part that we -- I would say, we're obviously managing Humira to the greatest extent we can. But that's the part that we as a team are focusing on and I think that's the most important part because that is the AbbVie going forward.

Well, let me take a shot at that, certainly, Jeff is closer to it. So Jeff, if you want to add anything in, feel free to jump in and add. Typically, new contracts for an asset like Humira, you're contracting for a formulary position. 
And there are volume requirements or other kinds of requirements. I think it's also -- it would be prudent to assume that biosimilars will be on these contracts whether it's one or more than one that will coexist with Humira. So price plays an important role in that because they will coexist. 
And so I'd say -- and as that becomes fluid, you would have to make decisions around how you try to deal with that. To maintain the kinds of volumes that you want to maintain. And we've said all along, the strategy that we'll have in the U.S. in similar to the strategy that we had internationally and that is maintain as much volume as we can at the highest level of profit that we can maintain it at. 
And that is the logic that we will employ. But that doesn't mean we won't have to be somewhat responsive to prices in the marketplace on Humira. Jeff, anything you'd add?

All right. Thanks, Steve. This is Rick. I'll cover the first one. And Roopal can cover the second one. So you are correct. That is what I described a meeting or 2 ago as the 4 variables. I would say when you think about interchangeability, I think you have to think about it in the backdrop of not just interchangeability, but also what is the profile that is the closest to Humira today? 
And we can look at all the biosimilars and have -- we have pretty good visibility as to what that profile looks like. And what I would say is to get a profile that is interchangeable and is consistent with the current Humira that's predominantly in the marketplace today, that's probably going to occur in the summer of 2023. 
There should be 1 or 2 biosimilars. They have a profile that looks like that. And that would make it somewhat easier for an organization to make a switch. So I think that will play an important variable. 
Nothing has changed in the last few months in what that profile looks like. And then obviously, supply is an important aspect that certainly, anyone that we're looking at making a significant change in their position with Humira is going to want to make sure that they're going with a company that has the ability to be able to produce volume at significant volumes, Humira, and they can do it sustainably. 
So there are certain players that I would say clearly have that ability to be able to do it similar to us. Certainly, no one does it at the scale of us or anywhere close to the scale of us. But there are also a lot of small players that I think supply is going to be an important aspect and going to somewhat limit the ability to be able to have broad market impact. 
And so those are going to be important dynamics as we negotiate with the various managed care organizations. I can tell you that we're talking through those kinds of things with them. Roopal?

Okay. So I'll take the first question. I mean, I think if you look at the drug pricing proposal that's out there, it's certainly an important issue for us. And I think it's an important issue for patients. I think if I look at that bill, and I'm assuming that if there were something that were to pass, it would be somewhat consistent with what was in the build back better for the Senate Finance text. 
And so far, it looks like that, but obviously evolving a bit here as we go along. And if I look at it in total, what I'd say is there's a couple of positive things in there. Certainly, most notably, the $2,000 cap out-of-pocket costs for patients and the ability to be able to smooth. I think that's an important step in increasing affordability, especially for patients in Medicare Part D and so that's something we've been supportive of. We've been vocal that we think that's an important step forward. 
But I'd say on balance, this is a bill that has far more negatives that it has positive in it. And I think, frankly, although it may not be short term, that challenging from a financial standpoint, I think the long-term implications of this bill are pretty significant. 
And they really hinge around this so-called negotiation clause that's in there and how that's being implemented, particularly for small molecules. And if you're familiar with it, essentially what it says is that CMS or we're assuming it will be CMS has the ability at a certain point in time to be able to negotiate a price on a set of drugs. 
And by the time you get there, it will be a big set of drugs that they'll have the ability to be able to negotiate on. And the key issue is this, essentially, they have full latitude to basically decide whatever price they want the drug to pay. 
And I wouldn't necessarily call it a negotiation because the only alternative that the manufacturer has is to accept a 95% penalty on their revenues or, in essence, take a 95% discount. So it's not a negotiation. We should just call it what it is. It's price control is what they're basically putting in place if the language stays the same. 
And ultimately, I think the real challenge is how we invest in this as an industry in innovation. If you take small molecules as an example, I'll walk you through an example that illustrates the plan that I'm going to raise here. Take a small molecule, it says at year 9 after the first approval, CMS has the right to be able to negotiate the price on that drug. 
So if you take an oncology drug as an example, how do we develop oncology drugs in this industry? And what the regulatory authorities typically require us to do to be able to develop our oncology drug. Well, they typically require you to do and what we typically do is we go into patients who have failed on all the existing therapies, fourth-line patients, fifth-line patients.  And we take whatever drug we have, and we determine do we have a positive benefit risk in that patient population. 
If we find that we do, then we seek approval for that drug in that patient population so that those patients will get the benefit of that drug. And then we start to work our way up towards front line, those who are refractory patients are typically very small populations of patients, right?  And you can never get a return on a drug just on that patient population. And then you work your way up to front line. Or second line, wherever you end up, that process typically takes 7 to 9 years because of the length of the trials. So essentially, with this, by the time you got to the larger populations, you'd be within a year or 2 of when CMS could change the price. 
But one, it's impossible to figure out what the return is going to be, so how do you invest. Two, it really puts negative pressure on you not to continue to develop new indications. But the most detrimental part of it is to patients who need these drugs or small indications or in later stage. 
Because you're faced with the dilemma, and this is a horrible dilemma, right, as a company and for patients. You're faced with a dilemma of do I choose not to seek approval in those late-stage patients, so I don't start the clock and wait until I'm closer to frontline before I start the clock. That is not the right policy. 
And I would say on balance, this bill will have a couple of things that are good for patients that I'm fully supportive of. But unless Congress wants to harm patients and harm innovation in this industry, they need to change that part of it. It doesn't make sense. It's shortsighted. 
Now they can change it in a couple of different ways. They can determine, okay, what is a floor price or a maximum discount by year and then you can calculate the return on investment that you're going to have on the drug or they can at least make it consistent with biologics that are out of 13 years. 
Otherwise, the investment in small molecule oncology drugs or neuroscience drugs, which Medicare patient populations are highly dependent on new innovative drugs in those areas because their elderly patients are going to suffer. 
And the [ CBO ] report that was published back in April of last year, clearly pointed that out. So this isn't something I'm just saying or industry is just saying. And in fact, if anything, I'd say they probably undercall the magnitude of the impact. 
So this is an important issue. We all know the affordability and access for Medicare patients is important. But you don't need to destroy the innovation model in the process. in order to provide that. And so I'm hopeful that we'll see some movement here and some rationality will play out.

Thanks. And on the epcoritamab question. So I'm not going to go through all of the data points and we've described them several times in the public domain. What I would remind you of is that we've observed extremely robust efficacy in a heavily pretreated population. 
Now it's true to say that 40% of those patients have [ failed ] CAR-Ts, but 60% of those patients didn't [ fail ] CAR-T. Therefore, our expectation, our intention, rather, and as we've mentioned earlier on in Tom's prepared remarks, we are anticipating filing for accelerated approval during the second half year. 
And I think that what you can expect is that we believe that the total population, the total relapsed/refractory population, whether or not they [ fail ] CAR-Ts should have access to epcoritamab because of the strength of the data overall. 
In terms of future positioning, we've also discussed in the past our intention of initiating multiple phase -- additional Phase III, the confirmatory study for the DLBCL application what would be the confirmatory study, the Phase III study is ongoing.  That's in the relapsed/refractory setting. And our anticipation is that we will initiate multiple additional Phase III, both in DLBCL and other indications over the coming 12 to 18 months.

I think if you look at the M&A environment, I think many players are trying to add to their portfolios. I think there's less of an appetite for larger transactions right now in general across the industry. 
Some of that's probably predicated on the fact that the FTC has been pretty tough in their language around larger kinds of transactions and your ability to be able to get those through. And I think as it relates to us, I mean, we have continued to execute the strategy that we put in place after the Allergan transaction. 
Allergan, obviously brought us a tremendous amount of diversity. That transaction has been highly successful and has really changed the look and the shape of AbbVie and it has clearly enhanced our performance, and we've done quite well. 
Our focus is continuing to look for opportunities to be able to fill out our portfolio in areas that we believe there are opportunities to bring in strategic assets. We're probably working more on earlier-stage assets add to our R&D pipeline. Epcoritamab is a good example of the kinds of things that we're out looking for and finding to supplement the overall pipeline and I think that strategy has worked well, and it's a strategy that we'll continue to do going forward. Thank you.