Thank you, Dan, and thank all of you who are joining us today for our Q2 2022 recap. As you read from our earnings release, we had an excellent second quarter. If I were asked to write the news headline describing our release, it would be Coterra Hits Its Stride. With these quarterly results, which are our third since forming Coterra, we have affirmed our commitment to capital discipline, prudent capital allocation and returning free cash to our owners. 
We beat on all 3 product streams: oil, gas and natural gas liquids. This was a result of outstanding organizational execution during the quarter as well as having some great rock. I want to give a big shout out to our organization, particularly our field staff who worked relentlessly during the quarter and brought wells online ahead of their planned first production date. 
Our solid execution was turbocharged by excellent reservoir performance. We continue to see positive results from our spacing configurations, landing zone selections and completion designs. You will also note that we increased our capital guidance for the year. This was a combination of 2 factors, inflation and a modest increase in activity. 
I will discuss these individually. Inflation continues to be a headwind. This includes cost increases for rigs and frac fleets, as our term commitments expire and we move to prevailing rates. Prices for diesel, fuel, steel and sand continued to climb during the quarter. It is hard to point to any significant item that has not seen some level of price increase. 
We are adding a modest amount of incremental activity in the second half of 2022. This includes keeping a third rig running in the Marcellus, where our prior plans called for us to drop back to 2 rigs. In the final analysis, we decided against releasing a high-performing drilling rig in an environment where we had doubts that we could have replaced it with 1 of comparable quality and performance. 
This decision will provide operational momentum and increase optionality as we enter 2023. We are achieving outstanding economic returns from our capital investments in each of our 3 basins. One measure of the quality of returns is project payout time. It has been many years since payout was a meaningful descriptor of our program. 
Our industry has been fooled many times by a strip price file that has ultimately been a mirage and which has, at times, resulted in returns that are lower than pre-drill models. In an environment where we are cautious about future commodity prices and possible global recession, short payout times add a safety backstop through a capital program. 
In 2022, our Permian and Marcellus drilling projects are achieving full project payout in a range between 2 and 6 months. Looking ahead into 2023, Coterra is well positioned for success. Although we are not prepared to discuss specific plans for 2023, we are positioned to deliver on all of our commitments: significant free cash flow generation, the return of at least 30% of cash flow from operations in the form of dividends, supplemental share repurchases and debt reduction and an investment program that generates mid-single-digit growth. In Coterra fashion, we intend to under promise and over deliver. 
We are also pleased to report that we have not relaxed on our mission to significantly reduce our emissions footprint. We are on track to hit our greenhouse gas intensity goals, methane intensity goals and flaring reduction. As of fall of 2021, we have eliminated all routine flaring. 
We also continue to make great progress on our multiyear electrification goals. Fully 2/3 of our Permian wells drilled in 2022 will be drilled by rigs running directly on grid power. We took delivery of a fully electric frac fleet during the second quarter, which we are powering directly off our electrical distribution grid. 
We have begun to pivot to electric compression within our Permian midstream assets and are seeing excellent operational performance. These initiatives are smart, timely and result in significant efficiencies and fuel savings, hats off to our operational staff and vendor partners for championing these creative and impactful technologies. 
And finally, on the macro front, we have not lost sight of the fact that we are in the midst of a growing global energy crisis. Long-term underinvestment in our sector, combined with the rebound in demand, has created a shortage of oil and natural gas and the impacts of which have ricocheted around the world. The war in Europe and growing inflation has exacerbated the problem and impacted those who can least support it. 
Thus far, the response from our policymakers in Washington has been underwhelming. Although we are encouraged by some elements of the recently announced Inflation Reduction Act, we are cautiously studying its many provisions. Our industry and our nation have the capacity to produce clean, reliable, affordable energy that provides energy security to the free world. 
We not only have the ability to accelerate delivery of LNG to the world, we have the responsibility to do so. We need strong leadership and energy policy. We need more pipeline infrastructure, and we need it now. Many of these projects will take years from design to completion, which means that we should get started today, unleash us and watch what we can do. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Scott, who will walk us through a more detailed rundown of our Q2 results.

Well, Matt, we've learned kind of what we've talked about in the past. We believe we can recover the same amount of oil volumes in much of our Permian asset by drilling fewer wells. And so we're seeing a significant increase in capital efficiency, as we widened our spacing. 
And in some areas, we've increased our completion energy. And what we're finding is that as we compare our projects to some offsets, we're tracking right on line with recovery per drilling spacing unit with a lower capital investment. We continue to explore landing zones. 
We've done a lot of science over the years, and we're seeing, I think, good recovery from our [ stacks in ] rock. But as I said in my prepared remarks, all that in great rocks and you have a formula for success. So we're very pleased with the changes we've made over the last couple of years.

Our learning curve in the Upper Marcellus right now is steep, and it's kind of fun. It's nice to have a new landing zone with that kind of potential and kind of a race what you've known that doesn't apply and apply which you've known and directly applies. We're doing some science right now in the Marcellus. We've got a fiber optic project with some downhole pressure sensors, kind of exploring the fracture efficacy of our completions. 
We're very encouraged by what we're seeing in there from Marcellus, and we look forward to bringing those results to the fore as soon as we get a little more production behind us, we want to be conservative and watch these multipad developments before we start high-fiving in ourselves. But the Upper Marcellus is wide open territory. We're very encouraged and look forward to discussing it in the future.

Yes. Well, Arun, we're not prepared to give that specific guidance in 2023. We've got a lot of what if'ing going on right now. We really haven't crystallized final plans. I'll just leave it at that. I hope that answer doesn't surprise you.

We've talked in the past when we first discussed the [ Harky ] last quarter that we think it adds about 5 years of top tier to our inventory. [ Harky ] is terrific. We're seeing outstanding results from it. It's just a very prolific member of a very prolific hydrocarbon section. As you work the Delaware Basin, it's been described to me as a very forgiving basin, but it's also just wonderful in terms of a target-rich environment. So [ Harky ] stands shoulder to shoulder with the best of our landing zones. And we think we've got a lot to do in the upcoming years.

Well, I'll tee it up and let Scott bring it home on this. One of the things I've said is flexibility is the coin of the realm. And one of the nice things, Coterra is we have an absolutely pristine balance sheet, fantastic assets, great return on investment, and that gives us almost embarrassment of riches on options.
We also live in a very uncertain world and that flexibility is going to be really important. I can't tell you when and where, but the span of my career tells me that -- the best laid plans tend to not come through. I was thinking last night of Mike Tyson's famous quote that, "Everybody has a plan till you get hit in the face." And we haven't had our last hit in the face in this industry. Scott?

Well, we're still studying it, Mike. And I know there's been some really good commentary. There's some good commentary this morning in the Wall Street Journal. And I'll say this, I will be surprised if a lot of its current form ultimately survives. 
With respect to the methane fee, there are some concerning provisions in there. It calls for as to conform to EPA requirements that aren't yet published, and it calls for us to conform in the time line that looks like it will predate the effect of new EPA regulations. So that's a bit baffling as to how we're going to comply with that. There's also a provision in there for a methane intensity to be measured by direct measurement, and we are -- we've tried every technology, and we're evaluating a lot of continuous monitoring technologies currently. 
We haven't found one we think is scalable to address that requirement. And so how that 1 ultimately gets implemented, we'll wait and see. We do like the provision that lets it be a corporate methane intensity as close to basin by basin. As far as the alternative minimum tax, there's a lot of provisions of that, that are concerning. And I know others have commented on that. 
And then I'll finish with the addressing of infrastructure in the bill. I think it's a credit to Senator Manchin that there's a pretty strong statement on the infrastructure. There are some confusing elements to that. and we wait to see how that bill survives final passage. So I know that's a wandering answer. 
We're studying it carefully. I'll say this, there's no substitute for sound energy leadership. We really need an energy policy that is coherent, focused and resolute. And I'd like to see that be a whole of government approach and not just a Senate Bill. I'd like to see a little more leadership from the rest of our government on this subject, but we'll see the ball is still in the air on that one.

Scott, do you want to take that one?

Well, your observation is quite spot on, Doug. We do have a lot of gas in our portfolio generally. As you know, the Delaware Basin is very prolific from a gas standpoint. I really -- as I've said over and over, really look at capital allocation in terms of return on invested capital. 
And the Marcellus is absolutely second to none. I mean it's really an outstanding economic fairway. We do have the opportunity to grow a little bit in the Marcellus. I said in my opening remarks, we do need some additional pipelines. 
But from a capital allocation standpoint, based on returns on the Marcellus and the Permian are neck and neck. We've done some interesting analysis on how that changes with different oil and gas price swings. And at current multiple of gas to oil, you could -- with a blindfold on, you could really pick out the basin and really find very comparable returns. 
So we like the revenue balance. We like the geographical balance and we like our capital allocation as it currently stands.

Yes. Well, we've talked at length about the Anadarko and the fact that it's kind of in a rebuilding phase. We've got a couple of projects coming online this year, 1 of which is flowing back now. We're too early in that to really be definitive. 
But I will tell you that we're very encouraged. The Anadarko has an excellent inventory. And quite frankly, we've been in the Anadarko a long time, and we're pretty good at it. So I'm very pleased with what we see. And I think over time, owner of Coterra is going to benefit quite nicely for having that asset in our portfolio.

No. It's all a timing issue. When you bring a well on the second half of the year, you're typically in a area, depending on timing, where you have little impact on that calendar year, and it's just purely a timing issue. The 1 thing we talked in the past is because we starve the Marcellus a little bit for activity, we're doing a little catch-up in the Marcellus. So we look forward to seeing some growth out of the Marcellus, and that will be reflected primarily in '23 and even '24 as we currently model it, but it's all timing.

Well, our -- we're very constructive on gas. I think most watchers are. With growing LNG exports, storage where it is, increased power demand, gas, and I think also a reawakened conversation around the critical role gas has to play in addressing the climate, particularly when it comes to power generation.
I think we're quite bullish on natural gas. Marcellus is a great asset. It's in a great part of the world. And to answer your question is as we look ahead to the next couple of years, I would say we are more constructive on gas than we've probably been in a long, long time.

Well, yes. I mean there's always concerns about takeaway. We certainly couldn't support unbridled growth out of the industry. The region has a greater potential to deliver gas than the market currently has capacity to take away, which is why we say we need some new pipelines. Now as we look at it currently, we could grow a little depending on what our peers do. Production in the 6-county area that's near our Susquehanna County, it's kind of a subregion of the Marcellus, is down a fair amount.
And so we do have some capacity to grow. But we want to be very mindful of that. We don't want to cause activity that would lead to basis blowout. But we're not currently high bound, but I would say over the long term, your question is well taken, we need some additional takeaway capacity out of the basin to deliver what -- where our industry has capacity to.

Well, I think it's going very well. I'll let Scott comment on that also. Probably the laggard is integration of financial accounting systems, which is the right order to do things because of the critical nature of that and the concerns over not dropping the ball on anything as we integrate our financials. But I would say, organizationally, integration is going extremely well. And I'm having a lot of fun. But Scott, do you want to comment on that?

Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are pleased to have discussed our quarter. It was a great quarter. Hopefully, we've been able to reaffirm our commitment to our capital discipline, return of cash to our owners and outstanding assets. So we really do look forward to continuing to perform and updating you as quarters go on. But as I'll finish where I started, Coterra has hit its stride. So thanks, everybody.