Thank you, Rocco, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's First Quarter of 2019 Earnings Call. 
With me are several members of the executive team. 
I would first like to remind everyone that on this morning's call we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. 
Additionally, some of our comments with reference non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. 
Cabot's shareholders have enjoyed a solid start to 2019. During the first quarter, we delivered record levels of operating cash flow, free cash flow, adjusted net income and production underpinned by the continued success from our operations in the Marcellus and our unwavering commitment to disciplined capital allocation and cost control. The first quarter net income was $263 million or $0.62 per share and adjusted net income, excluding selected items, was $3 million -- $308 million or $0.73 per share. This represents a 161% increase in adjusted earnings per share relative to the prior year comparable quarter. 
Free cash flow for the first quarter was $308 million, which was approximately 3.5x the amount from the prior year comparable quarter and greater than our free cash flow generated for the full year in 2018. 
For the trail -- trailing 12 months, we generated a return on average capital employed of 20.4% compared to 8.3% for the trailing 12 months as of the end of the prior comparable quarter, representing an increase of over 1,200 basis points. 
This ROCE of over 20% exceeds the current ROCE for the S&P 500, highlighting Cabot's competitive positioning relative to the broader equity markets. 
Our success for the quarter was driven by higher production levels, improved realized prices and lower operating expenses. 
Production for the quarter of 2.28 billion cubic foot per day was above the high-end of our guidance range and represented an increase of 21% relative to the prior year comparable quarter. 
Natural gas price realizations were $3.35 per Mcf, an increase of 37% when compared to the first quarter of 2018. 
Our price realizations, before hedges, were $0.06 below NYMEX, which was our best corporate-wide differential since the second quarter of 2013. 
Operating expenses decreased to $1.48 per Mcf, a 6% improvement relative to the prior year comparable quarter, primarily driven by lower direct operating expenses, DD&A and interest expense. 
Given our strong free cash flow generation during the quarter, we ended the period with over $300 million of cash on the balance sheet and a net debt to EBITDAX ratio of 0.6x, highlighting significant financial flexibility on continued return of capital to shareholders throughout the year. 
On the return of capital front, we announced a 29% increase in our dividend to $0.36 per share on an annualized basis, representing a 1.4% yield. 
This is our fourth dividend increase in the last 24 months. We expect to continue to increase our dividend methodically with an intent to grow our dividend over time to a yield that is competitive with the broader market. 
Our free cash flow generation over the coming years will certainly be able to support this dividend growth, even under significantly lower natural gas assumptions, should the lower prices occur. 
We remain fully committed to returning a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders this year through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Given it is still early in the calendar year and we have been in blackout period for the majority of the first 4 months of the year, we have not executed on any material share repurchases year-to-date. However, we fully expect to continue to reduce our shares outstanding throughout the year and have significant financial flexibility to be much more active on that front, especially, if we see a continued weakening in natural gas prices that have negatively impacted our share price. 
Moving on to our operations for the quarter. Our Marcellus production increased 25% compared to the prior year comparable quarter. During the quarter, we placed 13 wells on production, all of which were in March, including 7 of the 13 wells that were turned in line the last week of the month. 
We expect to place an additional 18 wells on production during the second quarter, resulting in a production guidance range for the quarter of 2.3 to 2.35 Bcf per day or a 2% sequential increase relative to the first quarter at the midpoint of our guidance range. 
On the pricing front, we have experienced some weakness in the natural gas forward curve as weather-related demand has dissipated in April, which is expected during the spring shoulder season. 
However, we believe there may be upside to the current price levels driven by weather-related demand this summer that would also coincide with the potential increases in exports to Mexico and continued strength in the demand for feed gas from LNG export facilities. 
Lastly, on the production front, we are expecting a slowing of growth in the Northeast and Haynesville, which we should be supportive for prices from a supply standpoint. 
The current strip, including actual NYMEX settlement through April, implies a $2.75 average price for the year, which is directly in line with our budgeted price. 
Based on these prices, we expect to generate over $50 million of hedging revenue for the last 3 quarters of the year through a combination of hedges and fixed-price deals. We have approximately 46% of our volumes locked in from second quarter to fourth quarter, providing some mitigation of potential downside price risk. 
For the full year, we have reaffirmed our 2019 capital budget of $800 million and our production growth guidance of 20% or 27% on a debt adjusted per share basis. At our $2.75 NYMEX budget price for the year, we now expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share growth of 45% to 55%; return on capital employed of 22% to 23%; and free cash flow of $600 million to $650 million, implying a 6% free cash flow yield at the midpoint of the range. 
In closing, I'm proud to report one of the best quarters in Cabot's history, which is a direct result of continued operational excellence in the field, which has driven improved capital efficiency year after year, a marketing strategy that has allowed us to access new markets and significantly improve our differentials without increasing or gathering in transportation costs. A continued commitment to cost controls including divesting higher-cost properties and maintaining low overhead cost and interest expense, the latter of which is supported by one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. And lastly, as I've stated many times before, we truly feel it's paramount to our entire strategic plan, disciplined capital allocation focused on delivering strong returns on and of capital and a competitive growth in the per share metrics. Rocco, with that, more than happy to answer any questions.

Well, we'll have a number of those wells that are scheduled for May. And that's kind of the middle May, so that's pushed out towards the latter part of the quarter. The -- as we bring on these wells, and we bring them on systematically, we don't bring on flush production out of the -- as we unload the wells. So even though we bring them in, say, the middle of the quarter or the latter part of the quarter, we'll still bring them on, and we'll see the majority of that increase probably towards the third quarter.

No, it'd be the -- it'd be a similar comment that I've made previously. We have not seen anything to deter our expectations that the production curve -- the decline curve if you will, would be above what we have out there currently as our 2.9 EUR for the Upper Marcellus, that is holding true with the early time production curve. And quite frankly, we do expect that. But as prudency would necessitate, we're going to get more production before we make a firm statement on that, but we're pleased with what we're seeing, and we're continuing to drill representative wells in that section throughout this year.

Yes. You know we look at it in whole, when you think about our buybacks, we had the first quarter and coming in at the first quarter as we're all aware had strong pricing in December and into the early part of the first quarter, a lot of noise. You had some early warming in the -- and coming into the shoulder month and also during the blackout period. We thought it was prudent to just let all that settle in. We were focused on the dividend increase. We had a discussion with our Board that this is directionally where we want to go. So felt comfortable with our position on buybacks for the first quarter and laying out this dividend increase. And as we go through the year, we'll continue to have Board discussions on how we want to allocate our capital in the form of dividend increases and buybacks, but our comment and our objective of giving back a minimum 50% of our free cash flow is, I feel, certainly is going to occur before year-end.

Yes, thanks, Mike. It's going to be -- I think you'll continue to hear a lot of the chatter and expectations on the M&A side. When we look at our asset, and where -- how we're located, to your point of a single commodity, single basin, single regulator environment, it's 2-edged sword. We're there, but we're there with the, what I think is, probably the best natural gas assets in North America. I think our numbers and financials do reflect that. 
So looking at what we can deliver with just those assets, manage the risk profile of it being single commodity or same jurisdiction. We're comfortable with that, we're comfortable with how we've been able to manage it, and we're comfortable with working through both the regulatory environment and the commodity price expectations that we can still deliver financial results. And when you look at long-term and assess from a Board level, strategic level, Cabot has always made decisions that are, I think, beneficial to shareholders to deliver the maximum value. And any strategic decision we would make would also take that in consideration. If it's good for the shareholder, my job 1, 2 and 3 is to deliver value to the shareholder. And if it's good for the shareholder, my job is to evaluate it. So if it's strategic, it's strategic. If it's doing what we're doing and that's organic growth, delivering value through dividend, increases and buybacks and organic growth with a very clean balance sheet. I think we have one of the best-looking companies on a macro level and delivery to shareholders that you can find out there with a high degree and level of consistency on delivery. So we're happy with the current we have, and again, if there's significant value enhancement in any other direction then I'm paid to look at it.

Yes, thanks, Mike. And I'll let Jeff handle that.

On the -- as far as blackout's concerned?

Well we have a consistent parameters leading up into our year-end numbers and our quarterly release and as we give -- gather the numbers. We provide notice to all of the, as you put it, insider personnel including the Board, a bandwidth that's conservative early, and we allow for a few days for dissemination of the data post release to -- in the blackout. So second quarter is going to be open next week sometime. And we'll be free to do what we want to do at that period of time.

Yes, yes, exactly.

Yes. We have -- our group up there monitors the equipment activity, rigs, frac rigs, and did a -- we get a fairly good feel for, and particularly, in the 6-county area that we focus in, a fairly good level of expectation, the number of the completions that would be coming on. And so our comments are with the benefit of that information. And we certainly feel comfortable and agree with your comment that there is some rationalization going on by the industry, and I think that is prudent, and I think it will continue. Particularly, when you look at the shoulder months that we see. You've seen a fairly good and quick falloff because of the early weather conditions, and that -- and it certainly has bearing on capital allocation and intensity of capital allocated. You also come into this period of the season with maintenance that affects production profiles and forecast, which certainly affects our second quarter numbers a little bit also. So I know we're just -- we think there will be that rationalization and some of the equipment count indicates that also.

Yes. I'll turn that to Jeff.

Well, the biggest competition for cash is Scott. He wants to maybe keep that -- payoff all that debt. But kidding aside, we evaluate the different process that can be employed in dividend management. There are -- and buybacks. There are some that say go ahead and get it -- ratchet it up to the level that you would want it to be. And from a council standpoint or third-party perspective, it seems to be a 2% yield on dividend, seems to be the floor when it comes to evaluating the broader market. And on the buybacks, there is the back and forth between opportunistic and just putting in a consistent program of buybacks, and what is the most effective process to employee in doing that. So -- and we have that discussion at our Board at this point in time. And again, it -- we've had free cash flow the last 3 years. We are now moving into a clear picture with just the Marcellus as our asset. 
Our predictability with again, was just last October with commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise, the certainty of the commodity space and where we think the landing point's going to be, the differences in differential in the Northeast area. We wanted to measure out and with that comfort and a clear path for a -- over a decade of being able to deliver free cash flow. 
I just think, and the Board thinks, at this point in time, though it may be conservative, that representing delivery of 50% of our cash flow in broad terms including dividends and share buybacks is a messaging to The Street that we're going to do it, but we also say that we will get back possibly more than that. And we're comfortable right now taking a gradual step-up in the dividend increase, and we're comfortable right now just having a opportunistic messaging on buybacks. Could that change in the future? Sure it could. We talk about it every Board meeting. A little bit long-winded Brian, don't know if that answers your specifically but we do consider all aspects of how we get back capital.

Yes. We have bandwidth of $2.50 to $3. And if it moves substantially below our bandwidth as an average for the year and any point during the year, we're not going to have a knee-jerk reaction to our capital allocation. We'll continue to look at the macro and make some projections on where we think the strip is going to go. 
But you need to keep in mind that we deliver significant amount of earning and return to the shareholders even below our $2.50 low end that we've used for 2019. I understand the metrics, and I understand the cost, and I understand the return from our peer group out there. And I know that if Cabot gets stressed in any particular way, I think there's going to be a self-correcting mechanism because Cabot can make money below $2, but I'm fairly confident with my knowledge that there's not going to be a lot of money made below $2. And I think it's going to have an impact on the macro environment.

It was a combination of both. It exceeded our realized price expectations, and we did see the significant narrowing in the differential. It was a combo.

No. We monitor all the activity up there, and we do keep an eye on it. And from a decision standpoint and how we monitor or consider capital allocation or strategic opportunity. We look at what the financial returns would be if any investment we've made agnostic quite frankly to the commodity. If we feel like we can deliver significantly more of the same then if it comes through natural gas asset or oil asset, we're indifferent. The benefit, if you do get out of basins, it mitigates the single commodity. If you do also get out of basin, it would probably be an oil consideration also, which also is not only the commodity differential, but it is also out of the jurisdictional confines of PA. So we look at both but 1, 2 and 3 is what deliveries of the financial metrics would occur if we did anything.

Well we went into the 2019 with virtually no hedges. And you -- we ramped up as we have currently and where we stand, we felt like that was an inflection point. The market responded to some of the weather that we had, and we took advantage of some of that. Obviously, prefer offensive hedges prior to the defensive hedges. We will be opportunistic, and we will lock in what deliverables that we have promised, if in fact the market would provide that to us. The runway on some of the hedge is somewhat limited by just the depth of it. You can go out there a good ways, but it's not necessarily always at the price point that we would like to see. So if there is not a lot of depth then we're -- it limits our participation, but if we do see numbers that we appreciate and it helps where we think the macro market will go and it improves our line in that regard, then we're -- we continue to layer in that opportunity to mitigate.

Well we look at it every way, Michael, on how we might place those hedges. And where we think the opportunities would come. And certainly, now with the -- a little bit different index points that we reached today, then we have that added flexibility. There's no minimum position that we'd try to get to if the market is low, and we haven't achieved a level of hedging on our books, we're not going to -- because we set a minimum, we're not going to try to achieve a minimum. If in fact though, back to my point, if it looks like that we can improve our [ life ] from our forecast and the market would give that to us, then we're going to be active in the hedge market. And it -- and the same holds true, we -- really have no minimum that we'd like to get to, and we have no maximum that we would be prepared to get to also. If we see an opportunity to lock in the majority of our volumes under hedge, we would do that.

Well we build into our forecast a percentage of downtime and as a roundabout number, say 10%, and that downtime though does include some of the known maintenance scheduling that Jeff provides through the pipelines that will be incurred and dates are set for preventive maintenance and picking operations or whatever the case might be. So we incorporate that into our sales forecast. If that answers your question.

Yes, we have -- our historical look of the offsets and -- in effects on offset wells are the time it -- that we might shut-in an offset well during a fracking operation, we take that in consideration.

Yes. We just pay between now and the end of the year, a relatively flat service cost. Majority of our costs, as we mentioned before, David, are tied up in annual contracts, while in both the biggest component rigs and completion -- and pumping services. So we expect fairly flattish cost. We continue to try to increase our lateral links based on the geology, geography out there, and we'll continue to do that. We kind of like the zip code we're at from an efficiency standpoint and -- but we do continue to try to squeeze out everything we can if it feels -- if the guys up there in the North region feel like that their process and all the different, not only the operational progress that we've made in the past and the learning we've had in the past, but any new ideas that they have out there, which we do and are trying several right now that's not ready for prime time. We'll implement, and hopefully we can continue to gain the efficiencies that we've been successful in doing in the past.

Yes. We have given our guidance and feel like going into '20, we're going to be in a similar area at least with our expectations today and similarly. And it ties back to Jeff's comment about some of the conversations that we have and are having on in-basin demand projects. It also ties-in to what we think others are having in in-basin demand projects and the overall macro position on equipment and what we anticipate will be strong rationalization by the operators up in that neck of the woods. We do anticipate the differentials to stay in the same range that we are today.

Well the -- when you look at it at approximately 10.5-or-so -- 10 Bcf a day at this point in time. And in PA, we look at the level of equipment activity out there. And in the Haynesville area, as you're well aware that the majority of the operators there right now are private operators and activity driven through the private sector. And I think the idea of continue allocation and particularly if you get a soft spot into the strip, and you get reduction in the natural gas price as we're seeing right now; it would be my bet, and our bet, that from a private operator allocation perspective, that a continued ongoing contribution at the levels that they had seen going into the end of '18 and ramping up with several objectives in mind, whether it would be to increase production because of anticipation of higher commodity price or increasing production with the idea of IPOs opening up. I think that was an activity driver and could still be an activity driver. But in that combination, I do think there is a likelihood that there will be a little bit less activity as we move forward at the levels that it's at right now.

Well, we plan on an, as Scott said, we plan on having a measured growth on an organic basis. We plan on augmenting growth on a per share basis with our return of capital to shareholders. And from a program perspective and confidence level of what we deliver, we feel like that, that measured growth and a capital allocation program that allows for one that particular growth and the amount of cash flow generation to that yield perspective, which is in 2019, we anticipated around 6%. We think that is a good landing point at this stage. And with the additional give back to shareholders, we think that we will be able to attract incremental dollars from outside of a traditional energy investor and compete with the broader market. So from a design standpoint, without having issues with our -- and uncertainty attached to our program, keep in mind, we're doing this with 3 rigs and 2 frac crews, so the complications of a operation is very, very low and our results are very consistent. So we feel good about that. How we manage this financial side is along the lines that we've discussed. And we'll continue to be able to do that, again, into the next decade.

Thank you, Rocco, and thank you for your interest in Cabot this morning. And as a closing comment, the good news, assuming you like discipline in capital allocation, earnings and production growth, free cash flow, share buybacks, increased dividends, if you like all of that the good news is that you can expect more of the same from Cabot in the future. So thanks again. We look forward to visit next quarter.