Thank you, Caterina, and thank you to all for joining us this morning. By all measures, Coterra had an outstanding quarter First quarter results were driven by a nice production beat and strong commodity prices. Our assets performed well as evidenced by our production coming at the high end of our guidance. We generated $961 million of free cash flow during the quarter and prosecuted our capital program with less than 30% of our cash flow from operations. 
For the full year 2022, we currently project discretionary cash flow of $5.9 billion with our total 2020 -- excuse me, total 2022 capital program coming in at less than 30% of cash flow, leaving almost $4.5 billion in free cash flow. We were pleased to declare an ordinary dividend of $0.15 per share and a variable dividend of $0.45 per share for a total cash dividend of $0.60 per share. 
Furthermore, we launched our share buyback program in the first quarter, buying in 7.6 million shares totaling $184 million. Taken together, this resulted in a return of 69% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. My remarks will cover a few high-level areas of interest. The outlook for inflation, the outlook for commodity prices and the role of the E&P sector in responding to the growing demand for oil and natural gas. 
First, a few thoughts on inflation. As with all of our peers, we are seeing significant inflation in the oil field. Pricing for drilling rigs, completion crews, fuel, sand, labor, oilfield services and trucking are all moving upward. Lead times for ordering tubulars, compressors, electrical equipment, production equipment and line pipe are in many instances, 12 to 14 months from order to delivery. Premier drilling rigs and premier completion crews are in short supply. Overall, we are seeing inflation moving towards 15% to 20% when comparing fiscal year 2022 to 2021. 
Although we are pushing back with operational efficiencies, inflation is putting pressure on our capital guidance range. For now, we are holding our capital guidance at the previously announced $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range for the full year. There are, however, some bright lights. Wherever we can, we're powering our Permian drilling rigs with grid electrical power. 
All 6 of our Permian rigs are capable of running from grid power, 75% of our 2022 Permian drilling locations will be powered off the grid, which saves an estimated $50,000 per well or $4.3 million gross. We will also see significant savings from our first grid-powered frac crew, which arises late Q2. 
Now a few words on commodity prices. For the first time in a decade, we are seeing support for oil and natural gas prices that is driven by long-term fundamental supply and demand outlook. For many years, any conversations on global oil supply ultimately pivoted to a conversation of what OPEC+ would do. 
Suddenly, the conversation is about the consequences of long-term underinvestment in replacing oil reserves and production. This has led to constructive thinking on long-term oil pricing by thoughtful, informed analysts and investors. Natural gas vital role in world power generation has returned as a welcomed hot topic. The world is ill prepared to meet ambitious climate goals and natural gas is a necessary part of the solution. That coupled with affordability and accessibility make natural gas and U.S. LNG exports, a vital component to world energy supply. 
Energy security has returned as a top concern and U.S. natural gas has a leading role to play in global energy security and U.S. geopolitical influence. We have seen solid support in natural gas prices, natural gas optimism and a serious discussion on the long-term role of U.S. natural gas in the world arena. Coterra is well positioned to contribute to this critical need for U.S. natural gas and U.S. LNG exports. 
Finally, a few words on the E&P sector's ability and willingness to respond to increasing demand. The U.S. E&P operator has proven to be remarkably resilient through times of crisis. It is through times of plenty that we have stumbled through lack of discipline and over investment. As a consequence, our sector has created an environment of boom and bust cycles, each peak and trough setting the stage for the next cyclic response. 
Shale 3.0 and the investor sentiment around it has been a sea change in our business. Our investors have been clear. They want us to be disciplined in both high and low commodity price environments and be proactive in returning cash to our shareholders.  In a clear and unequivocal way, our shareholders have telegraphed that they want a changed behavior out of us. We have listened and have responded with conviction around the advised approach to disciplined investing. 
Now we find ourselves in a global energy crisis. Starting last summer, natural gas prices and much of the world spiked owing to demand that was brought on by underperformance of renewables and restricted supply into Europe. Now the terrible tragedy in Ukraine and the loss of Russian oil and gas supplies have led to an energy crisis unlike anything the world has seen in almost 50 years. 
In order for the U.S. E&P sector to respond with increased U.S. supply, we need well-thought-out regulation and policies that encourage responsible resource development and infrastructure build-out. We need pipelines, which will take new legislation and cooperation from all stakeholders including federal and state legislature and regulators as well as the American public. Also, we need our investors to respond and encourage responsible growth. 
Lastly, we need the American public to realize that we, as employees of U.S. E&P companies are Americans first and we will do everything we can to meet our patriotic duty. Cooperation between all parties, including the E&P industry is essential for global energy security and the long-term health of our industry. 
Coterra stands ready to engage in these tough challenges. We have the assets, the organization, the talent and the wherewithal to do what we do best, solve difficult problems. And we will do that in partnership and conversation with our owners.
With that, I will turn the call over to Scott Schroeder, our Chief Financial Officer.

Well, Neil, I appreciate the question. I'll tee it up and then turn it over to Blake to comment on Waha. We are -- as you -- I hope are not surprised, we're very constructive on natural gas. Now of course, both commodities are [ backward-dated ] if you look at the strip, but we've seen support for natural gas well above what we've seen in recent years. And we see that as a response to fundamentals. As I said in my opening remarks, I think there is a growing awareness of the critical need for natural gas and the market is responding accordingly. So we are very constructive on natural gas and really pleased to see the support it's achieved. 
Now you asked me if I worry about Waha. Neil, I worry about everything, it's what I do. But we're not panicked. We think that the market will adjust and that a lot of the fears that are currently in the air are going to prove to be overblown. But to that, I'm going to let Blake comment on Waha.

No. Yes, that was clear, I hope, on what we said, yes.

Again, Nitin, I'm going to turn this over to Blake, but we have studied the LNG markets hard. And one thing that I will say at Coterra is I'm very proud of our marketing group. They've been creative. They've been adaptive and they've been pretty nimble. And they've done a deep dive for us, and I'll let Blake summarize the marketplace as we see it.

Well, of course, Nitin, we filed that 10b5 before we went into a quiet period. And we'll talk -- as Scott has said, at our next quarter release on what action it spurred, but we're -- I'll say this, Nitin, we are constantly having to rethink mid-cycle pricing. Classically, we entered the year with 55 and 275 being our definition of mid-cycle pricing, and for a certain period of last fall, that sounded fairly aggressive to us. 
And now when you look at that today, you would say, boy, that's a pretty conservative view of mid-cycle pricing. We don't like to get in the business of publicly speculating on the value of a Coterra share. And with that, Scott, why don't you comment on this?

And Nitin, I'll just wrap that. We are extremely constructive on Coterra as you can -- I hope will not surprise you. We're extremely constructive on our asset performance. We're constructive on our inventory, and we're really constructive on our positioning in the cyclic market in oil and natural gas. I mean it's all where we want to be. 
That said, when we launched the buyback, we want to pursue it aggressively, but we just feel like it ought to be tempered at some mid-cycle pricing. So the answer to your question is more about what do we think mid-cycle ought to be rather than are we bullish on Coterra at our current share price.
I think with my opening remarks on the constructiveness on commodities and they're underpinned by supply-demand fundamentals, it's been a long time since I've been able to say that. And so this mid-cycle pricing in the last couple of years has been a best guess of what the median is in a huge oscillating commodity market. And now suddenly, it looks like we have some ground support. And so I think we're all watching and rethinking how we ought to view what mid-cycle means. And that's kind of where we are. But we are extremely bullish on Coterra.

Well, I'll tee it up, and then I'm going to let Blake comment. We always have built relationships, Arun. I think you know that. We've had many times when relationships cost us a little and many times when they benefit. And we are long-term planners. We're long-term thinkers. And we like to have relationships through thick and thin. And so we don't wake up every morning in panic. We've got some really good partners out there in the oil field service space. 
Blake, why don't you comment on supply chain?

And Arun, if I could just follow on with that. Blake mentioned 2 elements. One is cost inflation, but the other is just supply chain bottlenecks. And cost inflation, that's just out there and hard to fully predict. But we can do something about supply chain bottlenecks by careful planning, by ordering ahead, by making sure that we have conversations with our partners and let them plan, as Blake said, we did pre-buy our sand, and we are preordering a lot of stuff for 2023. We're -- it's just remarkable the extension in lead time between order and delivery. So we're on top of it as we look into '23 and beyond. And we're doing multiyear planning, and we've got a good head start on this.

Well, in some sense, I'm going to answer it describing it embarrassment of riches. One of the great things about having a deep inventory is we really can make decisions around capital returns and not worry about any other issues. So we do rank our inventory. And we're certainly going to fund from the best returns down. So a lot of that lower inventory stuff is still going to be lower in the ranking. But Marcellus, [indiscernible] they are all competing for those top slots. And we are going to be aggressive in just waking up every day and putting capital where it needs to flow. And that's something, Arun, you've heard from us for a long, long time.

Well, I'll tee it up and then invite maybe Scott will want to comment. But we do see second quarter flattish and then we'll have a little bit of growth into Q3 and Q4. There is a little dip in the year, but that's just around project timing. It's around pad size. There's nothing organically problematic to it. As we get into longer laterals and larger pads, this is just nature of the beast. Scott?

Well, it's -- I wish I could tell you we had some formula or machine learning algorithm to do this, but we -- it's a judgment call. And this quarter, we were pleased to have a combined ordinary and variable dividend and exceeded what we paid last quarter, but we also took into consideration the progress we've made in our buyback and the progress that we hope to make on our buyback. So we did want to keep a little dry powder in terms of cash. But, Jeanine, it's a judgment call. and there's no absolute right answer. Scott, do you have any wisdom I missed there?

Well, we've had very constructive conversations, and thank you for that question, in Washington. But also, we were recently on a non-geo roadshow and engaged with a lot of our owners, and those were really good conversations. And I will say that I hope you glean from my remarks that it's not just one string you can pull here. Look, I think the solutions here are self-evident and I think everybody knows it. I just don't think we have the collective will to execute it. 
We need infrastructure. We need support broadly from our regulators, from our investors. We're not going to stray from investors here. I absolutely going to stay close to our owners on this topic. We need support out of the American public, and we need the will to solve this problem. The American producers ready to do our part. 
And I'll just say again, it is not a complex problem. That is perhaps the most discouraging part of this whole situation. We have the resources, U.S. onshore and offshore to return to global dominance in terms of energy leader. We're ceding geopolitical influence in ways that are unnecessary and we need leadership. But we also need people to just come together and solve the problem, and we're ready to do our part. And I think our owners are too. 
We're say, we're not going to stray from our owners. We're going to certainly be in constant communication with our owners. But we're not talking about returning to the I think irresponsible capital days of [ york ]. And a lot has changed in our business. One is a lot of our projects pay out in a very short amount of time. So we're not talking about years to pay out. We're talking about months on some of these projects. 
And so that's going to change your thinking on risk of capital allocation. But we just need some very thoughtful people helping solve this problem. But thank you for that question, Holly.

Yes. Mike, I'll handle that one. This really isn't a new shale in the basin. It's one that a number of other operators are drilling. It's in the Bone Spring section. And historically, we've drilled second Bone Spring -- excuse me, Third Bone Spring sand and at Second Bone Spring sand, and it's a shale that lies in that Bone Spring section. It is a shale, it's a sand up in Eddy County, New Mexico, and then it goes into a shale in Culberson, Reeves and Loving County. 
We at Coterra, at legacy Cimarex, we drilled our first test in it in late 2019, brought it online in December of that year and had a very, very nice result. So we've tested in a number of places and have had outstanding success. We really brought -- or bringing a nice project on now that is 4 wells per section. We see this landing zone as probably 4 to 6 wells per section and it adds significantly to our top-tier inventory, somewhere, I think adding 5 years of top-tier inventory would not be a stretch, just this landing zone alone. It's not -- it grades in quality, but it's really good. Second tier is really good here. 
So we've been excited about it for a while. It's the first time we publicly discussed it, but we have results to talk about. And we're really looking forward to just adding this in our toolkit for generating and developing great return on capital.

I am very comfortable with pushing that number higher. Now yes, how I view it, Mike. And I'm going to be clear with you as you're always expecting to be. I view it completely through a lens of what's the best business decision. And I know from time to time that it's very difficult for the external world to understand lumpiness in production and the production cadence, that's not just smooth and consistently up to the right. And I wish that were the way the world works, but it's not the way the world works. 
These larger pads really make sense from a capital efficiency standpoint, from a land disturbance standpoint, from a return on capital standpoint but also from an emission standpoint. By centralizing our facilities, we have the opportunity to reduce our number of emitters, centralize them and really deliver the cleanest barrel in the world.
And so I think about it in terms of what's the best business decision and going to a larger number of wells per pad can be the best business decision. I mean it's not always the best business decision because it also extends your lead time from first spud to first production. 
But we -- the answer to your question is, how do I think about it? It's the absolute best business decision. And I always take the approach that we're going to make good business decisions. And I'd rather explain a good business decision than react to a market that doesn't understand and so make a poor one. So that's the way we think about it.

Well, I'll tee it up, and I'm going to turn it over to Blake. I am just so pleased with the technical integration that's going on at Coterra. In fact, there's a team in Pittsburgh today that's reviewing a lot of the machine learning that we've pioneered. Machine learning has become a really important part of our completion design and that's something I really look forward to discussing in greater detail in future years. But there's just such a great spirit of technical curiosity that's shared between our Anadarko, our Permian and our Marcellus business unit. And from that collaboration, everybody gets better. But Blake, why don't you just comment on that?

Yes, Doug, we're looking at that now. We're getting a head start on 2023. But yes, I would not be surprised to see us pivot capital into the Marcellus. It's a remarkable asset with remarkable returns. And as I said earlier, it's kind of an embarrassment of riches. We've got so many great choices and I challenge our organization to make our job difficult on capital allocation. And boy, they're taking me for my word on that, we've got some really good options.

Doug, you giving me way too much credit for financial engineering if that were capital allocation.

Scott, I'm going to let you handle that one.

Neal, you came in pretty scratchy there. But your question is on the upper Marcellus and inventory. As we have previously discussed, we're currently flowing back some Upper Marcellus tests. We're very encouraged by what we see. I haven't changed my thinking on the Upper Marcellus. I really like the Upper Marcellus. I think it's going to surprise to the upside. We have a very broad, deep inventory there. 
But it's an interesting problem. It is different than the Lower Marcellus and may involve some different completion techniques. It's part of the what the team is discussing today. It's a big fix section and not bound as much as the Lower Marcellus. And we're going to be experimenting to optimize it. But it's a tremendous source rock, and I think it's going to be everything that we've hoped it would be. I mean we really do have very good data that backstops our optimism on there from Marcellus.

Well, are those my only 2 choices?

Okay. All right. We really do look at it from a 0 start. I mean there's no capital in our program that has a permanent placeholder. We look at asset performance, we look at particular projects and what they can deliver. We look at market conditions. And if we think there are any overprints on marketing, that can be basis, can be restraints along those lines. 
But we are extremely constructive on oil and natural gas. Now that said, in the midst of all this optimistic talk, and I'm probably the most optimistic on the call, I want to remind everybody that we haven't repealed the commodity cycles. And it's not like we said to ourselves, well, we don't have to worry ever again about prices cycling downward. 
We probably -- as I said in my opening remarks, the fundamentals look fantastic. But look, nobody should follow me around on this topic. I'm not aware of too many experts out there that have consistently gotten it right. So the diversity of our assets, the diversity of our exposure to the commodity and our ability to pivot capital is really important to us. We don't want to put all of our eggs in one basket regardless whether that basket sits in Midland or Pittsburgh. 
And the fact that we have absolutely stellar returns, quick payouts and such great operating teams in really 3 different basins is everything that was our rationale for building Coterra. And now more than ever, we are convinced that Coterra is fit for our times.

Thank you, Cheryl. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to continuing to deliver great results. As you know, we like talking about results and we're going to be working hard to consistently generate them, which is the theme that form Coterra. I want to wish everybody the best and thank you for your support and thank you for a lot of very good questions this morning. Thanks, everybody.