Thank you, Dan, and thank you all for joining us today for our third quarter 2022 recap. At third quarter end, Coterra completed our first full year as a new company. We've made remarkable progress and have established a consistent operating rhythm, a spirit of collaboration and teamwork, our commitment to excellence and a common economic language throughout the company. We've developed new methodologies, learn from one another and are building a culture of technical excellence, capital discipline, transparency and open and productive debate.  
We are deeply proud of the organization and the progress we've made. It all starts in the field, 100% of our assets are in the field, and the top-notch field staff is foundational to an excellent operating company. I want to give a shout out and a big thank you to our field personnel whose perseverance in hostile environments inspires us all.  
During the past week, I visited Coterra field offices in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, Carlsbad, New Mexico and Oklahoma. It is impossible to spend time in these offices without coming home fired up by the commitment that our field team has to the company and to one another. Their passion for excellence, safety and environmental stewardship reflects the heartbeat of Coterra.  
We had a great third quarter. As we announced last night, we reported total production on a BOE basis that was above the high end of our guidance. More importantly, we had excellent economic returns in all 3 operating basins. Our Permian, Marcellus and Anadarko business units all posted outstanding economic returns in spite of inflationary headwinds. We reported earnings of $1.51 per share. We declared a fixed plus variable dividend of $0.68 per share, which was an increase over the second quarter.  
We continue to execute on our buyback with approximately 60% of the authorization now complete, and we retired $874 million of long-term debt. All in, we returned a total of $1 per share during the third quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We have now executed on our return promises for a full year and look forward to making this behavior routine. 
We are hard at work planning our 2023 capital program. All 3 of our business units have fielded options that allow us to continue to generate top-tier returns while maintaining flexibility. Although we will not be announcing specifics of our 2023 capital program until our fourth quarter update, we are working on plans that preserve the flexibility to accelerate or decelerate as conditions warrant. We will accomplish this with a mix of rate and frac crews under both long-term contracts and short-term agreements. Although we're optimistic about 2023 and beyond, we're not good at predicting commodity prices or inflation, and we will be prepared to adapt to changing conditions up or down. As I have said, flexibility is the coin of the realm in the commodity business.  
A few words about inflation. We currently project total well costs in 2023 increasing 10% to 20% on a dollar per foot basis year-over-year. Individual line items, which include rig rates, frac crews, sand, tubulars, fuel and labor may exceed these ranges, but our projected total well costs are a function of our particular timing and particular efficiencies. Although we will continue to fight inflation with efficiencies, longer laterals and optimal pad designs, we do not have a silver bullet here. We are market takers.  
The good news is that once we arrive at a total capital number for 2023, we have the asset quality to generate excellent returns in spite of these inflationary headwinds. You will also note that we disclosed some recent flowback data from a 9-well Marcellus development, 7 Upper Marcellus wells and 2 Lower Marcellus wells. This project also contains 3 fully bound infill wells drilled at an 800-foot well spacing, allowing us the opportunity to study well-to-well interference. We also studied communication between the upper and the lower Marcellus. There were 11 existing lower Marcellus wells underlying this project and offsetting the new Upper Marcellus wells. Those wells have tuned a total of 127 Bcf, coming online between 2012 and 2019. So that was pre-existing production in the Lower Marcellus under these new Upper Marcellus wells.  
We're pleased to announce that we see little to no communication between the Upper and Lower Marcellus wells, confirming our thesis that the Purcell limestone that separates them serves as an effective frac barrier. This will be very important to our future development of the Upper Marcellus. Plus, owing to the lower dollar per foot cost of the Upper Marcellus wells, the economic returns of the lower and upper Marcellus are comparable at a flat $4.25 NYMEX gas price.  
We will continue to delineate the Upper Marcellus and seek to enhance further capital efficiencies by optimizing spacing and completion parameters. We are very encouraged with the economic learnings from this important test.  
Finally, let me comment on the Marcellus reserve revision that we discussed in our release. This was a culmination of bringing the teams together from both legacy companies, establishing technical consistency and applying learnings from across Coterra's 3 basins. These expected revisions are spread over the 50-year life of producing wells. For new wells, the difference between our revised forecast parameters and the original forecast parameters have minor differences within the first 5 years of production, when 80% of the net present value of a new well is captured.  
Furthermore, these expected revisions will have no material impact on our near-term cash flow, capital allocation or ability to deliver on the return of capital promises that we have made.  
I also want to highlight that last night, we released our first Coterra sustainability report, which can be found on our website. We hope that you will find it to be readable, crisp and factual. It reflects our commitment to be the very best and to communicate with authenticity and integrity.  
With that, I will turn the call over to Scott, who will recap a great quarter.

Well, thank you for that question, Jeanine. We don't have any specifics. I will say your observation is spot on. We're very pleased by the Upper, and we're also pleased by the economics of the Upper. As we look at the Marcellus, there are a lot of factors that come into play. One is, we are kind of finishing out that lower and our choices of pads is also a function of our system line pressure where we have compression capability.  
I think you'll see us have a sizable mix of Upper in our portfolio going forward. Sizable is somewhere 30% to 40%, but we're still working on that. We would like to continue to delineate, but thus far, we're pretty encouraged as you can see. You also rightly noted our Permian is firing in all cylinders. So we're -- right now, we have a lot of options in front of us for 2023. We've got some outstanding economic returns. We'll look forward to continuing to work it. But yes, we don't really have anything definitive to say this morning on how we're going to allocate capital.

Yes. No. Thank you for that, Jeanine. When you bring 2 teams together, there's lots of differences. There's differences in operating techniques, differences in safety philosophy. There are differences in incentive systems. There's differences in technical analysis. So we really set to work October 1, 2021 of just reconciling a lot of these differences. And we brought some new techniques and technologies. We learned from one another. 
But I will say, one of the things you've heard me talk about in the past is this annual look back we do. And it really wasn't until the third quarter that we were able to look at the kind of the systemic issue of the reserves in a light that was, I think, new to many of our colleagues that have worked the Marcellus for a long time. And it really was third quarter when we said, okay, this is worth digging into. And we had all the experts in the room.  
But I really want to say, and hopefully this came out from our remarks, we really see this as having little to modest financial impact. In fact, we're saying it's not a material event. There is certainly no impairment involved with it, and the DD&A is extremely modest. We also don't see it really impacting our cash flow significantly over the next 3 to 5 years. And now you may say, well, how do you say that?  
Well, you cannot take reserve forecast and just immediately translate it into a cash flow forecast. And the reason is that field in Susquehanna County is very complex. You have line pressure issues, you have parent-child effects, you have occasional shut-ins that you have to deal with. So what happens is our team in Pittsburgh takes the projects they're going to drill, and they take it into a system-wide model and see what it's going to generate in terms of a production forecast. And that -- although that starts with a base reserve forecast, you do look at all the various things that are going to impact that. Those reserves are going to be produced over a 50-year time frame, but over a 3-, 5-, 10-year time frame, the actual production, actual cash flow is going to be based on particulars of the field hydraulics and field situation.  
So for many, many years, and certainly for Coterra's history, our cash flow forecasts have come from that field level analysis and the actual operating conditions on the ground. And so we don't see this as having a material impact to our cash flow forecast over the next 3 to 5 years.  
Now in fairness to your question, over that 50-year life, that gap is going to be closed, but that differential is decades out in the future in the well life. So this is not a significant impact on our cash flow as we go forward. Certainly won't impact our capital allocation, but we did the analysis in the third quarter, and we felt like, okay, we saw it at least we could define ranges with certain confidence and we thought it was our responsibility to communicate it, and that's why we came out this morning.

Well, that's a great question, and I'll invite Blake Sirgo here to join me in the answer. One of the things -- we look at this very carefully. Now obviously, in the Permian Basin, oil is our dominant revenue. And in fact, part of the problem in the Permian Basin is gas is kind of a byproduct and oil is such a dominant part of the revenue that it's associated gas, but the drilling decisions are really driven by that oil.  
We've taken great pains over the years and our marketing group and Blake can comment on this, has been very effective in giving us assuredness of flow. Waha pricing is a very small exposure to our overall corporate price structure. But the critical issue is, we feel very confident saying that we have assuredness of flow. And regardless of that basis, we think our wells will flow and will be able to capture that oil revenue, which is really foundational to the investment decision. But Blake, I'll let you comment on that.

Arun, what I can tell you is, in something like this, the value impact is significantly less than the volume impact. I think that's probably clear to everybody. But I just want to say, although we've come out and we've really tried to give ranges that we think are going to be -- we're going to -- we think they're realistic. This is really a fourth quarter process. And we want to finish our reserves. We've got an auditor that we'd like to get their reserve audit. We have a lot of remaining work to finish that out. And if I could indulge you to hold that question until we're finished in the fourth quarter, I think we can be pretty forthcoming. But we think the ranges we've given are realistic, and we're kind of coming out of a quarter early on reserve talk.

I don't think that this has any impact on it. Now I will say it depends whether you're talking about the Upper or Lower. I mean, as we're finishing out the lower, as we've talked in the past, we're dealing with situations where we may have shorter lateral lengths. We have up space, but we are infilling islands of undrilled, so we have some constraints -- and that will inevitably probably lead to a slight decrease in capital efficiency over what we're all used to. But that's just kind of the nature of the beast. We think it's most prudent within the field because of our infrastructure requirements to go ahead and as we continue to poke around in the upper, we're going to finish out that lower. But we don't see the issue on reserves having any material effect on that issue at all.

Loud and clear, Neal.

Well, our team is looking at that right now. We've challenged them. I may contradict my answer to the last question. We're filling out the lower, but we've challenged them to really look at that infrastructure and let's just try to break them old and do it in the most profitable way. 
So always, we like to rank our opportunities and do the best first and work our way down the ladder there on economic value. So it's really -- it's a complex function of infrastructure, compression availability and we're going to try to be active on our best opportunities, but I appreciate your comments. We really are quite pleased with what we're seeing out of the Upper. And we're going to try to fit as much of that in as we can. But you just have to kind of wait until we announce our 2023 program. We've got some really bright people working on the best economic model they can field.

Boy, Neal, [Indiscernible] is the hard. Words like ample acreage and content just don't sit well with it. Look, we've got a very deep inventory in all of our basins. We're -- in fact, I was reviewing that in some detail this morning. We're very pleased with our inventory. But we're also pretty high on Coterra's ability to be an outstanding operator. And I mentioned our field staff, I mentioned our outstanding scientists throughout this organization. 
If we had the opportunity to acquire more assets at an entry price that add value for the Coterra shareholder, we would do it. We look at everything. We are highly curious as an organization -- and but we're just not going to try to play financial games with that. It's going to have to be something that adds real sustainable value over cycles. And it's my hope and intent that we're going to find something. Let me  dismiss  by saying, it's not a goal. It's an ongoing kind of wish. We don't lay down markers on an annual basis and say, let's go buy something. I mean that's kind of a dangerous way to manage. We want to be opportunistic.

Well, we are -- inflation is having an impact. I will say, 2021, the economics were lights out as good as it gets. Certainly, we've seen a little softening in commodity prices as we look into 2023, and we've seen inflation. But you kind of have to put things in context. 
As we look at the plans that have been laid in front of us in 2023, the economics on any normalized decade-long historical look are really, really strong. We have a lot of things to do. We've asked each one of our business units to kind of give us a small, medium and large. We're small as maintenance, and then we look at various options and so that we can mix and match and form the best capital program we can. 
Yes, we talked earlier about 2022 being largely underway when we form Coterra, that's not the case with 2023. So we truly do have options to construct the best program possible. We've -- you heard me say in my opening remarks, we have services under contract that gives us flexibility. Because as we look at '23, boy, if anybody in this call can tell us what '23 can look like, we'll get you at the front of the line here. 
We've got commodity price uncertainty. We also have inflation uncertainty. We have world economic outlook that's uncertain and global demand. So I'm not being tried when I say flexibility is going in the realm. We will enter '23 with services under our control that would allow us to accelerate or decelerate, and we'll have flexibility. Really, we're working this hard. We -- one thing I can promise you is that 2023 will be a very profitable program or we won't make the investments. And right now, as we model it, we're going to have a lot of options within a very wide band of potential capital -- total capital and where we allocate it. I just look forward to coming out with some detail once we really make these commitments to our business units.

Well, it kind of depends where you are in the basin. The Harkey is excellent compared to the Wolfcamp. I mean, they're neck and neck. Of course, the Wolfcamp is -- I mean, look, there's a lot of variability in Delaware Basin. So it's kind of hard to average. But if you had to choose between really great Wolfcamp A or Harkey, it'd be like asking which one of your kids you like best. It's a really tough choice.

Well, when you look at the Marcellus program, obviously, like any shale basin, it over time, gravitated to a higher percentage of child infill wells. So if you look at just the complex -- the makeup of the drilling programs over the last few years, we're -- for the last number of years has been drilling a majority of infill wells. 
So to your question, I mean, a lot of it is, of course, driven by the behavior of infill wells. We're doing a lot. We're looking at changing our spacing as we've talked about in the past. We're also -- we had a really good technical meeting in Pittsburgh a couple of weeks ago and they're doing some great work revisiting our completions. And we think we may have some optimization by rethinking that. But I mean it's driven by well performance and well performance is mostly infill wells because that's been a completion of our program.

Yes, Doug, we -- as we map the Purcell, it is, we think, reasonably thick over almost all of our asset. We're talking 40, 50 feet generally. So we don't see an area in our asset where we would have heightened concern about the Purcell not being a frac barrier. Now if you zoom out and you look at the region outside of our asset that statement is going to change. The Purcell does then, and there are areas around us where the Upper and Lower Marcellus behave as one continuous petroleum system. We don't think that's going to be the case on our asset. Doug, you know us well. I want to be very careful with how I answer that question. 
With our best technology right now, and we've got a fair number of tests where we've put tracers and looked at communication across that Purcell barrier. With our best information now, we have a high degree of confidence that, that statement is true. And as we look at the area, we think it's going to be repeatable across the area. But that is one thing that we will be testing as we look at additional Upper Marcellus wells. I always want to be careful of getting ahead of ourselves on what we believe against what we know. I mean, based on all our technical experience, we believe that Purcell is going to be frac barrier, and all of our experiments today have confirmed that. But we will update you. We feel very confident today in saying that the Upper Marcellus will be an independent petroleum system from the lower, and will be developed without significant interference.

Now different areas are going to behave differently. And I don't want to comment on another operator, but that comment doesn't surprise me. We see our area is somewhat unique in that Purcell and the thickness across our area. We think codevelopment would not be the right approach. And in fact, we also think that the fact that we have that barrier really allows us to take more efficient use of our infrastructure, because we have compression and field hydraulics. And if we were required to codevelop that would be a much more challenging complex problem. So the fact that we've got that Purcell frac barrier is really, I think, an important part of our economic development. So we just think we're in a different area, Doug.

Well, yes, thank you, Paul. The -- yes, when it comes to M&A, first and foremost, we would like to find some things that compete for capital in a reasonable time frame. And you wake up every morning and rethink every problem, at least in a changing world, if you don't, you're making a mistake. It's kind of tough for us to just say flat out. We will not consider anything if it doesn't have the kind of returns that are currently in our inventory, because if that's our criteria, we're done. There's very little out there that competes with our inventory.
So we want to thank decades in the future and find assets that we think are more valuable in our hands than the current order, which is another way of saying that we think we might be able to buy it right and create value through that. And that's a really, really high bar. So I -- we remain opportunistic, but we're fortunately, because of the depth of our inventory under no pressure here. 
As far as your second part of the question to geography, we're a multi-basin company. We're a multi-commodity company. So we know how to play and how to manage a company that's geographically spread out. In fact, we think it's one of the strengths of Coterra and we think over time, the marketplace will see how that strength produces more consistent results over time. But there are some things that we want to be careful of. There are some operating environments that are more difficult. There are some areas that are more politically difficult. And so we would be selective in terms of what new areas we would look at. But we know how to manage multi-basin company, and that wouldn't deter us if it checked out the boxes. 
But that said, I want to just finish with the statement I made, because of the depth and quality of our inventory, we have the luxury of really forcing ourselves to have a high bar and make sure that anything we look at is in the best interest of the owners.

Well, I mean, these are a lot of hypotheticals here because the M&A question is always one that -- it's an optionality. It's not necessarily something that we have specifics to talk about, but the integration is going very, very well. Our teams, as I said in my opening remarks, are really coming together. And the fun thing from my standpoint is that there's really an organic cooperation that's leveraging the great ideas and experience of all of our organization as they get to know one another. And there's a lot of power in that. Good ideas are not regionally constrained when you have a lot of cross-company collaboration. And what was the first question?

Our preference is generating profits and profitable investments. And we do like a commodity mix just because of the swing in the commodity that was part of the thesis in forming Coterra. We're roughly balanced between liquids and natural gas on a revenue standpoint. We would consider any asset, any commodity mix if we thought it made Coterra stronger company. So we're not in the interest of picking commodities. We're in the interest of picking profitability.

Well, yes, we haven't -- we're not prepared to talk about '23 capital on this call in any great detail. I will share -- we've got a couple of projects flowing back in the Anadarko right now. And we're watching them with great interest. Look forward to updating you on them. It's -- although we're very encouraged by what we see, we've been around this business long enough to know particularly on projects that have infill potential. You want to watch things over some months before you call it. But we're flowing a couple of projects back that look pretty interesting to us.

Yes, we're -- in the fourth quarter, as we finish out our normal reserve process, we'll be updating lease operating expenses or LOE. We do expect LOE to increase, but there's not a one-for-one connection between LOE and reserves, and that's particularly true in the Marcellus. I mean, those operating costs are so low that we run a 50-year reserve life and you really find that pricing and LOE doesn't really have much of an impact. And that's not true elsewhere. 
So as part of our fourth quarter process, and we do, as I said earlier, want to dot the I's, cross the T's. And although we've talked about a range, we have some work to do. One of that is around LOE, one of the items. But we don't see that as a -- certainly not an item that will have meaningful impact on Marcellus reserves. And I mean, we'll have to do the process, but I don't anticipate updating LOE having much of an impact on our end of the year. .

You're talking specifically to Anadarko? .

Yes. Well, one of the interesting things in our business is, you do have single basin players. And so often, technology, even though you think, well, it's known by all, technological adoptions and innovation sometimes don't spread like wildfire from basin to basin. So you can occasionally have disconnection. And if we had more time, I could offer a lot of examples of that, that I've seen in my career. My experience and observation is there's some pretty smart players in the Anadarko. A lot of these private equity companies are fairly innovative. A lot of these teams came out of larger shops and certainly were schooled in understanding the full range of available technologies. So I don't know if I would share the opinion that the Anadarko is behind on technology. Yes, I'd love to take that off-line, but I just don't see it that way.

Well, listen, I want to thank everybody for your great questions. We've delved into some good issues and really do look forward to continuing to generate the type of outstanding results we did in the third quarter. We're very confident that Coterra is lined up to continue to have a landscape of just outstanding returns, good capital returns, great discipline and also look forward to discussing our 2023 capital program next time we convene. So thank you all very much.