Thank you, Nora, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder, on today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earnings release. 
Our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2020 highlight the resiliency of Cabot's business model, which is a direct result of our industry-leading cost structure, our continued track record of disciplined capital allocation and the exceptional efforts from our employees, especially in the face of the challenges presented in the ongoing pandemic. Despite the headwinds we faced throughout the year due to historically low natural gas prices, we delivered positive net income and our fifth consecutive year of positive free cash flow generation. 
The company recorded full year adjusted net income of $214 million or $0.54 per share, positive free cash flow of $109 million and a return on capital employed of approximately 8%, despite the lowest natural gas price realizations in our 31-year public company history. 
During 2020, we returned $159 million of capital to shareholders through our current dividend, which represents our fifth consecutive year of exceeding our minimum capital return target of 50% of annual free cash flow. We also repaid $87 billion of debt that matured during the year. Our balance sheet remains one of the strongest in the industry with a year-end net debt-to-EBITDAX ratio of 1.4. While this is modestly higher than our target leverage ratio of 1 term, we have clear visibility to deleveraging well below our target ratio in 2021, given the improvement in natural gas prices relative to our 25-year low average NYMEX price we experienced in 2020, and our plan to repay our debt that matures this year with a portion of our excess free cash flow. 
For the fourth quarter, Cabot generated $105 million of adjusted net income, or $0.26 per share, and $123 million of positive free cash flow. We also exceeded our high-end of our production guidance range despite strategic price-related curtailments throughout the quarter. 
Our operating expense per unit improved 3% relative to our prior year period and our capital expenditures were in line with our guidance, highlighting our continued commitment to disciplined cost control throughout our operations. We pre-released our year-end proved reserves updated 3 weeks ago, which included the following highlights: 6% growth in total proved reserves, 7% growth in proved developed reserves and a year-over-year improvement in all source finding and development cost, driven by record low drill bit finding and development cost of $0.28 per Mcf. The growth in our reserve base is especially impressive when considering our transition to a maintenance capital program in 2020 that resulted in a 27% decline in capital spending relative to the prior year. 
On the operational front in yesterday's release, we highlighted a significant improvement in our greenhouse gas emissions metric. In 2020, we realized a 58% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions intensity from 3.12 to 1.31 metric tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent and a 70% reduction in our methane emissions intensity from 0.083% to 0.025%. Our industry-leading efficiency highlights our continued focus on safe, responsible and sustainable operations, which support the goal of reducing total greenhouse gas emissions while achieving energy independence in the United States. 
Staying on the operations for a moment, it would not be a Cabot Oil & Gas conference call if Upper Marcellus was not mentioned. In our third quarter 2020 earnings release, we highlighted 5 Upper Marcellus wells that were placed on production in 2020. And at the time, we're exceeding our expectations of an average EUR per 1,000 lateral feet of 2.7 Bcf. These 5 wells were ultimately booked with an average EUR per 1,000 lateral feet of 2.9 Bcf at the end of 2020, reaffirming our conviction in the productivity and economic opportunity across the Upper Marcellus reservoir. We continue to plan to allocate only a modest amount of capital to the Upper Marcellus annually for the foreseeable future as we focus our capital allocation efforts, first, on the prudent development of our Lower Marcellus reservoir before moving to full development of our Upper Marcellus inventory towards the end of this decade. We remain encouraged by these recent well results and the future development program that our team has put together across the Upper Marcellus at an average lateral length greater than 10,000 feet, which will provide significant well cost savings and further improvements to the economics of this inventory. 
Moving to our program for 2021 in yesterday's release, we reaffirmed our plans to deliver an average net production rate of 2.35 Bcfe per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million. Our capital program for 2021 includes 80 net drilled and completed wells at an average lateral length of 7,500 to 7,600 feet. I think the most important thing to highlight from our program this year is a 6% reduction in capital expenditures year-over-year, which is a 32% reduction in spending relative to '19, despite production levels being relatively flat from 2019 to our guidance in 2021. 
On the pricing front, despite the late start to winter, we are optimistic about the backdrop for natural gas prices in '21. On the supply side, dry gas production is still well below prior year levels, and we do not currently expect a significant rebound in volumes throughout the year as producers across the industry are focused on free cash flow generation, balance sheet repair and capital returns to shareholders over production growth. 
Natural gas demand continues to be strong, led by robust U.S. LNG exports, a trend we expect to continue throughout the year as global storage continues to be drawn down due to colder winter weather and demand recovery as economies continue to reopen. This week's storage withdrawal is expected to be the largest weekly withdrawal since January of 2018, which would put current storage levels 8% below the 5-year average and 12% lower than the prior year. This is a dramatic turn of events relative to even a month ago when storage levels were 9% higher than the 5-year average. 
Storage levels at the end of the winter season are currently forecast to be approximately 1.5 Tcf, which is 17% below the 5-year average and 26% lower than the prior year. We believe the tighter market conditions this year will require higher NYMEX prices this summer to drive incremental gas to coal switching in order to balance the market, and could result in the lowest end of October storage levels since 2018. That year, lower storage levels resulted in a significant spike in winter NYMEX prices to levels materially higher than the current forward curve. 
On the regional pricing front, year-to-date, the average Leidy cash price and our average power netback prices are approximately 70% higher than the same period last year. East storage levels at the end of the winter season are currently projected to be significantly lower than our prior year, which reduces the likelihood of experiencing the wider basis differentials we realized during the last 4 months of 2020. The weighted average differential guidance we issued for 2021 of $0.50 to $0.55 is slightly wider than the $0.44 differential we realized in 2020. This is primarily driven by the floor prices in several of our long-term sales agreement, which are now realizing less of a premium in this considerably higher NYMEX price environment as compared to last year. 
However, the most important dynamic to consider is a significant year-over-year improvement in our expected realized natural gas prices implied by the year-to-date pricing and the [indiscernible] in yesterday's release. We updated our capital return framework to include a base plus supplemental dividend strategy. We plan to continue to deliver our regular quarter base dividend while supplementing these regular quarter-based dividends with an annual supplemented -- supplemental dividend in order to achieve our minimum capital return target of at least 50% of our annual free cash flow. Given the volatility and seasonality of natural gas prices, our free -- our cash flow throughout the year, any supplemental dividend expected to be declared and paid in the fourth quarter beginning this year. Any excess free cash flow above the 50% minimum capital return target will be utilized for enhancing the balance sheet, additional supplemental dividends or optimistic share repurchases, depending on the market conditions. 
This year, the first priority for excess free cash flow above our minimum capital return target will be the repayment of $188 million of current debt maturities, which includes $88 million tranche we prepaid in January and a $100 million tranche that matures in September. Our new capital return framework highlights our continued focus on returning a significant portion of our free cash flow to shareholders while also preserving our balance sheet strength. The supplemental component of this dividend approach allows us to focus on sustainable capital return as appropriately tailored for where we are in the natural gas price cycle. We also expect to continue to grow our base dividend over time as we have done 5x since 2017. I believe our track record to returning far exceeds -- returning -- of returning far in excess of our minimal capital return target should reinforce our commitment to enhancing shareholder return over time. 
With that, Nora, I'm happy to open it up for any questions.

No, it hadn't improved at this stage. I'll let Jeff make a comment also on the differentials and what we see going forward.

And we don't have as much premium in those with a higher NYMEX price. I think the other takeaway is that with an improved NYMEX, we certainly are seeing the better realizations in our realized price.

Holly, I might add also, that if consensus remains that the October storage number will get down to 1.5 Tcf. I think that does set us up for a possibly higher NYMEX price than the current strip is delivering. So we're watching that close. But there is a case that says that we'd see higher NYMEX prices a little bit later. If, in fact, there is rationalization by the natural gas space and the LNG continues to deliver as they have, we do think there is a good chance that, that number will be reached, and it sets up for higher future NYMEX prices in the strip.

Well, we've outlined a little bit that our team is working on our development plan for the Upper Marcellus. That plan is to play out and do a geographic evaluation of all the sticks that we have. And we've done that for the majority of the field. They're continuing to vet cultural issues, picking pad sites and all that. The objective is going to be clear, and I don't see anything getting in the way of the objective and that is to lay out significantly longer average lateral lengths greater than what we are drilling in the Lower Marcellus right now and certainly going to be greater than the Upper Marcellus -- I mean greater than the Lower Marcellus and greater than 10,000 feet. 
So when you look at the efficiencies from that drilling perspective, you can kind of do the math today. I would also add that I would hope that we continue as an industry to develop efficient techniques, best practices that will allow the drill curve to get better completion techniques to improve. And as we allocate a small portion of our capital moving forward to the Upper Marcellus, we continue to learn and enhance our anticipated completion techniques for the Upper Marcellus. We've always indicated that the Upper Marcellus is about 75% of the Upper Marcellus -- I mean, the Lower Marcellus. And we don't see anything that would take from that from a reservoir perspective. We think we can close the gap, the differential in the -- in what the deliverables from a reservoir perspective in the Upper Marcellus would be to the Lower Marcellus by longer laterals, more efficient completion techniques and all the things we're learning as we go. We do -- we think it will be towards the -- before we shift to the Upper Marcellus development, we think it's going to be towards the end of the -- this decade. And we think we have drilling locations that will carry us beyond the 2040 period for the Upper Marcellus. We're confident that we're going to be able to improve the economics of the Upper compared to the Lower and stand by.

Yes. Exactly. Starting with the Upper Marcellus, we definitely are laying out the development of really a clean piece of paper for the Upper Marcellus. We'll be looking at that without complications of drilling or prior formed units or anything of that nature. In our Lower Marcellus, we continue to try to lay in our Lower Marcellus in the entire developed area that we currently have. There'll be some areas that bring our average down, just simply by us going back into really early drilling areas where we didn't have long laterals. Our pads were a little bit closer together that those type of, say, if we drill a 6- or 8-well pad in an area where we have to drill reduced lateral lengths just by virtue of fitting in between some older drilling locations. That will keep our Lower lateral lengths, our Lower Marcellus lateral lengths, lower than we anticipate in the Upper.

Yes. That's a great question. We balance that all the time in our strategic discussions within our Board. The fact remains from a evaluation of assets, take that as a -- the first step. We evaluate everything that's out there, so we know the valuations that are being placed by industry on assets. We have done that ever since I've been here, and we'll continue to do that and we'll continue to vet what's out there. We look at our pool, our assets that we have. We look at the EUR per 1,000, the margin that we are able to obtain with our assets, and we like exactly the assets we have. We look out there and compare the Appalachian assets in other areas. And we still see Cabot's assets, including the Upper Marcellus, as being a better asset from the standpoint of what the deliverables are in the -- in what the reserves can provide. I mean what the reservoir can provide. So when you think about how we would look at an asset outside of Cabot's footprint, we do kind of an accretion dilution analysis. If instead of, for example, our last 5 upper Marcellus wells, we booked at 2.9 Bcf per 1,000-foot. If we see assets out there that are -- and you all can do the numbers, you can look at the type curves. You can look at the peer numbers on their reserves per 1,000-foot of lateral. And you're not going to get -- in general, you're not going to get that same quality of rock. We've been blessed by it. That's not a slam on peers at all. I think peers do a great job with their operation. But nevertheless, when we look at how we allocate capital and the efficiency of our capital allocation, we take all of this into consideration before we spend money out there, someplace else versus our capital allocation program back to shareholders.

Where do we want to start on that? When we look at how we book our reserves, and I assume you're talking about maybe our revision question?

And how we handled our PDP revision question. So let me just start there, Brian. And then just if I don't fully answer your question by time I end, I'll get back to you. But as you're aware, on our revision, 30% of our revision was related to the pricing and 5-year PUD development rule. And when we look at the parent-child mitigation efforts and its impact on our revisions. That's not unique to Cabot, it's an industry-wide objective on mitigation on parent-child. In 2020, the impact on Cabot was about 1.6% of our PDP, which was down 45% from our parent-child impact in 2019. I think we'll continue to improve significantly in 2021 with our mitigation efforts. Some of those efforts we've talked about in the past, some are new. Our placement where we land in our new drilling relative to the offset is being scrutinized very closely now. The reduction of fluid and proppant levels is being implemented on all of the wells that had the offset drilling. We're setting the retrievable bridge plugs, tubing and cap strings and the offset wells, and that has helped considerably. 
Most recently, and we feel like this is making a significant difference, we have increased the number of clusters by 2 to 3x per stage, and we're seeing a fairly dramatic increase. An example, several examples, really would be the results from our most recent design that we've used on 4 pads, saw only 2 out of 30 wells directly offset from these new completions slightly impacted. So that's a significant difference from what we were seeing previously. Additionally, and you're aware of this, but we do have planned workovers for our 2021 program for the affected wells. And we do anticipate that this work will help to reestablish impacted reserves. And we have taken care -- and taken into consideration all of what we're currently seeing, Brian, in our current PUD booking and our booking across the field.

Go ahead, Steve.

Yes. I'll turn that to Jeff in 1 second. But in regard to our near term plan. And I think you're seeing, Josh, across the industry that maintenance capital is being allocated. We're staying at our maintenance capital. Some of that is obviously a result of the effect that putting a significant growth component into the basin affects the differential and our realized pricing. We're a strong believer that with a maintenance program that it yields the best opportunities for Cabot as we go forward. And we would think that the phenomenon of a overstressed system on supply/demand is apparent. 
When you look at how we look at the future, there are -- Jeff didn't provide any numbers. He'll make a comment here shortly, Jeff [ Hutton ]. But there are a couple of significant projects in Northeast PA that have the opportunity to not only see some of our Lower Marcellus gas, maybe help with the growth in demand between now and the end of the decade. But going forward, I feel strongly about beyond that, that there -- the majority of our -- if not all of our Upper Marcellus development is going to see enhanced growth with in-basin demand projects. And I'll let Jeff add color to that.

Josh, our -- exactly to that point, we plan on managing the '24 and beyond tranche by moving that out, as Scott's saying, with the refinance of that. It is our intent, though, to maintain and to continue to enhance the delivery of our return to shareholders by virtue of us really having after this $100 million tranche and the small one in '23. We have clear sailing in '22, '23, certainly with the refinance, '24, '25, that is going to be absolutely pristine for our delivery of what we would hope is significant free cash flow back to shareholders.

Yes. We look at the market itself, as we've indicated. We are going to get past these debt maturities, and that certainly bodes well with our balance sheet. Where it is today, it bodes well for opportunity to return cash to shareholders. We also have a high expectation that the industry will continue to be rational, and that comes into consideration when we think about the available cash that is being generated and our price realizations that we achieve. So with that being a consideration, we'll look at a -- go out to the generalist and go out to general industry. And you look at some of the dividend levels that our base dividend yields. And we do anticipate to be competitive across the board. And looking at the -- with our balance sheet, allows us to look at those higher yields as we move forward. And our Board has been quite proactive in supporting the increased base dividend level. I would just say from a conservative perspective, that's why we added the supplemental dividend. From a conservative perspective, we don't want to get caught whipsawed into an irrational market that has blown out the basis in all the basins. And our realizations are punitive that would require us to dig into our facility to pay dividends. 
Again, I think industry has learned its lesson from the past. I think shareholders have made it clear what the expectation is for prudent operations and managing capital allocation. And if we continue to see that rationalization, I think the shareholders are going to reward it handsomely.

Yes.

And to that specific question about remedial work, yes, we do feel like that remedial work will reestablish some of these -- the impacts.

Absolutely. And Charles, one of the things you're -- I appreciate your rearview mirror math on kind of how it happened. But keep in mind, I think going forward, I think you need to maybe focus more on what we saw in our last 4 pads that we drilled by stretching out the cluster spacing. Not stretching out the cluster spacing, adding more clusters to a stage, how we landed the wells and how we have been able to -- along the entire track of a lateral we'll lay out. We don't think it's going to affect the entire lateral length of any given well because we have the offset landing zones and we are mitigating the new wells we drill with the landing zones at the offset wells. And we will -- in areas where we feel like we have a fairly direct offset by -- in the landing areas, we are implementing this new technique of 2 or 3x greater clusters in a stage, reduce fluids and proppants in those particular stages. And in the last 4 pads, that out of the 30 direct offset wells that we saw with the number of completions that we had, we only saw 2 wells impacted. 
So I think rolling forward, I don't think you can use historic math to calculate what we would see as the impacts rolling forward. We think it is going to continue to be reduced like we did from '19 to '20. We think we're going to see a significant decrease from '20 to '21 on PDP revisions as a result of what I'm talking about.

That's absolutely the right message.

Well, I appreciate it. Our focus was on our inventory. We have a highly economic drilling inventory. It's going to provide long-term visibility for robust free cash flow, like I mentioned. And our capital return strategy demonstrates our commitment to improving cash returns to our shareholders throughout the natural gas price cycle, while we maintain what we think is an industry-leading balance sheet. Our emissions calculations, you're going to see a lot of that coming out in reported industry. And I think that when you look at how prudent Cabot's operation is and the greenhouse gas and methane intensity is, I think you'll see that Cabot is going to be on top of the metric that so many are focused on right now. 
So I appreciate your attention this year-end earnings conversation. Look forward to the next. Thank you very much.