Thank you, Phyllis, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in this morning's earnings release.
Our results for the second quarter 2021 reinforced the positive theme from our first quarter results, with a significant increase in realized prices year-over-year driving exponential growth in our financial metrics. Our adjusted net income for the quarter was $105 million or $0.26 per share, which represents over a fivefold increase in adjusted earnings per share relative to the prior year period, driven primarily by a 35% increase in our realized natural gas prices. During the quarter, we also delivered positive free cash flow of $64 million, our 18th quarter of positive free cash flow over the last 21 quarters, resulting in a $127 million improvement in free cash flow relative to the second quarter of 2020.
During the second quarter, we returned over 2/3 of our free cash flow to shareholders through our base quarterly dividend as we continue to emphasize our strategic focus on returning a majority of our free cash flow to shareholders. We continue to improve on our industry-leading cost structure during the quarter as demonstrated by a 2% year-over-year improvement of all-in operating expenses to $1.41 per Mcfe, excluding a $6.2 million of expenses during the second quarter related to the pending merge with Cimarex Energy, our unit cost improved by 4% relative to prior year period.
Production for the second quarter of 2021 was 1% below our guidance range due to a longer-than-anticipated maintenance-related midstream downtime primarily resulting from one of our third-party providers compression station and operational delays during the quarter that pushed the timing of certain wells down on production to later in the second quarter and into the first part of the third quarter.
Our production volumes for the third quarter to date have averaged approximately 2.3 Bcf per day, a 4% increase relative to our second quarter production levels. We incurred $166 million of capital expenditure during the second quarter, a 5% reduction relative to the prior year period. Our capital for the quarter was in line with our prior guidance for higher activity levels in the second and third quarters, which are expected to result in sequential production growth during the second half of this year, primarily during the fourth quarter in anticipation of higher realized natural gas prices and the in service of the Leidy South Expansion Project.
We also drilled 5 more net wells and completed 121 more stages than originally planned during the second quarter, highlighting continued efficiency gains in our operations. Our balance sheet remains as strong as ever with less than $900 million of net debt as of quarter end, resulting in a net leverage ratio of less than 1x trailing 12-month EBITDA. We expect to continue to reduce our absolute debt levels during the third quarter through the repayment of $100 million tranche of debt maturing in September.
On the pricing front, our bullish thesis for natural gas prices entering this year has continued to materialize, resulting in significant year-over-year gains in natural gas prices across North America. Through July 2021, NYMEX prices have risen 61% compared to the same time frame in 2020, while Leidy prices have increased by 43% over the same period. Despite transitory pipeline maintenance and outages that resulted in wider regional basis differentials during the second quarter of 2021, we have recently witnessed forward prices and cash prices across Appalachia's sales locations beginning to compress and trend back to their historic pricing relationships.
We have updated our full year differential guidance of $0.50 to $0.55 to $0.70 to $0.75, primarily as a result of the impact of higher anticipated NYMEX prices relative to our fixed price sales agreement and to a lesser extent, wider regional basis differentials. 
Our prior differential guidance from our first quarter earnings release in late April was based on a $2.75 NYMEX for the year. While our updated guidance is based on an average NYMEX price of approximately $3.35 implied by actual year-to-date and the future curve for the balance of the year. At the midpoint of our updated guidance range, our pre-hedged natural price realizations are now expected to be 18% higher than our prior year guidance from late April and 60% higher than our actual 2020 price realizations.
Third quarter 2021 differentials are expected to widen relative to the second quarter with a tightening expected in the fourth quarter. We are extremely encouraged by natural gas prices for the balance of the year, where the current NYMEX futures are averaging over $4. Despite wider differentials in the Northeast during the second quarter, we are optimistic about a strong improvement in local in the second half of the year, driven by our expectation for continued strength in regional gas demand, flat production profiles across the Appalachian basin and a significant reduction in east storage levels, which are currently 17% below 2020 levels and 8% below the 5-year average. 
Of equal importance, we are very optimistic on the impact of the Leidy South Expansion Project that is projected to be placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2021 and will deliver 580 million cubic foot per day of Northeast Pennsylvania production volumes to the Mid-Atlantic market area, while further improving Cabot's realized pricing. 
Additionally, the PennEast and Regional East Access expansion projects are projected to be in service between 2022 and 2024, which will move even more supply out of the basin and into growing demand markets. As we look forward to 2022, we are extremely encouraged by the improvement in the Cal '22 NYMEX futures to approximately $3.50 or 34% increase since the beginning of the year. We are currently unhedged in 2022, providing significant exposure to a strong natural gas price environment that supports an improving cash flow profile. In this morning's release, we reaffirmed our full year stand-alone 2021 plan to deliver an average net production rate of 2.35 Bcf per day from a capital program of the $530 million to $540 million. 
Our capital guidance range for the year remain unchanged despite the increase in our expected net well drilled -- net wells drilled from 80 to 85 resulting from our continued drilling efficiencies. We also provided our third quarter 2021 production guidance range of 2.275 to 2.325 Bcf per day. The third quarter guidance range implies sequential production growth of 4% relative to the second quarter at the midpoint, while we anticipate approximately 10% of sequential production growth from the third quarter to the fourth quarter coinciding with higher winter natural gas prices and the in-service of the Leidy South Expansion Project.
Third quarter capital expenditures are expected to decrease relative to the second quarter with a greater sequential decline anticipated in the fourth quarter, driven by lower activity levels as we enter the winter season. Operationally, we continue to execute our program in line with guidance, while financially, our outlook for 2021 is much stronger as a result of higher expected realized prices. Based on current strip, our stand-alone free cash flow for the second half of the year is expected to be approximately 2x our first half free cash flow, excluding the impact of merger-related expenses. 
I also want to provide a brief update on our pending merge with Cimarex as we are excited as ever about the compelling strategic and financial benefits of our merge, and we continue to make progress towards closing the fourth quarter of 2021. As I noted, when announced the transaction in May, we carefully studied the long-term benefits of expanding geographically beyond the Marcellus Shale and adding more scale and balance to our operation. The pending merge will accelerate our strategy and create an industry-leading operator with geographic and commodity diversity, scale, financial strength to thrive in today's market and over the long-term across the commodity price cycles.
With the addition of Cimarex oil assets in the Permian and Anadarko basins to our natural gas assets in the Marcellus Shale, we will be a more resilient company with scale and strong positions in the premier oil and gas basins in the United States. Together, we will have top-quality assets and the lowest cost of supply profile relative to our upstream peers, which will facilitate free cash flow generation, shareholder value creation and an accelerated return of capital to shareholders. With our increased footprint, we will have complementary oil exposure with low-cost, high-margin assets, and we'll be positioned to capture opportunities from both near-term oil demand and long-term natural gas transition fuel demand. Compared to Cabot stand-alone, the combined business will be able to return substantially more capital to shareholders, especially in light of the improvement in natural gas prices and, to a lesser extent, oil prices since the deal was announced in late May. 
This best-in-class capital profile return will be driven by a high-quality portfolio that delivers significant free cash flow through cycles, a very low cost of supply through consolidation of Cabot's and Cimarex's top-tier teams and assets and a reduced cost of capital due to increased scale, a strong balance sheet and increased liquidity. In short, combining the Cimarex (sic) [ Cabot ] with Cimarex will create a clearly differentiated energy company with a strong financial foundation and the right assets, exposure and capital allocation flexibility to deliver peer-leading capital returns while maintaining a strong balance sheet. 
As a stronger, more resilient company, we will be well positioned to generate substantial free cash flow through commodity cycles, facilitate best-in-class capital returns and deliver enhanced shareholder value. 
I would like to acknowledge the incredible work and dedication of our employees. I believe we have the best employees in the world, and I have been inspired by their commitment over the last year. To our Cabot employees, you have my deepest appreciation. Looking ahead, we remain on track to close the transaction in the fourth quarter of 2021 shortly after receiving shareholder approval. We look forward to continuing to engage with our shareholders in the weeks ahead regarding the benefits of the pending merge. This transaction builds on and accelerates the strategy we have been executing and I hope you will share our excitement and enthusiasm for the future. Together with Cimarex, we intend to deliver superior, long-term value creation for our shareholders and other stakeholders. 
And Phyllis, with that, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.

Yes, Leo. I appreciate the question. With the cadence that the North Group has set up and Phil Stalnaker is here with us this morning. But with the cadence that had been set up for our 2021 program, which was done certainly a while back, the timing of just when we bring on those locations is what enhances that fourth quarter production growth. And keep in mind, it's by design somewhat to be able to take advantage of the anticipated fourth quarter increase in pricing. But it was also designed in anticipation of the Leidy South coming online and commissioning. 
So by design, but keep in mind, when we have just so few pads that we bring on during the year, we're -- and you've seen it in the past how -- if you delay 3 or 4 or 5 days bringing on a big pad, it can either enhance your production on any given quarter or slightly reduce your production on any given quarter. But it is a very, very narrow period of time that, that's disruptive one way or the other. But this fourth quarter increase was somewhat by design on the cadence of us accelerating our capital this year upfront and kind of dissipating a little bit towards the back end into the winter months.

Okay. Very good. I will just mention first the hedge kind of out of the way. I'll let Jeff weigh in also on the Leidy South. But we're looking at market. We're looking at the macro environment. We keep a close eye on the storage. As we mentioned, storage levels up in the east are drawn down significantly from last year and below the 5-year average. That's all constructive to a 2022 pricing. So we're keeping a close eye on that. 
Do I think we'll have some hedge volumes in 2022 at some point? Yes, I do. And our Hedge Committee meets on a fairly regular basis to have that discussion. We've been bullish for the reasons we're all aware where natural gas prices have been going. We're also aware that the capital constraint that is being demonstrated by industry is constructive to the macro environment. And we look forward to that continuing certainly for Cabot. 
With that, Leidy South, Jeff, I'm going to let you talk about and what your expectations are.

Yes. I'll just make a color commentary, Arun, and then I'll let Jeff follow up. But my view of the differentials is it is going to be very constructive. We realize the reason for this and having higher differentials is just the gas on gas competition and exasperated by too much production too little takeaway. 0.5 Bcf -- greater than 0.5 Bcf a day into other markets and out of the basin and essentially just right out of our neck of the woods is going to be constructive, and we feel very good about it.
And I think we'll see improvements and you're already seeing out there some improvements from today as you move out. So we're constructive and look forward to the other -- in my commentary, we look forward to the other pipelines into -- in between the 2022 to 2024 period also to be constructive for the differentials up in the Northeast.

Yes. We have a program that's lined out, and we've -- as we've discussed in the past as pretty close to maintenance of very low growth. And right now, our plan is to stick with that. You can look at a -- you can look at impacts on differentials and you can look at the program, and it makes sense for us to deliver into a market that is well tuned on supply and demand versus one that's oversupplied. We think that makes more sense. We think it is of more value to the shareholders, not moving as much gas out of your inventory, your asset base for a better price point than moving more gas out of your inventory for a less price point. 
So we're pleased with what we're -- how we're programming going forward. The increased price is not going to be the driver. We look at the dips, the realizations. And more importantly, we look at the takeaway that's coming and then measuring its effect on the dips going forward. But I'll let Jeff make a comment also.

Yes. Josh, I'll let Scott respond to that. We still have all the arrows in our quiver. And we are also certainly been disappointed with where our stock range is. But I'll let Scott handle that.

Well, Josh, our free cash flow, as we mentioned, I think in the second half of the year is going to be say, double our first half of the year. And it's just looking at what our capital program allocation is and looking at what we anticipate the realizations are going to be. And -- it's -- and I know your models out there are starting to pick up on that also. We still have a -- certainly a significant unhedged volume and rolling into '22. Looking at our forward curve on the 2022 free cash flow, which from our internal models is significantly better than we had started looking at it earlier in this year. So -- but right now, our cash flow is designed on -- or our expectation is designed on the macro and our capital program that we've given guidance for.

I'm sorry, Doug, let me interrupt you 1 second, if I could. Your phone, and I'm talking to Phyllis also, your phone is cutting in and out, and I am having a very difficult time receiving your question.

Yes. Let's try that.

The ultimate production?

Well, I'm not going to speculate out that far. We have enhancing takeaway capacity in the basin by the Leidy South and the PennEast and the regional access. So we're pleased to see additional takeaways there, Doug. We have a long, long runway of premier locations out in front of us. We've managed our program right now to glide on a maintenance capital in light of the macro. And so right now, the shareholders like to see a significant amount of free cash flow. They also like to see a strong balance sheet. We're able to deliver both of those, but I would only be speculating as far as maybe the timing of those lines when they would be commissioned and what the macro market is way out in front of us to answer that. 
I can say this if you just wanted to drill wells and drill them for a long time and bring in the equipment and frac crews to be able to get that done to increase production, it could increase significantly from where it is today. And I mean, significantly. But I'm not going to speculate on the amount where it might go in the next couple of years.

Well, I am kind of constrained somewhat on the details of the merge, but I will say this, that we're combining these companies for the reasons that I outlined in my comments. It's going to be a much stronger company, more resilient company and positioned to drive a significant free cash flow across the cycles. We're seeing cycles right now where natural gas is having it another day in the sun and it's enhancing the cash flow of Cabot. And I think it's a benefit to both Cabot. And in a combined world, it would be a benefit. 
So long term and you look at the natural gas as a dynamic energy product of the future. I don't know how you cannot embrace a combination that creates the resiliency and the type of company that we're going to have going forward with an extremely strong balance sheet and with a disciplined objective of delivering significant free cash flow back to shareholders. So I don't know how any shareholder could not be excited about the future of this combination.

Yes. I would say this. I think the variable dividend is going to look very good in particular, compared the way it looked at the beginning of this year. However, I'll let Scott give it some color also.

Thanks, Neil, and I'll turn that to Jeff, our gas expert.

Well, I have both Matt and Scott here and we have all kinds of modeling run on all that, getting into the details, David, we can do once we get the -- all the shareholder approval but I'll let...

Yes. Okay. Thanks, David.

Thank you, Phyllis, and thank you all for tuning in. We look forward to the future for Cabot, its shareholders, and we're extremely excited about the combination with Cimarex, the quality of people they have, the asset quality they have. It's a bright, bright opportunity for the future for both shareholder groups. And we are certainly committed to be able to deliver all that we've represented to deliver, if not more, once we obtain the shareholder approval and get closed in the early fourth quarter. So thanks again for your interest, and we look forward to the next meeting we have. Thank you very much.