Thank you, Allison, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earning release. Despite the ongoing global pandemics impact on natural gas demand during the second quarter, which contributed to the lowest average quarterly NYMEX price since the third quarter of 1995, Cabot was still able to generate positive net income of $30.4 million or $0.08 per share. These results demonstrate our uniquely advantaged low-cost structure that we have continued to improve upon year after year, allowing us to deliver profitability and positive returns on capital even the very trough of the natural gas price cycle, which is where we believe we are today.
While we are seeing green shoots emerging in the natural gas market, which I will get into in more detail later in the call, I want to commend our team for delivering another profitable quarter in the face of the recent headwinds across our industry. Operationally, our team delivered another strong quarter with our daily production of 2.229 Bcf per day, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Our realized prices before the impact of derivatives represents a $0.30 differential to NYMEX, which is in line with the low end of our full year guidance range and is a significant improvement relative to a $0.44 differential in the prior year comparable period. Additionally, all of our operating expenses were in line with or below our guidance ranges for the quarter, demonstrating our continued focus on cost control.
In the second quarter, we generated our first quarterly free cash flow deficit since the second quarter of 2018, but it's the only -- our second free cash flow deficit in the last 17 quarters, given the historically low natural gas price environment during the first half of this year, in addition to the combination of our first half weighted capital program and a second half weighted production profile. Our plan for 2020 was expected to generate a slight free cash flow deficit during the first 6 months of the year before turning to a free cash flow positive program in the second half of the year. Ultimately, at the current strip, we still expect our capital program for the year to be fully funded within cash flow and to generate enough free cash flow to cover the majority of our regular dividend.
Our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with a net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDAX ratio of 1.2x at the end of the quarter. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we use cash on the balance sheet to repay our $87 million tranche of senior notes, which matured this month. It is important to note that while we have seen a moderate expansion in our leverage metrics this year as a result of trough natural gas prices, we anticipate a significant compression in our leverage ratio next year at the current strip. This compression is driven, not only by the expectation for higher EBITDAX resulting from improved price realizations, but also from lower absolute debt levels as we continue to pay down our near-term maturities with free cash flow. In yesterday's release, we reaffirmed our full year production guidance range of 2.35 to 2.375 Bcf per day, with the midpoint of the range implying a flat production levels year-over-year. Additionally, we have reaffirmed our capital program of $575 million. We also initiated our third quarter production guidance range of 2.4 to 2.45 Bcf per day, which represents a 9% sequential increase in daily production. Midpoint of our guidance range for the third quarter and full year imply that production volumes in the fourth quarter will be roughly flat to the fourth quarter of last year.
On the capital side, we expect spending to sequentially decline in both the third and fourth quarters, driven by a reduction in our completion activity during the second half of the year. The macro outlook for natural gas markets is obviously top of everyone's mind, especially given the stark contrast between the current market conditions and where we believe these dynamics could be during the winter withdrawal season. 
On the demand side, while LNG exports have continued to disappoint this summer, we believe that July and August will likely mark the trough for the export levels, resulting in a gradual improvement in LNG utilization rates beginning in the latter part of the third quarter as the U.S. experiences fewer cargo cancellations. Our base case expectation is that as we move into the winter, higher global gas prices will put U.S. LNG back in the money leading to significant improvements in utilization rates and a corresponding increase in export-related demand for natural gas. While we anticipate some reduction in power burn this winter due to reduced coal-to-gas switching, we would expect stronger residential and commercial demand year-over-year, assuming normal weather, which should offset any power-related demand loss.
On the supply side, we continue to see the potential for over 6 Bcf per day reduction in production year-over-year this winter, driven only -- driven not only by the sizable activity cuts in natural gas focused basins, which we think is good, but also from steeper cuts and oil-focused basins, resulting in the expectation for continued structural declines in associated gas production. Given the ongoing focus across industry on capital discipline, including the prioritization of capital allocation on debt reduction and return of capital to shareholders over growth, we believe any future recovery in natural gas supply will be much slower than in prior cycles. And ultimately, the market will need to see higher prices to either incentivize more production or to disincentivize LNG exports and economic coal-to-gas switching. While there are certainly risks to this thesis, we remain cautiously optimistic about the natural gas market heading into this winter.
We remain acutely focused on executing on a risk management strategy for 2021 that optimistically locks in hedges to protect against potential downside risk, while also remaining exposed to potentially one of the most favorable setups we have seen for the commodity in years. While we have yet to formulate official plans for 2021, in our release yesterday, we highlighted that based on 2021 NYMEX price assumptions of $2.75 per MMBtu, which is roughly in line with the future -- current futures. We can deliver similar production levels as 2021 from a modestly lower capital program while delivering a free cash flow yield of approximately 8% and a return on capital employed between 19% and 20%. As we disclosed previously, every $0.10 improvement in NYMEX natural gas price is expected to increase our 2021 free cash flow by approximately $55 million highlighting the upside potential if the natural gas market does, in fact, reach a point of inflection this winter. As we anticipate a significant expansion in free cash flow in 2021. We remain committed to disciplined capital allocation with a focus on balancing the deployment of our free cash flow next year between returning capital to shareholders and repayment of our $188 million of senior notes maturing in 2021.
Our capital return focus will be grounded in our base quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share or $0.40 annually and further supplemented by optimistic returns of capital, including special dividends and/or share repurchases. While 2020 may ultimately deliver the lowest average NYMEX price on record since 1995, I am proud of Cabot's resiliency, highlighted by our ability to deliver positive free cash flow and positive corporate returns while maintaining a strong balance sheet even in the trough of the commodity price cycle.
We will continue to execute, deliver on our plans for this year, which was formalized in February before the widespread impacts of the global pandemic, and we remain optimistic about the potential for an inflection point in natural gas markets this winter and the corresponding expansion in our free cash flow, return on capital employed and return of capital to shareholders in 2021.
And Allison, with that comment, I will be more than happy to answer any questions.

Well, we have indicated that our 2020 program was front-loaded. The remainder of 2020, we're not going to spend as much capital. We're also in the midst of negotiations with rigs and frac crews. And looking at the efficiencies we've developed in our program operationally and what we're seeing and what we think will occur with our execution contracts in the 2021 -- for our 2021 program, we think we will see that modest reduction in that program.

Yes. If you wanted a ballpark, 5% to 10% as a number right now might be a useful number.

Yes. Yes, that would seem reasonable.

Yes. We have -- I think we've set a pretty good clear track record of what our desire is, and that is to return as we've catched, 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We have our debt we're going to take care of next year. We have the dividend also. And some of our decision and what we elect to do, we would -- I'm speculating here a little bit, but we would probably maintain our dividend where it is. We'll talk about it throughout the year, and we'll look at a macro market as we look out forward. But we've also talked internally about special dividends, and we haven't changed off of our position to return cash to shareholders.

Well, it's still early. We've -- as you read, or typically, as we do, we released in February what our outlook on 2021 is going to be. We have the advantage at that point in time to be able to see what the winter has done, look at what the strip is at that particular time, and we'll forecast then a much clearer definition of what our 2021 CapEx will be and what we're -- how we're going to set our expectations. When we look at the market and at this time, we are conservative by nature, we have a -- what I think is a great setup for our shareholders to deliver a great deal of free cash flow. We'll deliver that free cash flow to our shareholders versus the banks. And I think that is going to be attractive. And we have a conservative program, which hopefully, it turns into that conservative program with the commodity price expectation we've stated, plus or minus $2.75. And we're comfortable with that right now. If we see continued discipline in the market, and we see continued increases in demand. The LNG market comes back strong, we do have the ability to increase our program, but we're comfortable right now messaging that our lower CapEx program in 2021 is going to deliver the same volumes.

I wish I could have said it as well as you did, Jeffrey.

Thank you, Jeffrey. And Jeff Hutton is on the edge of his seat.

Yes. We're socializing that now internally, Brian. We have not put a framework around a formulaic delivery of that special dividend or variable dividend. As you've seen in the past, we have, as -- similar to our buybacks, we've made those decisions when we feel comfortable about the market. We see the near-term support in the market that allows us to generate, out in front of us, x amount of incremental free cash. So we're comfortable delivering a certain portion of that and in some cases, all of it back to shareholders. So I'm sorry, I'm not specific on the formula, but we have not gotten to that formula internally.

Yes. I'm willing to make a comment, then I'm going to turn it to Jeff, Brian, because it is an area that we are spending a great deal of time and focus on in-basin demand projects. But one of the most recent impetus and catalyst that is, I think, driving now more attention to Northeast PA as a location for demand projects has been the agreement of tax credits that Pennsylvania will allocate to at least 4 projects that bring a large manufacturing or natural gas demand project to state and spend x amount of money, employ x amount of people, then they would receive hundreds of millions of dollars over the next 10 years of tax credits. That is a tremendous opportunity. It is out there and now in the books with the governor's signature. And we have had discussions with in-basin demand projects, and we have had for a while, a business development group that is working this opportunity for us. We like the idea of in-basin projects. We can hook that up on the tailgate of our gathering system. And it is an incremental realizations to Cabot.
I'll let Jeff talk a little bit about his thoughts in this regard.

We have certainly a discussion regularly internally with our hedge committee. And the price we see out there in 2021 is actually north of the $2.65 that we see today. It is our intent to mitigate, as you say, the downside of the macro market. We have all been disappointed in the past, more so disappointed in the recent past than pleasantly surprised. 
We do think that there are some fundamental points that we made in my remarks that are constructive to a supportive underpinning of the market. And yes, it can go down. And as I mentioned, that the risk of that type of downside, we're fully aware of. We think our program would deliver very well at $2.65. It is our intent to participate in the 2021 financial hedge market. And we'll do that appropriately with the vehicles once we make the decision amongst the committee to do that. So we're thinking alike, Leo, we're pleased with where the market is right now. And we are, again, looking forward to participate in the hedge market. I can't tell you when in advance we plan to do something, but we do look at it every day.

Yes. We're -- that's fairly granular to be able to give you the cadence quarter-to-quarter right now, Leo, I'm sorry. But overall, right now, I'm comfortable just with our outlook being what it is, and it's flat with lower capital in 2021 and the cadence, we do try to manage the cadence, and it's a result of just a number of different things, the size of pads we have some of the winter season, the expectations on how the market is going to the macro market is going to look. We have not nailed down exactly the cadence for the quarters. One thing I would say that right now, if you look out in this summer, we had $1.60 gas, $1.70 gas in the say, the April to October. And if you look out in 2021, if we're even partially right about the lower supply, higher demand running through this winter, then you ought to be able to look out at the period between the April and October and say that, that market right now might be about a $2.60 market. So there is an effect, almost a dollar difference during that period of time. So the cadence is still -- we still have a discussion going internally. But those are some of the things that we look at.

Yes. And we have drilled some upper wells this year. The number though, Charles, for comparison between the lower is more 70-plus percent EUR, not 90%. And that's in our...

Yes, that's been our material, and that's always been the case. But the wells that we have drilled this year, and we've actually drilled uppers on 3 different pads. And the wells in different locations in the field. And collectively, I'm not going to get granular on it because a couple of wells have been on longer than the other wells that have come on more recently. But collectively, what we have seen is that our type curve on the upper is running slightly above, collectively, the type curve that we're using as our risk tight curve out there in the field for the upper. 
You want to say -- Steve might say something?

Well, the AG has -- a number of companies have now been recognized by the AG. And through their investigations. As you're aware that the charges are, of course, disputed matters. But nonetheless, Cabot is cooperating with the AG, and we're -- we have provided his staff with facts and data addressing the allegations directly. We are certainly telling Cabot's side of the story. It's undisputed up there that natural gas is naturally occurring in all the areas of Northeast Pennsylvania. And methane was up there in the rock prior to the oil and gas industry ever going up there. When we moved up there, it was a greenfield operation, no drilling had taken place, no production, and there was natural gas in the water systems up there. So we'll continue to work with the AG. We're always employing our best practices to protect the environment and its operations and continue to be a leader in that regard. We do intend to be able to resolve this matter, that is positive for all stakeholders.

Our -- on our drill cadence, if you look at kind of how we've laid out our long-term program. And we have shown in a deck in the past, we've shown our production and drilling going out into the 2040 period. We have go out into the latter part of 2020 decade with our lower drilling. And then subsequent to that, we move into the Upper Marcellus drilling. And we have that drilling out into the 2040 period.

It's slightly less, John, than 10 years, but it goes out towards the end of the 2020 decade, yes.

Yes. We have -- our decline rate right now is 29% to 30%. And I don't have the number. And Steve Lindeman might be able to get me towards the cadence of our decline, as he's looked at our reserves towards the end of 2021.

Yes. I'm going to pitch the ball to Matt.

We have efficiencies in our program. We decided to maintain our $575 million CapEx. It's midyear right now. It might be a conservative position, but we wanted the least noise in the release as we could deliver, and we thought that was appropriate.

Well, we haven't -- we've talked about it maybe more indirectly, but we have made comments regarding our full development case of our Upper Marcellus. And to not make this a long-winded answer, Scott has told me sometimes that I talk too long on my answers. But when you look at the full development of the Marcellus, you can really -- Upper Marcellus, you can really look at the Upper Marcellus, it's a blank piece of paper for the most part. We intend to -- particularly with the legislation that has been passed recently about longer laterals and how you drill within or across units, it is our intent to lay out the sticks for the Upper Marcellus with longer laterals on average than we've been able to drill in the Lower Marcellus program. With the drilling of the longer laterals, and I'm talking about kind of the 12,000 foot type laterals in the Upper Marcellus, there's efficiencies inherent in drilling longer laterals than shorter laterals. 
With our currently -- even in the lower, in our longer laterals, if we drill 11,000 or 12,000 foot laterals, and you look at our completion efficiencies or some represent their -- the cost of development in what the cost is per foot in our -- even in our lower, we have a, say, a 700 -- slightly over $700 per foot cost in our 11,000 foot type of lateral that we drill in the lower. And we have those as actual costs that we have seen in first and second quarter of this year. There's another thing on the efficiencies that we see in those -- in that cost Cabot also loads in -- of our cost per foot. We also load in our -- all our facilities in that cost, and we load in all the construction associated with our pad sites into those costs. That is, again, all-in cost for us. And the other thing we do is we have what we think are very efficient completions. We have 2,500 pounds of proppant we use in our completions versus, I know some other companies might use less proppant. So their cost for proppant is going to be maybe slightly less than ours, but we do like the amount of gas that we have coming in -- out of our wells and so our recipe, we think we have dialed in, is very efficient. So there is going to be, overall, considerably less cost attached to the development of our Upper Marcellus, including use of roads, reuse of pad sites. We hope reuse of some of the equipment so we would take -- even though the -- it might be a 70-plus percent comparison to the lower, we think on a return profile basis because of what I'm just mentioning, our upper development is going to be in an extremely good return profile.

Thank you, Allison. And once again, I would just like to say thanks again to those dedicated shareholders of Cabot, but also their gratitude to Cabot's team. They have been out there through this very difficult environment. Many of our field operators have been going to work every single day, even though some of the corporate headquarters at office in Pittsburgh have honored the stay-at-home edicts because of this pandemic. But those guys and girls out there in the field have gotten up every day to head out and do the work. And as you can see by our numbers, we've been able to deliver on our program, and I'm very proud of the group. So thanks again for the attention. Look forward to next quarter's call.