Thank you, Kate, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earnings release. 
2020 has proven to be a challenging year on many fronts across the global market. I hope each of you and your families have remained safe and healthy through this unprecedented time. The natural gas industry specifically has had its fair share of challenges driven by the lowest NYMEX price on record in the last 25 years. 
However, the strategic actions we have undertaken since we first began leasing in the Marcellus Shale in 2006, which includes numerous divestitures of higher cost assets with proceeds utilized to maintain a healthy financial position, have positioned our company for continued success even in the very lows of a natural gas price cycle. While we are certainly not immune to lower natural gas prices, our low-cost structure, strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation strategy allow us to continue to generate corporate returns and free cash flow even in this current price environment. The good news is that we already experiencing significant tailwinds for the natural gas supply and demand outlook, driven by large declines in natural gas supplies across the U.S., coupled with an improving demand outlook heading into the winter heating season. As a result, since our early March, we have seen over a 35% increase in the NYMEX futures for 2022 to the current levels that are above $3, which would result in a material expansion of net income, free cash flow and return on capital employed next year. 
While we're extremely proud of our team's ability to successfully manage our operations during the ongoing pandemic while generating positive free cash flow in this low price environment, we believe better days lie ahead for Cabot in the 2021 and beyond. 
For the third quarter, specifically, we generated adjusted net income of $37.3 million or $0.09 per share and delivered a free cash flow breakeven program, despite a 26% decline in realized natural gas prices relative to the prior year comparable period. Our production for the quarter was approximately 2.4 Bcf per day, which was inside our guidance range despite price curtailment during the last 13 days of the quarter that were not included in our original guidance. Our unit cost for the quarter improved relative to the prior year period, and we continue to look for opportunities to improve on our peer-leading cost structure even in a flat price -- flat production environment. 
On the operational front, in yesterday's release, we provided the initial results of our 5 Upper Marcellus tests this year, which have been producing for an average of 140 days. Based on the curve fit to date, these wells are tracking above the average EUR of 2.7 Bcf per 1,000 lateral feet that we reported at year-end for our 2018 and 2019 Upper Marcellus wells. We believe these results continue to demonstrate the productivity of this distinct economic interval across our 173,000 net acre position in the core of the dry gas window in Northeast PA. As a reminder, we plan to allocate a modest amount of capital to the Upper Marcellus annually as we continue to refine our well design and lateral placement across this interval with the intent of moving to full development of our Upper Marcellus inventory at the tail end of this decade. 
We also continue to evaluate the optimal lateral length across our asset at -- and at this point, we expect to develop the Upper Marcellus at an average lateral length greater than 10,000 feet, which would provide significant well cost savings, further improving our economics of our Upper Marcellus inventory. Despite the questions we continue to receive on this high-quality reservoir, we have over 60 Upper Marcellus wells that, on average, have been producing for over 5 years, which continue to reinforce our confidence in the opportunity that awaits us when we move to the full development of this section. 
In yesterday's press release, we also reaffirmed our fourth quarter production guidance range, which includes the impact of previously announced price-related curtailments as well as our full year production and capital guidance. While our current year expectation for differentials in 2020 is slightly wider than originally anticipated, which is primarily due to wider local basis in September and October, resulting from weaker shoulder season demand and the east storage levels nearing capacity, however, we are still on track to generate positive free cash flow and far exceed our return of capital target of at least 50% of our free cash flow for the fifth consecutive year. 
Despite reducing absolute debt earlier this year through the repayment of our maturity in July, we have seen a moderate increase in our leverage ratio due to lower EBITDAX resulting from the low price environment. However, we still ended the quarter with a healthy debt-to-EBITDAX ratio of 1.5x and expect a significant deleveraging in 2021 through a combination of higher EBITDAX resulting from improved price realizations and lower absolute debt levels as we plan to utilize a portion of our expected free cash flow next year to retire our 2021 debt maturities. 
We also initiated a preliminary guidance for 2021. This maintenance capital program is expected to hold production levels roughly flat year-over-year at 2.35 Bcf per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million, representing a 7% reduction in capital spending year-over-year. The reduction in capital is driven by a combination of operating efficiency gains, resulting from the utilization of leading-edge technology across our operations and lower anticipated service costs. Our program for next year would generally -- would generate a sizable expansion in free cash flow year-over-year, allowing us to not only cover our base dividend and retire $188 million of maturing debt, but to also opportunistically return incremental levels of capital to our shareholders. We remain committed to returning a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders annually, which we have far exceeded over the last 5 years and will continue to evaluate the prioritization of incremental capital return between growing the base dividend, special/variable dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. It is our belief that depending on where we sit in the commodity price cycle, certain capital allocation options offer more value creation than others. And that maintaining financial flexibility is paramount, especially in a cyclical industry like ours. 
We are often asked what price level we would consider investing in growth again. While we have never believed in growth for the sake of growth, we do believe there are certain price environments that warrant disciplined investments in the expansion of operating cash flow, especially as the lowest cost producer. 
However, with the current natural gas futures in 2022 and beyond in backwardation, and well below the $3-plus environment we are anticipating in 2021, we do not believe this is the appropriate time to consider growing our production base. 
We do have new takeaway capacity coming on the Leidy South Expansion Project, for which a partial path in service was recently requested for as early as this December. This project will provide us additional access to premium markets in the mid-Atlantic. So if natural gas prices continue to rise in the out years, we have new outlets to support incremental value-enhancing growth. However, as we previously stated, our capital allocation priorities for next year are focused on maintaining our current production level, funding our current dividend, retiring our 2021 debt maturities and opportunistically returning incremental free cash flow to shareholders. 
In order to ensure that we are able to deliver on these strategic objectives for 2021, we have begun layering in hedges by opportunistically locking in downside protection while maintaining some level of market price exposure if natural gas prices continue to move higher. Specifically, we have primarily targeted costless collars approach with a weighted average floor that generates a compelling return on capital employed and a level of free cash flow, while still providing the potential for upside to the ceiling if prices remain higher. Currently, we have approximately 23% of our volumes hedged through financial contracts and an additional 16% of our volumes protected through floors in our physical sales next year. We will continue to use market rallies to opportunistically add to our hedge position and improve on our current floors and ceilings. 
Lastly, I'm pleased to announce that yesterday, we posted our inaugural SASB sustainability report to our website. At Cabot, we strive not only to be a leading independent producer of natural gas, but to also be a leader in safe, responsible operations and to minimize the impact of our operations on our employees, our community and the environment. Our success is developing a -- our success in developing abundant unconventional supplies of natural gas helps to support the goal of reducing total greenhouse gas emissions while achieving energy independence in the U.S. 
Cabot's legacy of corporate responsibility places high-value in operating with respect and care for people, property and the environment. We believe this commitment, along with our operational success, will continue to create strong value for our shareholders and other stakeholders in our communities. We are proud to report that our greenhouse gas emissions intensity for 2019 was 1.3 tons of carbon...

Oh, Scott just corrected me, 3.1 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent. This -- significantly lower than the production weighted average intensity of 15 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent for U.S. onshore assets, as reported by Enverus based on the 2018 publicly available data. 
We currently evaluate new opportunities and continuously do this for emissions reductions to ensure that Cabot is among the most efficient and lowest emitting domestic producers. We also believe our elimination of flaring in the Marcellus, which began in 2014, and our strong performance in water management, including recycled 100% of our water recovered in our Marcellus drilling, completion and production operations, which began in 2011, will continue to make us financially and environmentally superior as pressures for lower carbon and water conserving economies -- economics intensify. Hope you will each take a good look at our SASB report. We're extremely proud of how we measure up against peers and the desires of the investment community on all the metrics included in our report. 
In summary, Cabot's track record of disciplined capital allocation focused on generating improving corporate returns and increasing return of capital to shareholders, which is underpinned by strong free cash flow generation and an ironclad balance sheet as well as our continued focus on corporate responsibility and demonstrates our history of safe, responsible operations that support the goal of reducing total greenhouse emissions, does position us favorably, not only today, but for decades to come as it is our belief that natural gas will continue to play a significant role in the domestic energy supply going forward. 
And with that, Kate, I will begin to answer any questions.

Yes. Thanks, Leo. And yes, I'll turn this to Jeff in a second here, but we have seen the shoulder months, September and October, being difficult. Typically difficult at that time of year, but the storage levels exasperated that perception. For a while, But we did see on week-over-week, injections in a comparative sense be less than -- certainly less than last year, and majority of them less than the 5-year average. And I think that is moving into now -- to your point about convergence, I think that's moving into now the market converging rapidly as we've seen towards the latter part of October, an increase in the physical space. 
I'll let Jeff make a comment also.

I'll also add that where the prices are right now and you look at the -- just the fundamentals that are out in front of us that you do have an undersupplied market going into this winter. With an undersupplied market, if you do have a colder winter than expected, it's going to certainly move the price up. But I think also equally as important, if you have a normal winter or even a warmer winter with the undersupplied market, I do think there is a higher floor that's been placed under the market based on these fundamentals. And particularly, where we have seen a very strong rebound in the LNG going from back in, what, March, April, 3 B's a day export to recently 9 and pushing 10 Bcf a day export in LNG in the last couple of days.

Well, as I mentioned, our first commitment is to our stated dividend. We also are going to take care of our $188 million maturity, that's important. You look at our history, and in the last 5 years, we have returned a significant level of capital to our shareholders, over $1 billion. We've had a 5x. We have increased our dividend, and we have also brought back in about 14% of our outstanding shares by repurchases. But to prioritization, as I mentioned, dividend, maturities, but it has been our intent to deliver a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We'll continue to do that. We referenced -- I referenced earlier, a special dividend consideration, variable dividend proposition that some have outlined and made it a little bit more formulaic. We have not gotten to that stage yet. But if you look at our history as an example of our -- what this management group considers and the Board, we have given back a lot of our free cash flow over and above the 50%.

It's a good question, and we referenced in my comments that we're not going to grow for the sake of growth. And that there is a point that capital efficiency would make sense to allocate. But really, the way we see the market right now, Charles, and even at a slightly higher price point than where it is right now, we think that the capital program that we've laid out in the range of $530 million to $540 million is the appropriate program. We think a maintenance program is appropriate at this stage. You have to look at -- right now, the early winter season, you have to look at there is still a couple of hundred Bcf over comparison between this year's storage levels and the 5-year average and last year's storage levels. We are moving into an undersupplied market. We have uncertainty with winter out in front of us. So I think that from our perspective, and looking at what's prudent for the health of Cabot and this industry that we are better served to stick with a maintenance capital program, and that's what we're going to do.

Yes. We had -- those wells we referenced are wells drilled off 3 different pads and distinctly different areas of the field. And obviously, with an average of greater than 2.7, there's variability between the wells. And what we're seeing, in my comments I made, and what we're trying to do with our capital allocation right now with complete confidence in the distinctive nature of the zone, we have a thick per cell barrier between the upper and the lower. We gather data on any effects of offset wells that we've drilled. And each of these wells were drilled near previous drilled and producing Lower Marcellus wells. And we saw no effects on the Lower Marcellus wells, again, clear evidence of the distinct nature of the Upper Marcellus. But we are learning from our frac recipes and the landing position that we have been looking at in various different sections and a tweak of a frac recipe on various different landing sections to determine do we see differences in the results. 
So it's an early game, and we're just gathering data like every operator has done when they go into a new shale play. The Upper is a new shale play with the 60 or so wells that we've drilled in it. We're learning continuously as we go. We're not carrying the -- we learned from our Lower Marcellus and what we do there. But we also know the Upper is a distinctive reservoir to the Lower. So we're going to be well educated as we roll into our full development. At the end of this decade, we'll be well educated and ready to roll forward with greater than 10,000 foot laterals and an enhanced return profile for our Upper Marcellus wells.

Yes. Higher than where it is. We have -- you look at the backwardation and reference to 2022, it is -- has increased. Jeff referenced, I think, [ 2 75 ] plus or minus is where 2022 is right now. The current strip is north of $3 for '21. We are going to be able to generate -- with the market, what we see today in front of us, we've layered in some good floors to protect a very good program for 2021. That's going to deliver significant free cash flow greater than we've seen this year. Full coverage, we feel on our dividend and debt maturities and also incremental free cash flow above that. We think we're going to be able to see that. We're looking, again, with anticipation on the winter and what it does to the markets. We have for example, gas available for the non-New York market up there in New York. That non-New York market up there last year, as a reminder, averaged about as a $1.70 premium market to NYMEX in the first quarter of '19. That also just as a footnote on what that does to an annualized differential out there. And certainly, compresses the differential that we see in the in-basin area. So to answer you specifically, I'm just going to focus on and my preference is to focus on right now, what I think is better for Cabot Oil & Gas is better to focus on our commitment to a maintenance capital program at this time. We think that is important for the industry, and we think that our commitment and conviction to that at this point in time is the prudent position to take.

Yes, it's a good question, and I appreciate it. I'm going to hand the baton to Jeff.

Well, I really look at the -- I'll start with the macro environment, Brian. The macro environment has been oversupplied. And that oversupply has made it extremely difficult and challenging for our industry. You can look at the balance sheets across the space, both natural gas and oil producers' balance sheets has a level of stress that is going to be sticky. And when you look at the ability to delever in a market that is such a challenged and maybe oversupplied market in light of this pandemic, it is not in our best interest from a capital management standpoint to stress the -- our balance sheet and we think at this period of time, with the prices we see out there, that if we are going to see higher pricing, a return of that capital to our shareholders in the form of a dividend, in the form of special or variable dividend also, again, taking care of our $188 million debt maturity, is the most prudent use of capital. If there is a disconnect in valuation -- to your point and part of your question, if there is a disconnect in valuation about what we think is a value of Cabot stock, it is not as high a priority as a dividend to us. But we have bought back shares in the past, and that's certainly not off the table in the future.

Yes. To comment on that is risky. And I can say this that we have just ongoing discussions on the litigation. And we felt like that there is progress being made.

Yes. Can you hear me, Dave?

Yes. Now I can, yes.

Yes. And you are breaking up a little bit, David, but I think it indicated that at a [ 2 40, 2 50 ] realized, how do we reflect -- and beyond 2022, how do we reflect on growth versus maintenance. Don't take my statements today as we are going to maintain in a maintenance program forever. We are -- we understand the value of growth. We understand what growth can do for us. And at the right opportunity. And when we see the right macro outlay out in front of us. And if we can feel confident about the macro environment, that growth can be and will be in our future. 
But right now, today, we are laser-focused on the maintenance program, but I would be surprised if in the future, as the macro market continues to improve that we don't consider growth.

Yes. We have a very low capital intensity program. We only have and had 2 rigs, 3 rigs running for 2020. We've had 2 frac crews, now 1 frac crew, working up there. And to measure the cadence and to be able to time it just exactly right is difficult because we don't have many pad sites. And if you look at our gathering system, even though we have a great header system and we have flexibility within the gathering system, we do manage when and the timing we bring on the gas through the field in order to have the most efficiency of newly produced gas having the maximum positive effect without increasing any area of our header system pressures to where it might reduce older wells that are on the system. So it's a lot of moving parts. We do take that in consideration, what you're asking about, David. We do take that in consideration. And we have also brought wells on at a lower cadence and in anticipation of a better price point looking ahead if that opportunity is available to us. And we'll continue to do that in the future.

We're always interested in a value proposition. The idea of free cash and one of the luxuries that Cabot does have is we generate free cash. We have extremely strong balance sheet. And we feel good about our organic operation being able to generate free cash. The value proposition of buying assets on a PDP basis, which I think any asset today, if it moves, it's probably going to be on a PDP basis. If it fits in our wheelhouse, we'd consider it. But there's -- and I'll add that every deal that we have -- that we're aware of anywhere out there, Cabot's internal team does a high level scrub on it. And we do also an internal evaluation on can we have incremental accretive value added to Cabot shareholders on every deal out there? Every single deal that we know about out there. David, we do that. So to your point, would we do it on basin asset? Sure. We look at it because we do that as part of our DNA.

Yes. Kashy, so I appreciate the question. And I'll make a color statement, then pass it to Jeff. But the Leidy South is the near-term project. There's other projects on the book that Jeff can cover. But in addition, we also have a business development group that is in search of in-basin demand projects that would require incremental infrastructure, but it would not be in the form of the long haul pipes. Those conversations have been had in the past. Certainly, the pandemic has slowed down some conversations and getting together just by the sheer nature of what's going on in a lot of places. But it is our expectation that we will see in Northeast PA incremental in-basin demand projects that would create demand off of our tailgate of our gathering system. Similar to, though we don't -- I'm not including another power plant in the -- in my expectation. But we have the Lackawanna and Moxie power plants that are classic examples of in-basin demand projects that don't require long-haul pipe. 
I'll let Jeff talk about some of the ideas in the future.

Thank you, Kate, and I appreciate everybody's good questions and attention to Cabot business. 2020, as we mentioned, was an extremely difficult year on a commodity price point. I think we illustrated that even in this lowest price point in 25 years that we can still deliver free cash flow and maintain a great balance sheet and our operation. This is -- it's been a while since we've been able to look ahead and anticipate as optimistically as we are, the forward strip. I think the [ Street ] also is looking at it optimistically with the number of questions that we received today on growth. But we feel great about the position. We feel like the challenge of the commodity is going to have, maybe going forward, a different floor underneath it. I think, which will also reinforce Cabot's ability in a cyclical market to be able to still deliver what we've been able to deliver for the last 5 years. And that's a free cash flow, strong balance sheet and return of capital to our shareholders. 
So with that, I, again, appreciate it. Look forward to our year-end '20 call in February, and stay safe through this difficult time. Thank you very much.