Thank you, Andrea, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's first quarter of 2021 earnings call. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earning release.
Our results for the first quarter demonstrate Cabot's ability to deliver significant growth and profitability and free cash flow in a more normalized natural gas price environment than what we experienced during 2020. Our adjusted net income and free cash flow increased by over 175% relative to the prior year period, driven in large part by a 34% increase in realized natural gas prices. Our free cash flow of $138 million was our highest level since the first quarter of 2019 and represented Cabot's 17th quarter with positive free cash flow over the last 20 quarters, all while fully covering our quarterly base dividend and the repayment of $88 million of senior notes that matured during the quarter.
While higher realized prices were the primary driver of our stronger financial metrics, we also delivered another exceptional quarter operationally with our production of 2.29 Bcf per day, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range. Our CapEx coming in below expectations and our operating expenses per unit improving relative to the prior year period despite higher G&A expenses related to a onetime charge associated with our recent early retirement program.
Our balance sheet remains as strong it has ever been, with less than $900 million of net debt as of quarter end, resulting in a net leverage ratio of approximately 1x trailing 12-month EBITDA. This leverage ratio is expected to further improve throughout the year due to an increasing cash flow profile resulting from a higher natural gas price environment this year compared to the 25-year NYMEX low we experienced in 2020.
Our fortress balance sheet provides significant financial flexibility and will allow us to continue to return a significant amount of our free cash flow to shareholders this year and for years to come. This uniquely differentiates us from so many in our industry today who are approaching the inflection of positive free cash flow generation, but will be forced to utilize that free cash flow for significant balance sheet repair in medium term as opposed to capital return to shareholders.
On the topic of capital returns, yesterday, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly base dividend to $0.11 per share, which on an annualized basis represents a base dividend yield of 2.6%. As we highlighted on our year-end call, we are fully committed to a base plus supplemental dividend strategy, which incorporates a growing base dividend and an annual supplemental dividend to arrive at our minimum capital return target of at least 50% of our annual free cash flow.
Based on the current natural gas price outlook for this year, we expect to generate excessive free cash flow above our minimum capital return target and our debt repayment. This excess free cash flow is anticipated to be earmarked for additional capital returns, including opportunistic share repurchases, especially given the recent equity underperformance and/or incremental supplemental dividends as we have provided in the last few years.
On the operations front, Cabot has implemented a focused stage-by-stage completion design along each newly drilled wellbore to maximize production and minimize potential impacts to adjacent parent wells. Based on an in-depth engineering and geologic analysis of each offset well, our team develops a customized, segmented completion design for each new well lateral.
Design variables include the volume of fluid pump, profit concentration, cluster spacing and the treating rate for each section along the wellbore. This concept was utilized on each of the 4 pads and 21 wells that were placed on production in the first quarter with 2 to 4 different completion designs utilized in various sections of each lateral.
Additional safeguards were also employed to protect the 33 parent wells, which partially or fully offset these 21 new wells. Safeguards included the use of deep-set retrievable bridge plug and the installation of tubing and capillary strings in parent wells when bringing them back online. Our customized completion design in conjunction with offset mitigation measures to protect parent wells yielded very positive results.
Collectively, our new wells on these 4 pads are meeting pre-drill expectations, while the offset group of parent wells are producing above pre-drill test rates. We have seen very little impact to the parent wells with only 3 of the 33 parent wells having a combined impact of only 2 million cubic foot per day. We are very pleased with these results.
To remain on operations, Cabot has implemented another program enhancement operation. Cabot recently initiated a well pad compression program, which incorporates clean burn emission control systems. To date, we have installed compression on 6 of our pads. The pad compression -- compressors are to achieve a 10% to 15% pressure reduction at each of our installations, resulting in increased production rates and an EUR uplift of 5 to 15 Bcf per pad, all while delivering triple-digit rates of return and an average finding cost below $0.20 per Mcf for the incremental reserves. We currently have plans for 5 additional pad compression installations this year.
On the pricing front, we remain confident in our constructive outlook on natural gas pricing in both the short and midterm while we anticipate some near-term pressure on local basis differentials during the shoulder months. And as pipeline maintenance programs kick in, we expect to experience a much more bullish summer of 2021 and winter of 2021/'22 than our outlook at this time last year.
To begin, the global LNG supply and demand outlook this year is far more robust than what we experienced during the summer of 2020. U.S. LNG exports are currently averaging over 11 Bcf per day, an increase of 3 Bcf per day relative to the same period last year. Additionally, exports to Mexico continued to improve and recently set a record of over 7 Bcf per day, an increase of approximately 2 Bcf per day year-over-year, resulting in strong tailwinds for natural gas demand as we move into the second half of the year.
On the supply side, we continue to see capital discipline throughout most basins, including Appalachia where production volumes are roughly half -- roughly flat year-over-year and about 2.5 Bcf per day lower than the peak levels from fall of 2020. Despite higher natural gas prices, the rig count in Appalachia is down slightly relative to the same period last year, highlighting our belief that capital discipline across the basin remains intact.
More broadly, dry gas production across the Lower 48 remains about 1.5 Bcf per day, below levels from the same period in 2020 and approximately 5 Bcf per day below pre-pandemic levels from late 2019. Currently, Lower 48 natural gas storage levels are 302 Bcf less than last year and 40 Bcf below the 5-year average. More importantly, the Northeast and Midwest, 2 regions that materially affect Northeast pricing and summer demand, are collectively 162 Bcf below last year, and that deficit is expected to widen over the next couple of weeks.
As we look towards the end of season in October, storage levels are forecast to be around 3.5 Tcf or approximately 400 Bcf below October 2020 levels, setting up a much stronger scenario for the winter of 2021/2022. The 2021 NYMEX futures currently sits around $0.80 higher than the 2020 level. Though only a portion of the Cabot gas is affected, a widening basis in the Northeast has created some near-term headwinds for local prices.
However, we are still expecting a material increase in our realized price year-over-year. This will result in a significant expansion of free cash flow and returns on and above capital. The recent widening was primarily due to a major pipeline replacement project scheduled for May on behalf of the Leidy South expansion project. However, we are optimistic that summer demand for LNG and storage will negate this project weakness in basis.
Moreover, with the completion of the Leidy South expansion project, which includes 580 million cubic foot per day of new takeaway out of the basin and this is scheduled for December 1 in service, our expectation is Northeast differentials should return to a more moderate level.
In yesterday's release, we reaffirmed our full year 2021 plan to deliver an average net production rate of 2.3 Bcf net per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million. We also provided a second quarter 2021 production guidance range of 2.225 to 2.227 Bcf per day. The second quarter production guidance implies a slight sequential decline relative to the first quarter, which is a result of lower activity levels and capital spending during the winter season. Activity levels are expected to increase in the second and third quarter, resulting in sequential growth during the second half of the year, primarily during the fourth quarter in anticipation of higher natural gas prices in the winter and in service of the Leidy South expansion project.
While we all share the frustration regarding Cabot's recent underperformance, I firmly believe our expectations for outsized capital returns this year, which is underpinned by our disciplined capital program resulting in significant free cash flow expansion, will become more appreciated with time and continued execution. However, we remain fully committed to continuing our evaluation of all opportunities to further enhance shareholder value over time.
And with that, Angie, I'll be more than happy to open the floor up for questions.

Yes. We don't disagree with you, Josh. The underperformance is a standout, and we're disappointed with those results.
To your point, we are looking at what I discussed. We're looking at the buyback platform. We're also in our -- certainly, our most recent Board meeting we had this week, we've increased the dividend.
It's obvious our balance sheet is in great shape. So along the lines that you're discussing, we are focusing on it, and we appreciate your comment and agree with your comment.

Yes, we've always been stewards of the balance sheet. And with as low as our leverage is today, we have ample capacity to do a number of things that would be, I think, constructive.

Yes. When you look at the M&A space, and it's been active, of course, the pandemic put a lull on some of that from the standpoint of how trades might be able to make up with a significant volatility in the commodity price along with share prices.
Every company has its own opinion about how they ought to trade and where they ought to trade. So when you talk about the M&A space and you look at how you put together a transaction that can be a win-win transaction, it's not easy to find that point in time to be able to make it work.
I can assure you that Cabot has not done anything in our -- we've traded sideways while there's been significant volatility in our peers' stock from way below us to exceeding us in the, say, the last 6 months. And it's been a stark contrast once you had support in the commodity price, you got out of the window of concern about overleveraged companies and their outcome and their attention to their balance sheet. The [ beta ] plays and the torque in that investment by investors has carried the day, and it's been significant.
Cabot, with a clean balance sheet and cash flow for 17 out of 20 quarters, was -- that was yesterday. And we recognize that there's opportunity out there in the market. We are conscious of it. We evaluate it. We are not sitting on our laurels. We have discussion in our boardroom. We had discussions in our boardroom this week about this topic. In fact, it was the majority of the conversation.
So we're fully aware of kind of where we sit. We know the disappointment in Cabot's performance, share value performance. I happen to be a large shareholder also. I'm hacked off about it. And I'm not going to be sitting on my laurels, and the team's not. And we plan on looking for that best avenue to enhance shareholder value.

Yes, Leo. I agree with you, your sentiment on that. And I'll turn this over to Jeff in one second, but we are excited about new takeaway capacity. Anytime you have greater than 0.5 Bcf a day that's going to now be a new infrastructure to exit volumes directly out of the basin we sell a portion of our gas into, we think it is going to be constructive on differentials. We're very much looking forward to its positive effects. And I'll turn it over to Jeff for comments also, Leo.

Yes, Leo, good questions. And from our perspective and looking at what we have out in front of us and really just what Jeff was talking about, it's teed up very well for us moving forward into the rest of the year and into 2022. When you look at the expectations on free cash flow generation for Cabot, it's going to be a fairly robust number.
You can look at our history. And we have been, in the last few years, fairly generous on -- and rightfully so, generous on returning a large portion in much greater than 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders.
We have -- and I'll let Scott talk about our program a little bit, but we have our dividend and the variable piece, supplemental. And we do expect that in light of the horizon and the picture we're painting both from the demand, LNG, Mexico, the rationalization of capital allocated in the basin, we're going to expect favorable pricing.
So in looking at how we would manage the available cash, we're already talking about it. And I think the shareholders should look forward to what we'll have out in front of us. I'll let Scott make a comment on...

Yes, that's a good question, Charles. And what we've seen so far, no, it hasn't cost us anything on our recipe on completion. We have -- the early results on our new wells, the early results have certainly met our expectation of what we would have anticipated seeing. And on the 2 million a day on the parent wells, that is basically no effect. We would anticipate possible just -- that to clean up and not be a rounding error as we move forward.
So again, yes, we are excited and pleased that some of the revisions that we had to look at this last year were a result of this phenomenon, i.e., parent/child. Every company in the industry is dealing with this.
The -- at 4 wells -- 4 pads and 21 wells, 33 offsets, we're getting a database now with the surgical completion we have that we think we are having a recipe that not only mitigates offset, but it also effected completions in the child well also. We don't think we're compromising our completion standard.

Well, one of the things that you need to take away, Charles, and I know you know this, you followed Cabot for a long time, but I think it's worth repeating, Cabot is the lowest capital intensity company out there. 2 rigs -- we have 3 running right now, but we're going to lay one of those rigs down as we've already messaged. And we'll be between 1.5 and 2 frac crews.
So anytime we are out there, and it takes so few wells and pads to be able to maintain our forecast levels of production. If we drill an 8-well pad, and that pad whether it's for weather or for whatever reason, if it's delayed, say, 200 million a day, it's delayed for a week. 200 million a day delayed for a week and say that occurred at the very end of the quarter.
We report when we bring those wells on at the end of the quarter as new wells brought on. Kind of like we did this quarter, bringing on 21 wells. But if that 8-well pad comes on the last week of the quarter, it's reflected as a quarter completion. But 8 wells coming on at the end of a quarter have, in essence, very little impact on production in that quarter. So you're looking at -- a week delay is, at a 200 million a day pad, is 1.4 Bcf.
So that is how to fine-tune it like that. It's not always easy for us to cover our cadence or to smooth out our cadence because we don't have 10 rigs running. We don't have 5 or 6 frac crews. We don't have that mix of pads where you can balance out a new pad coming on at various different times. We're more lumpy just by the nature of being a very low capital intensity company.
It's a good news, but when we report and we get granular on the cadence, it's kind of hard to use that metric with Cabot just simply because -- just like we're going to see this year in the second quarter, third quarter, we're going to start bringing on a lot more stages than we have through the first quarter, and we're going to start ramping up.
So that's -- I understand where you're going with it. And I would love to be able to smooth it out, Charles. But that's some of what I deal with and the frustration I have on trying to report on a quarterly basis. And when I read the tie between the number of wells brought on and how inefficient or the lack of production tied to the number of wells brought on, I look up and say, well, maybe we need to put in there exactly when those wells came on in a month to be able to have a better tie.

Yes, you're right. It is a little bit early for disclosing 2022. We are working on 2022 program. We take in consideration, just like we do on our capital, our free cash flow management, how we're going to allocate and what we're going to do with that.
The same holds true with our capital program for 2022. We're evaluating exactly how hot out of the box we might want to come and our design of our program, which would really answer that question. But it is early in the season to lay that out, but I appreciate the question.

Yes, it's just the -- again, the other element that needs to be focused on would be not only the timing, the number, but also keep in mind that our -- we're not in a geographically in a perfect squares sectional drilling. Our units set us up there, our various configurations by nature of Pennsylvania.
And our lateral lengths, number of stages, when you tie it to a well count, it's not as systematic as it would be if you had, and what I hope to be able to do, in the Upper Marcellus, which I think is going to be more systematic than the drilling that we now have in the Lower Marcellus, where we drilled 10,000-foot laterals and we'll have consistent number of stages in our clean map in the Upper Marcellus, which will gain efficiencies for that project.
In the unit configurations and what we've drilled in the Lower right now, as we come back through the field to fill in, the number of frac stages in each well is going to be more variable with our program right now until we get into the Upper. That affects exactly the cadence and the type of pads that we bring on along with the timing of those pads.
So -- and I'm trying to answer the question on expectation and some of the variables that go into that expectation. To sum it up in a different way, we're not concerned about what we're seeing on results of our wells. In fact, we're more pleased with what we're seeing now on the offset impacts that had affected what we had seen in the rearview mirror a little bit in 2020 -- latter part of '19 and 2020 when we had more of an impact on the parent wells. And being able to unload those parent wells and some of the impacts we had with frac hits on those parent wells in the latter part of '19 and latter part of '20, that did affect our forecasting and how we would look at the measurement of the results and to tie back to the number of wells we brought on.
Moving forward, assuming our results stay consistent as we have with our surgical completions, we don't expect now to have that impact as we bring on completions from the child wells. We do expect now to get a more immediate impact and uplift and similar production return to the parent wells after our completion of the child. So we're hoping that we are mitigating that concern.

Yes. I'll -- I think Jeff is the perfect one to answer this question.

Well, there's a couple of things. I'll answer the second question first. And I'm going to have you repeat the first question, David. You were breaking up on me a little bit.
But we feel good about what we've seen and our expectation about replication. The 4 pads, 21 wells, again, when we steer our wells on the child drilling, we know exactly what our landing points are and we're trying to mitigate the impacts also with picking our landing zones on the parent wells and as I've already indicated, the variables we're using on the completion.
So we do anticipate positive results. We think that is going to certainly be a metric that will enhance our program, simply by not having the impact that we saw in the latter part of '19 and some of our wells on 20. We saw -- not only was it difficult to bring some of those wells back on, and we took revisions on some of those wells.
And keep in mind, some of those wells that we took provisions on, we think certainly have the ability to come back on. It's just when we see it, we report it as we see it. But we do and have seen some of the wells continue to improve back from the frac impact that we received.
So we're optimistic going forward. We do think that if we look back and look at that as a negative surprise in 2020, we hope we've mitigated that in 2021 reporting results. And David, I'm going to have to ask you for the -- repeating the first question.

Let me make sure I understand the question. For one, the completion design is not adding any incremental cost to what we would have done if we would have completed the entire lateral in a similar fashion. In fact...

Yes. And in fact, I would have to get Phil Stalnaker kind of to answer the question more directly. But you might have incremental savings, if you would, if you have maybe less fluid or less proppant in a particular frac, but I don't think it'd be consequential enough on the savings side to try to dissect it.

Yes, I'll make a quick comment, turn it to Scott. But what you're talking about, David, is -- and what a clean balance sheet does for us, it gives us all the optionalities that you've just defined, that we do have flexibility. I can assure you, in this environment, that we're not going to a 0 net debt position. We have flexibility.
I know Scott talks about it. Scott and Matt visit -- about kind of what capacity we have, how we might utilize that to enhance shareholder value.
And we're going to continue to do that. And we're not so conservative, I'm not so conservative, to where we're going to try to get to net debt and not utilize the opportunity with this available cash to enhance shareholder value. And I'll turn that to Scott.

Thank you, Angie. And great questions. I appreciate investors' patience.
Again, I've mentioned I'm a shareholder. My frustration is equally as high as maybe some of yours. And I can assure you that my optimism going into the season, we're going into and the setup that we have at -- in front of us is significantly better than it has been. And I'm optimistic that we're going to be able to start enhancing shareholder value.
So thanks again, and thank you for the questions. I look forward to the next visit.