Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2020 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the second quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, is available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them. 
Starting this morning, I want to thank all AutoZoners across the entire organization for their hard work and dedication to delivering great customer service in light of a challenging sales environment this past quarter. As I mentioned on our last conference call, weather during our second quarter each year can be volatile and can significantly impact our performance. Coming off of a strong fall selling season, having delivered 3.4% same-store sales in Q1, we were confident in our ability to execute but remain cautious heading into our second quarter. And as it has been widely reported, the winter weather was much milder in our second quarter than last year. While our sales were certainly meaningfully below plan and our expectations, to deliver both net income and EPS at the level we were was commendable. 
We have an amazingly simple business, yet it has to be executed every day at a very high level across more than 6,400 locations in multiple countries and geographies in order to make everything work. This is where our culture continues to guide and differentiate us. This past quarter, we continued to focus on our many initiatives, not the least of which included incremental inventory replacements, mega hub rollouts, ongoing enhancements to how we digitally interact with our commercial customers and the rollout of our updated retail POS system. We feel both our store presentation and customer service is second to none in our space. But I can also tell you with full certainty, we are happy to put this quarter behind us and focus on delivering materially better sales performance for the remainder of the year. 
In providing a little more color this morning, I'll talk about the monthly sales cadence, regional sales performance differences, retail versus commercial and lastly, merchandise categories impacted by the quarter's results. In regard to cadence for the quarter, as we completed the first 2/3 of our quarter, our same-store sales were positive but certainly below our plan and expectations. As you will recall, in the prior year, the winter weather was also mild until the last 2 weeks of our quarter when the polar vortex arrived. As we were comparing against a mild winter with another one, our same-store sales were positive, but our 2-year growth was considerably softer than it was in our first quarter. At the end of this quarter, as we compared against the severe winter weather last year, our performance compared to last year was very poor with combined same-store sales down 6% for the last 2 weeks. However, on a 2-year comp store basis, the last 4 weeks of the quarter were substantially stronger than the first 2/3 of the quarter. Unfortunately, as we have stated many, many times, the timing of our second quarter can result in quite volatile sales performance, both good and bad. And the timing this year couldn't have been much worse. In the end, weather impacts normalize over time, and our focus is on our long-term performance. 
Our performance was particularly soft in the Midwestern and Northeastern markets, where same-store sales ended 580 basis points lower in these Northern markets than in our remaining markets and an even larger 1,700 basis points lower than the remaining markets over the last 2 weeks of our quarter. Our sales follow-up was more pronounced for our DIY business than commercial, but we certainly saw the trajectory of our business slow during this time frame for both businesses. With over 25% of our sales coming from our Midwestern and Northeastern markets, we could not make up for the sales shortfall from these areas from sales in other markets. 
Regarding merchandise mix during the quarter, our cold weather businesses, think batteries, antifreeze and seasonal fluids, were down materially in total across retail and commercial combined. These categories are significant businesses for us, particularly in the winter, and they were our worst-performing categories and combined, were down more than 9% on a same-store basis across the country for the quarter. And we're both down north of 20% the last 2 weeks of the quarter. 
The testament to our team is how resilient our model is during changes in performance during certain periods. With a very challenged sales environment, our team delivered 2% growth in EBIT and grew earnings per share 7.8% for the quarter. This clearly didn't meet our expectations or aspirations but was impressive, nonetheless. Our financial model allows us to grow cash flow and EPS steadily. 
I'm very proud of how diligent our organization is in all business climates. During the quarter, our market share, based on the data available to us, was slightly positive through the end of January. While our sales performance for Q2 was comfortably below our plan and expectations, we haven't seen any material changes in the market or industry drivers beyond weather. We are excited to enter our third quarter, where we began to enter our robust selling season, which is starting in earnest right now as federal tax refunds begin to reach our customers. We have had mild winters in the past, but each cycle is different. This year, we expect -- initially you're seeing a now normalized tax refund season. We believe both our retail and commercial businesses will improve from this quarter's results. 
We're also doing some great things that we feel will benefit sales over time. Our MegaHub store rollout continue along with key investments in technology. We believe these areas of investment allow us to further differentiate our offerings from our competitors or to close competitive gaps that may exist, allowing us to accelerate further in our industry. We opened 2 more MegaHubs this quarter and now have 39 locations. Our MegaHubs provide deep, very deep local market coverage for hard-to-find parts. This is critical to both of our sectors but particularly important to our commercial business. And our store and commercial systems have and will continue to receive enhancements this year, making us easier for our customers to do business with while simultaneously making it more efficient for our AutoZoners. As we enter our all-important sales season, our stores look great, and our AutoZoners are doing an excellent job focusing on customer service. We believe we are ready for the remainder of the year. 
To provide specifics on the quarter, our total sales grew 2.6% this quarter. This compares to last quarter growing at 5.7%. Our DIY sales comp were down versus last year while DIFM sales were up 8.2% in total. Both of these numbers were negatively affected by the calendar shift, causing a 63 basis point headwind for the quarter. 
Regarding our domestic commercial business, we were up against 12.9% growth in the second quarter last year and a harder comparison to last quarter, but we expected we could reach positive double-digit growth. While we did not achieve our targeted double-digit goal for the quarter, we feel our team across the organization, from our sales team to our operators, merchants, technologists, marketers, credit team to ALLDATA and on and on, have really bought in to providing a compelling differentiated comprehensive experience for our customers. And with that approach, we will continue to be rewarded with incremental business in the marketplace by our customers. 
While we remain smaller than many of our peers in absolute sales volume, our growth rate has been very robust, growing significantly more than the industry growth rate. This growth has come from a combination of many initiatives that have been in development for years, including inventory assortment improvements, hub and MegaHub store expansions, the ever strengthening reputation of the Duralast brand across our professional customer base, technology enhancements, increased engagement of our very strong store operating teams and tremendous efforts on the part of our entire sales organization to effectively convey our value proposition. 
We also grew our commercial sales per store at mid-single-digit rate versus last year's second quarter. Although we are averaging fewer annual program openings as approximately 85% of our stores already have a program, the programs we have opened continue to produce for us. We averaged $9,400 in weekly commercial sales per program this past quarter, up 5% over last year. We have grown our sales with mature customers and mature programs at substantially improved growth rate the last 2 years versus previous years, indicating our offerings. Products, coverage, customer service and ability to enhance the customers' overall shopping experience are improved and have been recognized and rewarded by our customers. 
Finally, our up and down the street business, otherwise known as independent repair shops, grew faster than our overall commercial business, indicating that the improvements we are making are broad-based across different geographies and customer types. Our AutoZoners' confidence regarding the commercial business continues to increase, and this will continue to have a very positive impact on the business. We believe there remains considerable growth opportunities for us in commercial as our customers are appreciating our new and enhanced offerings. 
Regarding our domestic DIY business, regionally, we did better out West with the Northeast and Midwest performing quite poorly versus last year. As we reminded folks on last quarter's call, the second quarter is always our most volatile quarter from a sales perspective, both positively and negatively. But over time, weather effects normalize and thus, our sales performance. 
In regard to modeling for the upcoming quarters, we feel there are enough tailwinds within the business that we are planning for sales growth from here for the remainder of the year. We also expect that as our initiatives roll out across the chain for both DIY and DIFM, they will add to improved sales performance. 
In regard to our technology investments, we've invested a great deal in both operating and capital expense to benefit our DIY and DIFM businesses. Recently, we rolled out our internally developed new POS system to our stores. This new system leverages new architecture and technologies that will expedite retail sales transactions by making the workflow more succinct and logical with touch screen capabilities and allowing us to make future changes much quicker as we replace some very old legacy code.
We've also done some important work behind the scenes that should help increase our agility by updating our store operating system and implementing a new human capital management system. We're also investing a great deal in our commercial systems. And as we continue to test these new technologies, we remain confident that allowing our customers easier means of doing business with us will help commercial continue to grow at an accelerated pace for the future. 
On last quarter's call, we highlighted that we were -- what we were seeing with tariffs. We noted that as a result of tariffs, we expected to have a higher amount of inflation in our cost of goods on a SKU-by-SKU basis than we had in the past. In past years, it was common for us to have deflation at the cost level. But due to tariffs, we began to see costs rise. As the tariffs were introduced, we began to pass those costs on to our customers through higher retail prices. We were also successful in negotiating with certain vendors to share the costs from tariffs. However, we did have to incur some price increases. As certain tariffs are considerable, in particular product lines, we intentionally passed those costs along in higher retails in tranches as we absorb those costs through our weighted average cost accounting method. 
At this point, we're not planning for any further tariffs on goods imported from China. And in fact, we're trying to get tariffs reduced by applying for relief through the U.S. customs office. To date, tariffs and their impact on our costs and retails have been manageable. As we begin to lap the tariff cost and commensurate retail increases we implemented last year, we've been asked about the impact this will have on same-store sales. While we do not expect to incur the same like-for-like SKU inflation as in the past year, we don't believe that tariffs were a material net benefit over the last year nor do we think there will be a significant headwind for the next 12 months. 
At this point, I'd like to talk about any disruption we may be seeing from the ongoing coronavirus epidemic. While we have not incurred disruption thus far, we must and are being diligent. We have created a contingency plan for each merchandise category sourced from China. Our teams have done a wonderful job planning for potential scenarios. At this point, we have nothing substantial to report. But the longer this outbreak lasts, the more it will impact ourselves in both our and the overall retail industry. It is currently a very fluid situation as many of the factories have just begun to reopen after an extended Chinese Lunar New Year holiday. Some are coming back online quickly while others quite slowly, and certain of them haven't come back online yet. The next few weeks will be critical. 
Turning to our omnichannel efforts. We continue to invest in our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting customers when, where and how they want to shop. We have initiatives in place to improve our in-store systems and websites, autozone.com, AutoZonePro, mobile app, Duralast parts and ALLDATA. We continue to see growth in website traffic and rapid growth in ship to home, next-day delivery and Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store sales. But omnichannel still represents a very small percentage of our business, substantially below 5%. We continue to see Buy Online and Pick-Up In-Stores as our largest omnichannel business with its mix of omnichannel total sales at over 40% and higher than last year. Our BOPUS model continues to grow faster than our ship-to-home business, highlighting the importance of our high-touch operating model where customers place a high value on the trustworthy advice our AutoZoners deliver to them. 
Regarding our annual operating theme for 2020, 40 Years of WOW! Customer Service, we continue to push for a relentless focus on what matters to our customers: exceptional service, fast deliveries, high-quality parts and products, trustworthy advice and flawless execution across the enterprise. We continue to identify and remove all redundant or noncustomer-facing activities for our store AutoZoners. By removing or streamlining these tasks, we know we can improve our service levels of customer service. This will continue to be a major focus for us for the balance of the year. Along with improving local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with substantial opportunities for advancement and work to ensure we provide strong returns for our shareholders. 
In summary, while we were not pleased with our top line performance, we were pleased with our operating performance and remain encouraged with our industry strength in both DIY and DIFM and our prospects for the remainder of the fiscal year. We believe macro factors, such as relatively low gas prices and increasing miles driven, remain largely in our favor. We remain committed to growing our market share in both DIY and commercial. 
Now let me provide more detail on what we accomplished during the quarter. For the quarter, we opened 25 new stores in the United States, and our commercial business opened 25 net new programs. Currently, 85% of our domestic stores have a commercial program, and the vast majority of our international stores have a commercial program. During the quarter, we continued to expand our international footprint, opening 2 new stores in Mexico and 1 in Brazil. 
We should once again highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our second quarter at 35.3%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best in all of hardlines retailers. However, our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return well in excess of our cost of capital. It's important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital. 
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to again thank our AutoZoners for their efforts to deliver great service to our customers and solid financial results for the second fiscal quarter of 2020. 
Now I'll turn it over to Bill Giles. Bill?

Thank you, Bill. Clearly, our sales performance in Q2 was disappointing. We didn't achieve our plans nor our aspirations. We always know Q2, our shortest, lowest sales season, will be volatile. And this year, due to a very mild winter, our performance suffered and suffered mightily in specific weather-sensitive categories and in particular markets. As we analyze our performance in great detail, we're confident that the key driver this quarter was weather. As we cannot influence the weather and as we know weather impacts normalize over time, our goal is to ensure we understand the drivers of our business and then move on and focus on what we can control. 
Most of our senior team has been in this business and with this company for decades, and we have seen this in the past and are focused on delivering optimal performance in the short-term in light of the sales environment. But our real focus isn't on any single quarters but building our business for the long term. We all have seen enough cycles to know them when we see them. As we have resided internally, we weren't brilliant in the first quarter and lost our touch in the second. This, too, shall pass. With half fiscal 2020 behind us, we believe we continue to be very well positioned to grow sales and earnings for the remainder of the year. 
Many are now looking at previous mild winters and trying to extrapolate them to the balance of the year, as are we. But there are always other key factors that impact our industry's performance: what is the timing of tax refunds, what's going to happen with summer weather patterns, where are we with the aging of the car park and sweet spots and on and on and on. In the end, we believe our sales will strengthen from here. And our focus remains on managing this business to the optimum profitability based on the current industry sales environment, which will run through normal marginal cycles from time to time. Our team did just that in the second quarter. 
As we look to the balance of the year, we commit that we will manage this business well, and we will manage it for the long term. Our business model is amazingly consistent. We generate a healthy amount of cash flow each and every year. And this year will be no different. Each year, we target to generate as much or more operating cash flow as the year before. And this year, we have the same target. Let me reiterate, we believe we are in good shape for the back half of the year. For the new year, we must continue to execute consistently at a high level. We understand we must adhere to living the pledge and doing what is right for our customers. We cannot take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. 
For the remainder of the year, we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives, and we will -- we'll remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary tests that get in the way of making the customer experience better for both the DIY and the professional customer. We remain focused on growing our DIY business and continuing to grow our commercial business well in excess of industry growth rates. We promise to remain committed to both executing our strategies and getting better every single day. 
I'd like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers, which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve, and ultimately, rewards our shareholders. 
Now I'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. Sure. I appreciate the question. We have a long-standing practice. We release our earnings usually within 2 weeks and a couple of days at the end of the quarter. And we have a long-standing practice to not talk about such a short period of time. As we evidenced with the last 2 weeks of the quarter, our business can be incredibly volatile over short periods of time, and we don't want anybody to try to extrapolate that, good or bad, for a 12-week quarter. So we have a long-standing practice to not talk about it. 
What we do say is the second quarter is certainly more volatile than the third quarter. As we're entering the third quarter, we anticipate tax refunds coming. As I'm sure most of you have noticed, there was a significant amount of tax refund, $67 billion that were issued last Wednesday. That appears to be generally on track with where we were last year. And we're excited to enter this very important selling season for us.

Yes. It's -- again, one of those things, it's very hard to tell. As we talked about what happened with the end of the quarter, that could've -- Q2 could've been a net positive or a net negative. In the end, it was a net negative because of the way the weather hit at the very end of the season. We anticipate we will get what's happened in the first half of the year back in the second, but it's going to depend somewhat on what happens around the beginning of the quarter and the ending of the quarters.

Yes. I think you're right. I mean I think it's the latter. As we begin to move into the spring season, what dominates our performance is no longer extreme weather patterns. In the wintertime -- and a lot of people want to look at what's happening with average temperatures, which is an indicator. But what really matters to us in the wintertime is when we get extreme cold for an extended period of time, 3, 4, 5 days. That puts lot of pressure on failure parts. The other part that really matters to us is what's happening with road conditions. If we get a lot of snow and ice and freezing temperatures, that puts the road conditions in pretty bad shape, which puts more pressure on undercar and brake systems. 
One of the things as we enter this period of time, it's more about the maintenance categories. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that a lot of times, everybody wants to compare to what's happened in the last 3 or 4 mild winters. And that's absolutely right, and we're doing the same thing. But there are other things that are happening in the environment. One of the things that's happened in some of the previous mild winters is we had a significant amount of our maintenance businesses that were pulled forward into Q2. You found not only was it not extreme cold temperatures, but you had some very nice weekend weather, and people did DIY jobs. We did not see that in Q2. So we're anticipating as these tax refunds flow, as the weather improves, that we should have more robust maintenance performance.

Yes. Great questions. So we've now opened 39 MegaHubs. We've stated externally that we want to get to 70 to 90. We're very aggressively pursuing those at this point in time, very pleased with the continued performance of our MegaHubs and think that they are a key contributor to commercial. They're also a contributor to retail, but very pleased with that progress.

I think adding a little bit to that, too. We also -- and we talked about it in our prepared remarks, our up and down the street business continues to perform very, very well. We did see more challenges with our more national account businesses, many of which are concentrated in the Northeast and Midwest. So we're encouraged by that as well.

Yes, Bret. Great question. I should have clarified that in the prepared remarks. We don't have good visibility to market share gains in commercial. So generally, we've grown commercial at 8%. The market has grown by 4%. We're pretty confident we're gaining share. My specific comments about growing shares slightly are come up from a few different indications that we have on the DIY side of the business.

Yes. I can't speak for theirs. We have certainly seen SKU over SKU year-over-year inflation. And the bigger change isn't that we've seen major inflation. That's generally that we've seen deflation. As you think about it, our parts come into the life cycle, and they're very short runs. And so the costs are more expensive. As the part becomes -- goes through the bell curve and becomes much more -- much higher volumes, our costs go down, and therefore, we have significant deflation, as is shown in our LIFO, major LIFO reserve that we've had forever. 
In the last 18 months or so, we have seen some inflation. We have been very careful about managing that inflation. And as we said in our prepared remarks, if we had a 25% tariff, we didn't go out and raise our price 25%. We went out and worked that in, in tranches so that we didn't shock the customer. Over time, we think we've done a pretty good job of rolling those price increases in. We've also worked with several of our partners on not pushing the full amount to the customer. There's been some changes in the RMB currency, and we've taken advantage of that. So we've been very, I think, judicious about it. We don't think we saw a big net benefit as costs go up, there is some tampering down of demand. We don't think we saw a major significant net benefit, and therefore, we don't think we'll see a major significant deficit.

Yes, we can.

On the productivity, we're always working on different productivity initiatives. But if you're talking about are we changing the way we go to market and our supply chain by implementing a tremendous amount of new automation or those kind of things, at this point, we're not. We're constantly looking at the calculations of where the IRRs make sense. As wage pressure goes up, it changes the economics. And we'll continue to look at it, but we don't have anything to talk about significantly currently.

It's a very interesting question. As you would expect, over the last month or so, we have been very focused on the supply chain aspects of coronavirus and in the last week or 2, more and more focused on what's happening here in the United States and ultimately, Mexico and Brazil. We see no indications at this point in time of any demand destruction as a result to coronavirus. But just like we said with the supply chain, it's an incredibly, incredibly fluid situation. I think the next couple of weeks to a month, are going to be critical to see what actually happens. We don't have good insights into that.

There's a lot packed into that question. We haven't been big on talking about the ramification of the car park over the last 12 years. We all know that there was a significant divot in new car sales in 2009. And that as those cars came into the "sweet spot," there was a headwind for a while, and now it looks like it's turned into a tailwind. I think it's on the margin in both instances. What we like to see is steady state, new vehicles coming on the road, 16 million, 17 million. The scrappage rate doesn't appear to change much at all, and therefore, we just have a steady state of new cars. I don't think there's anything in the next 2 or 3 or 4 years that's going to be radically different than what we've seen in the past.

Yes. Terrific question. I think what gives us the confidence is that we've been here before. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, most of our management team has been here for decades. We've seen times of strength. We've seen times of softness. We certainly saw softness in the second quarter. 
As we're looking at the second half of the year, we have concerns and we also have things we're very positive about. On the concern side, I mentioned earlier that the roads, particularly in the Midwest and the Northeast, haven't had the kind of difficult conditions that put stress on brake systems and undercar systems. That's likely to be a bit of a headwind as we go through the second half of the year. That said, unlike some other previous winters, we didn't see this significant pull forward of demand in those exact categories, which are heavily maintenance categories. 
So we're looking at where we are. We absolutely are disappointed with the second quarter, but we don't see anything that changed as a result of the second quarter other than those road conditions. And therefore, we've made 0 changes in our plans for the second half of the year. Again, to us, we're disappointed. We hate a bad quarter, but we're not managing this business for quarter-to-quarter. We're managing this business for long term, and that's the approach we're going to continue to take. And we're very optimistic that just like we've been very successful over the last decades, we're going to continue to be successful as we look forward.

Great. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress that this is a marathon, not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. 
Thank you for participating in today's call, and have a great day.