Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2022 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the second quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them. 
As we begin, we want to continue to stress that our highest priority remains the safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. Everyone, everyone across the organization takes this responsibility very seriously, and I am extremely proud of how our team has continued to respond to COVID-19 and the recent Omicron variant. Since the start of the pandemic, we have consistently recognized our AutoZoners in our stores and distribution centers for giving exceptional service in the face of all the challenges COVID-19 has presented. This quarter, we will start the same way by saying thank you to our AutoZoners for their dedication to providing exceptional customer service and helping our customers with their automotive needs.
This morning, we will review our overall same-store sales, DIY versus DIFM trends, our sales cadence over the 12 weeks of the quarter, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. We'll also share how inflation is affecting our costs and retails and how we think they will impact our business for the remainder of the fiscal year. Lastly, I'll touch on the subject of pricing in the industry. 
Our domestic same-store sales were an impressive 13.8% this quarter on top of last year's very strong 15.2%. Our team has once again executed an exceptionally high level and delivered amazing results despite the ongoing very challenging environment. In Q1 of this fiscal year, we reported 13.6% same-store sales on top of 2021's Q1 same-store sales of 12.3%. Impressively, very impressively, our team delivered accelerating 2-year comps in our second quarter. Our growth rates for retail and commercial were both strong with domestic commercial growth north of 32%. Commercial set a second quarter record with $844 million in sales, an incredible accomplishment. We generated $200 million more in sales this quarter than in Q2 last year. 
On a trailing 4-quarter basis, we generated $3.8 billion in annualized commercial sales versus $2.9 billion just a year ago, up 30%. We also set a record in average weekly sales per store for any second quarter at $13,500 versus $10,500 last year. On a 2-year basis, our sales accelerated from last quarter, exceeding 46% in commercial. Domestic commercial sales represented 25% of our total company sales, another record for us, compared to 21.9% last year. Our commercial sales growth continues to be driven by a host, and I want to emphasize, a host of key initiatives we've been working on for the last several years. 
We improved our satellite store inventory availability. We've had massive improvements in Hub and Mega-Hub coverage. We're leveraging the strength of the Duralast brand. We have better technology to make us easier to do business with. We have significantly improved our delivery times. We've enhanced our sales force's effectiveness, and we're living consistent with our pledge by being "priced right" for the value proposition that we deliver. We continue to execute very well in commercial, and we are extremely proud of our team and their performance. 
We're also very proud of our organization's performance in domestic DIY. We ran at 8.4% comp this quarter on top of last year's 15.7%. As our DIY 2-year stacked comp accelerated from the first quarter, it's remarkable to reflect on 4 consecutive quarters of more than 20% 2-year comps in this more mature portion of our business. From the data we have available to us, we continue to not only retain the enormous 3 full points of share gains we've built during the initial stages of the pandemic but modestly continued to build on those gains. Our performance, considering the amount of time from the last stimulus and the ending of the enhanced unemployment benefits, has substantially exceeded our expectations and gives us more conviction on the sustainability of these sales levels. 
Now let's focus on sales cadence. Our same-store sales decreased sequentially from late November through January and then accelerated again in the few days of the quarter we had in February. The deceleration through January could be deceiving as last year's comp strengthened as the quarter progressed as a result of the federal stimulus distributed around the first of last calendar year. Given the dynamics in the past 20 months, we, like others who've benefited from the pandemic, believe it has been more instructive to look at 2-year stacked comps. On this basis, the monthly results were almost identical and were very stable. For Q2, our 2-year comp was 29.1%, and the 4-week periods of the quarter increased 29.6%, 28.9% and 29.1%, respectively. 
Regarding weather, until February, we experienced warmer-than-usual weather in the Northeastern U.S., while the remainder of the country experienced pretty normal winter trends. Overall, we feel weather did not play a material role in our sales performance. As we look forward to the spring months, we believe we will see normal weather trends, and therefore, weather is not planned to be a big story for this upcoming quarter or summer. As a reminder, historically extreme weather, either cold or hot, drives parts failures and accelerated maintenance. 
Regarding this quarter's traffic versus ticket growth. In retail, our traffic was up slightly, while our ticket was up 7.8%. This slight transaction count growth continues to be a meaningful acceleration from pre-pandemic levels, although it decelerated versus last year, as expected, due to the elimination of stimulus and enhanced unemployment. In our commercial business, we saw most of the sales growth come from transaction growth from new and existing customers. It was encouraging for us to see sales trends remain strong, and we continue to be pleased with the momentum we are seeing in both domestic businesses heading into the spring months.
During the quarter, there were some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are. But this quarter, we saw a mere 15 basis points difference between the Northeast and Midwest compared to the balance of the country. As winter definitely came in late January in the Northeast and Midwest, we are expecting that gap will remain close. Also, the market share data suggests we continued to gain share in most of our markets.
Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 13.8% versus last year's second quarter. Our net income was $472 million, and our EPS was $22.30 a share, increasing an impressive 49.4%. 
Regarding our merchandise categories in the retail business, our hard parts grew slightly faster than our sales for categories but not material, say, maybe less than 1%. As Americans get back to driving more, we've seen maintenance and failure-related categories perform well. We've been especially pleased with our growth rates in select failure-related businesses, like batteries, that have successfully lapped very strong performance last year. We believe our hard parts business will continue to strengthen as our customers drive more.
Let me also address inflation and pricing. This quarter, we saw our sales increase by over 5% from inflation. While our cost of goods was up over 4% on a like-for-like basis, we believe both numbers will be slightly higher in the third quarter as cost increases and many key merchandise categories continue to work their way through the system. As rising raw material pricing, labor and transportation costs are all impacting us and our suppliers, inflation has been prevalent in the aftermarket space. We have no way to say how long this will last, but our industry has been disciplined about pricing for decades, and we expect that to continue. It is also notable that following periods of higher inflation, we typically do not see corresponding deflation. 
While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, it remains difficult to forecast near to midterm sales. What I will say is that the past 4-quarter sales have all been consistent on a 2-year stacked comp basis and a 3-year basis, and that goes for both our DIY and our commercial businesses. While it's difficult to predict absolute sales levels going forward, we are excited about our growth initiatives, our team's exceptional execution and the tremendous share gains we have achieved in both sectors. Currently, the macro environment, while uncertain, remains very favorable for our industry. And even if these near-term trends fade, we believe that we are in an industry that is positioned for solid growth over the long term. 
For FY '22, we expect our sales performance to be led by the strength in our commercial business as we continue executing on our differentiating initiatives. As we progress through the year, we will, as always, be transparent about what we are seeing and provide color on our markets and outlooks as trends emerge. 
Before handing the call over to Jamere, I'd like to address the subject of pricing and if AutoZone's pricing disciplines or philosophies have changed from past practices. The short answer is a resounding no. While we initiated a retail pricing adjustment last year in Q1 and further adjusted some commercial pricing in quarters 2 through 4, these moves were done to be price competitive, but with other channels, not with our direct competitors. Specifically, in the retail business, we reduced our premiums to mass, particularly on highly visible commodity products. 
Regarding the more significant change in commercial, our prices have always, always been meaningfully higher than our WD competitors as our service level is superior. Our pricing changes over the last year or so have been too narrow. I emphasize narrow but not eliminate that gap. We must make sure we receive a premium for our service advantage, but we narrowed that premium by roughly half. While this has created some consternation in the investment community, we think our results have shown that this was a prudent and productive decision. We continue to see our industry as very rational when it comes to pricing strategies. And I want to be clear, crystal clear. I don't want anyone to conclude that our growth in commercial is solely due to pricing. 
We launched a comprehensive new strategy about 3 years ago with improvements in assortments, local market availability with Hubs and Mega-Hubs. Our delivery times are dropping as we leverage new technologies that have been deployed. Our team's execution is enhanced. We've made ourselves easier to do business with, and we've improved our pricing versus WDs. We stated last year we didn't envision any additional pricing reductions beyond those deployed at the beginning of last year's Q4, and that remains our stance. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere. Fiscal 2022 is off to a very strong start, and we remain focused on superior customer service and flawless execution. Our culture is based on exceptional service, and that will continue to define our success. 
I want to step back for a minute and talk about the big picture. Throughout the pandemic, each of us has had a very difficult time forecasting the future in light of all the uncertainties: the disease, the variants, consumer and government responses, competitive dynamics and on and on. But we are now nearly 2 years into this pandemic. What has happened to our business over those 2 years due to the tremendous contributions of our AutoZoners is nothing short of phenomenal. 
On a trailing 12-month basis versus pre pandemic, our sales volumes have increased by over a remarkable 30%. And our profitability, expressed as EBIT, has increased nearly 50%. 6 to 9 months ago, if you would have asked us, our expectation was that some of those incremental sales and profits would go back closer to historic norms. While it is still very difficult to predict the next 6 to 12 months, our perspective has morphed. As we are nearly a year past the last stimulus and nearly 6 months from the suspension of enhanced unemployment, we believe most, if not all, of this growth is sustainable. 
We believe our competitive positioning is improved as indicated by our significant share gains in both retail and commercial, and consumer behaviors may have permanently changed. If this holds true, it will be the fourth time in the last 30 years that the economy and society have had significant shocks, leading to material acceleration in our growth in sales and profits without a corresponding decline back to pre-recessionary or pre-pandemic levels. 
Our industry is unique, but it has a very long track record of strong performance with high return and cash flow characteristics. As we begin to lap the second anniversary of the pandemic, some of the measurements we've all used recently to measure our performance will become skewed. Remember, at the beginning of the pandemic, our sales dropped radically. Our retail sales rebounded quickly with the April 2020 stimulus, but commercials rebound lagged, and it took several months to recover. 
For Q3, the 2-year stacked comp measurement holds reasonably well as we delivered basically flat overall comps in Q3 of 2020. However, that measure for our commercial business won't be as meaningful. And then in Q4, in light of the amazing performance in 2020, the 2-year comparison for overall comps won't be comparable. We would encourage you to migrate to 3-year comps. 
We continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on our opportunities for 2022. We believe the macro backdrop is in our favor for the near and long term. Our customers across the Americas want to get out and get out and drive, and we'll be there when they need helpful advice. Our team has worked diligently and collaboratively with our suppliers. And together, they have done a very good job dealing with the enormous supply chain challenges that exist for everyone. while our in-stock levels are improving and we expect that to continue, we also believe we are better in stock than most retailers. And our results, they support that belief. 
For the remainder of fiscal 2022, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. We're focused on further growing share, but as always, doing so on a very profitable basis. In fiscal 2024, we plan to open a new distribution center in California to fuel continued growth of our domestic business. We just recently announced a new distribution center in Virginia, and we're now planning an additional distribution center in Mexico to allow us to service a growing store base in that country. 
This is a meaningful acceleration in our historic investments in distribution centers as during the pandemic, we have learned we need to have a bit more excess capacity in our supply chain. We're also targeting to open 14 more new domestic Mega-Hubs in the U.S. that will enhance our availability and support growth in our retail and commercial businesses. As we've mentioned many times before, our Mega-Hub strategy is at the core of materially improving our inventory availability. This strategy is expected to help us drive both commercial and retail sales for many, many years to come. We also will be leveraging our Hub and Mega-Hub strategy further in Mexico. 
For the fiscal year, we expect to open more than 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable acceleration in Brazil. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our industry, and in particular, our own growth prospects. We're being disciplined, yet we're being aggressive. 
I also want to reiterate how proud I am of our AutoZoners across the stores and distribution centers, in particular, for their commitment to servicing our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now, and we very much, very much welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on AutoZone and AutoZoners. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Sure. So we haven't given specific numbers, Bret, but what we have said repeatedly is in both the United States and Mexico, we believe we can continue to grow at the current kinds of levels for the foreseeable future. So in the U.S., that's 150, 170 stores. Mexico, it's 40 to 50 stores. We believe we can do that for the foreseeable future, so it's going to be much, much larger than it is today.
As far as Brazil is concerned, we're just getting started. You all know we've been down there for over 9 years now, and we were very methodical and very thoughtful and careful about making sure that this model worked for us. Just about a year ago, we presented to our Board that we felt like Brazil was now at the stage where we're comfortable the model works. We knew it worked for the customers. We are now comfortable it works for us financially, and we will be stemming out and growing much faster in Brazil. I believe, over the long term, Brazil will end up being larger than Mexico for AutoZone. But with 50-some-odd stores, it's a long way to go.

Bret, I wish I could. We just don't have -- in the DIY business, we have very specific data. We have POS data for all front-of-store items, so it's crystal clear and we are comfortable sharing that with you. And that's where we said during the height of the pandemic, we gained over 3%, which was 10% growth in share. Never seen that before personally. And we suspect that we would give some of that back up as the economy reopened. We have not. In fact, we continued to grow marginal amounts of share on top of that, which we've been very, very pleased with. 
On the commercial side of the business, we don't have a tool that gives us the direct insight. But when we look at it at the rates that we're growing, I think 46% on a 2-year basis, we are quite comfortable that we're growing share exponentially many times what the industry is growing. But we don't have specifics, and so we can't tell you this is how we're doing against this sector or that sector.

They're very comparable growth rates right now. That changes over times during the depths of the pandemic. The nationals weren't growing as fast as the up and down the street. I think that's changed now. They're both growing at really high rates. I think Jamere even mentioned like 32% for both sectors during the quarter. So we're really, really pleased. We've really developed some very nice relationships with our national account partners. And we have a specific program for our up and down the street that we call ProVantage, and both of those sectors are really, really doing well.

Yes, I'll start. I think that there's a misnomer by many that our pricing strategies are at the core of our growth. They are an element, not the element of our growth. What we did about 4 years ago is we embarked on a new strategy in commercial, and we looked at all elements of our offering. We changed the assortment methodology in every store in the United States. Every store has a different product assortment that leans further into the commercial business today than it did 4 years ago. 
We also said how we're going to get significant increase in local market availability, and we came up with this concept called a Mega-Hub store. We've now had over 60 Mega-Hubs. We've said publicly we're going to have at least 110. I think Jamere and I both feel like it's going to be closer to 200 than it will be 100 and maybe even more than that as we're testing -- one of the things about the Mega-Hubs, every time we measure them, they do better than our projections, period, every single time. So we've done these Mega-Hub improvements. 
We've taken our sales for, which was relatively immature and frankly brand new, a decade ago. And as they mature and develop tenure, they're getting more professional, better at doing their sales techniques. We've deployed those single largest technology endeavor of the company's history in the commercial business. We've enhanced how we interact with our customers digitally. We've also rolled out handheld devices to all stores and all drivers so that when they're picking the products, we make sure we've got the right products. When we deliver the products, we can understand delivery times. We're driving our delivery times down about 15% so far, and that's nowhere near our goal. So we're improving our service on that front. 
The Duralast brand continues to be become stronger and stronger across the board and really excited about that. And then we've lowered our price gaps. We didn't -- we don't have the same level of transparency in the commercial business that we have in retail. Everybody can see everybody's retails prices every day. In the commercial business, we're going to have different pricing philosophies with certain of our national account customers, and then up and down the street customers that penetrate this category are going to be priced different from somebody else. So you don't have the level of transparency. 
We talked about it at length about a year ago that we were focused on making sure that our total value proposition, including price, was a strong value proposition versus a different set of competitors called the warehouse distributors. And we cut, as I said in the prepared remarks, our gap versus them. We've always been premium priced to them because our service offering is premium priced. Then we cut the gap after about a year of testing, so we knew it worked. We cut the gap by about half, so call it 15% to 8%-ish, 8.5-ish kind of percent. And we've been extraordinarily pleased with how that has worked over time. 
Zach, did I answer all your questions? You had a few of them embedded in there.

Thank you.

Yes. So 2 great points, Brian. First of all, what changed versus Q1 and Q2, there's a lot of different things that changed. I think our -- we're going to hang our head a lot on our execution and our team's execution. But clearly, this inflation has a lagging effect, and we had more inflation in our sales growth in Q2 than we did in Q1, not material but maybe a point or so. So that is an element of our acceleration, and we didn't accelerate that much. I think we accelerated 2 or 3 points on a 2-year basis. 
Then as far as gas prices, as you know, you've followed this industry for a long, long time. Gas prices fluctuate, and they fluctuated very significantly during my tenure here. What we've said historically is that there's not a ton of correlation between gas prices and our business until it hits a magic point. And historically, and I don't know what that magic point will be now because it's been a long time since we hit it. But historically, when it hit $4 a gallon, it seemed to impact miles driven, and you could almost see a direct correlation once it hit that $4 a gallon in miles driven. We don't know if that will hold true if it gets to $4 a gallon again. 
But for us, it goes up and it goes down. There's nothing we change in our business as a result of gas prices. So sometimes we're going to have industry tailwinds like we've had. Sometimes, we're going to have industry headwinds. We need to just manage this business through both environments and make sure that we optimize our performance based upon the macro environment.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes. It's a fantastic question, Jackie. And frankly, we don't have really, really good data on how our in-stock position compares to our direct competitors or with retail, in general, except for walk-in stores, and which we've done a lot of over time. I'm really, really proud of the way that our supply chain team, our merchandising team and our suppliers, they've worked at unprecedented levels during this past couple of years.
And we've gotten very creative. Our logistics team has done an amazing job with all the challenges getting merchandise from the Far East to the United States and to our distribution centers. Our belief is we've had an improved in-stock position versus others. But our in-stock position, even today, is a couple of hundred basis points below where it is normally. And it's been a little bit of a game of whack-a-mole. We solve it in this category, then it moves into that category, then it moves into another category. 
Overall, we're getting better and better and better on a weekly basis, just about. But we still got a ways to go before we get back to that level. Trying to quantify how much of that has been embedded in our share gains and sales lift, it's just -- it's too much art for us to figure that out.

Yes. We haven't done it by product category. We obviously said it's over half of our hard part sales and continues to grow. We continue to introduce it in different categories or line extensions. Not too long ago, we introduced the Duralast Elite brake pad program which is doing really well. We've added Duralast Gold chassis, which has done extremely well. A couple of years ago, we added Duralast shocks and struts. 
It's interesting, we did some market research as part of our commercial strategy development about 4 years ago, and we went by in the commercial business. And we said, "What are the top 3 brands by product category?" And the Duralast brand was listed in 2 categories as the #2 brand, and we had never sold 1 piece in that category. So it just shows you the overall power of the Duralast brand. And if you turn back the clock a decade, it was interesting, people would have said we couldn't have been successful in commercial because we had private label. We don't have private label. We got the Duralast brand, and it's high-quality products that our customers continue to turn to and trust.

Thank you, Jackie.

Well, Jamere is in charge of store development, so I'll answer it for him. The answer is yes. Jamere, you want to add some color?

Thank you, Joe. 
Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate. We believe our industry is in a strong position, and our business model is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, and we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the remainder of FY 2022, we are confident AutoZone can continue to be successful. 
Thank you very much for participating in today's call. Have a great day.