Good morning and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2019 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. Regarding the fourth quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, is available on our website, www.autozone.com, and clicking on Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them.
To begin this morning, I would like to thank all AutoZoners across the organization for their amazing efforts to deliver on our pledge. Most organizations have a vision and/or mission statement. We don't. We're unique. We have a pledge, a pledge to ourselves and more importantly, to our customers, that we are committed to delivering exceptional customer service where our AutoZoners' passion and willingness to go the extra mile allows us to deliver the kind of numbers we reported this morning. All credit goes to our dedicated AutoZoners.
Overall, we were pleased with our performance in Q4. This morning, we will review the major themes for the quarter. Specifically, we'll talk about our continued success with our commercial business; our monthly sales cadence and regional performance; the impact tariffs had on this quarter's results, both on retails and margins; and lastly, we'll report on the success we had on our stated initiatives: customers first, commercial acceleration, omnichannel, leveraging technology and Yes! We've Got It inventory initiatives.
Our commercial sales grew 21.1% year-over-year and 14.1% on a 16-week basis, and this was no easy task as we were up against a tougher Q4 comparison last year. It has been encouraging to see our 2-year commercial comps build every quarter this year. For the quarter, we grew 15.7% or 13.4% on a comparable 52-week basis. This growth represented roughly $350 million more in sales versus last year. Our team did a great job on our commitment to growing this business during 2019. While we remained smaller than many of our peers in absolute sales volume, our growth rate has been very robust, growing more than 3x the industry growth rate.
This growth has come from a combination of many initiatives that have been in development for years, including inventory assortment improvements, Hub and MegaHub expansions, the ever strengthening reputation of the Duralast brand across our professional customer base, technology enhancements, increased engagement on our very strong store operating teams and tremendous efforts on the part of our entire selling organization to artfully and effectively convey our value proposition.
We also grew our sales per store at a higher clip than we have in the past. Although we are averaging fewer program openings now as approximately 85% of our stores have a program, their productivity has increased steadily. For the quarter, we averaged our highest weekly sales productivity ever at $10,700 per program. And we grew our sales with mature customers at a substantially improved growth rate this year versus previous years, indicating our offerings, products, coverage, service and beyond are improved and have been recognized and rewarded by our customers.
Additionally, we grew our up and down-the-street business faster for the quarter and the year than the overall growth of our commercial business, indicating these improvements are being rewarded across all different types of customers. And with more Hub stores, improved salesmanship and product assortment, we have a very solid foundation that we can continue to build on into the future.
Congratulations again to our entire organization for their efforts on delivering a great performance in commercial for 2019. Their intense focus on growing this business is absolutely working.
Regarding our domestic DIY business, while generating positive same-store sales for the quarter, our performance was clearly impacted by a slower month of May and a slower first half of the quarter on a 2-year basis followed by nice acceleration in the second half. Retail remains a very solid, predictable story for us as it is definitely a more mature customer segment than commercial but a steady revenue stream and substantial cash flow generator. In addition to May's weaker performance, we saw underperformance out west and across the southwest. Additionally, we didn't experience the same level of heat, particularly in the first half of our quarter as normal, and our heat-related categories' performance was certainly softer this quarter.
Finally, we saw some weakness in certain strong Hispanic markets. While it is very difficult to objectively quantify, we have seen this at certain times in the past in select markets when immigration issues are front and center. With the data we have available to us, our DIY share was flat this quarter while commercial grew very nicely. For the fiscal year, we gained share. While our retail business is far more mature than our commercial business, we were pleased with our performance in Q4 and remain optimistic about the new year and beyond. Our optimism comes from the inventory availability and staffing initiatives that we have in place. Our constant focus on enhancing the customer service experience is making a difference.
We believe the wage adjustments we made last October will continue to help us attract and retain high-quality talent that can continue to provide wow customer service. It is important to remember the high-touch nature of this business and the vital role our highly knowledgeable AutoZoners play to help our customers maintain and enhance their vehicles.
Regarding tariffs, on last quarter's call, we went into extensive detail on the lack of SKU-to-SKU inflation we have experienced historically because products are introduced into our assortment at very low scale. And as they scale, per unit cost decrease due to efficiencies. This is quite visibly evident by our unrecorded substantial LIFO negative reserve. We also noted last quarter that because of the earlier tariffs, we had experienced a small amount of inflation, a departure from the norm due to tariffs.
As the new tariffs have been introduced, we have begun to pass those costs on to our customers. As these costs can be significant, up to 25% currently on a product, and since we use weighted average costing and the costs roll in over time, we have been implementing many of these retail increases in waves, attempting to make it less burdensome on our customers. This has resulted in SKU-to-SKU inflation increases higher than last quarter but still quite manageable. We have not experienced material changes in our gross margins as a result of tariffs, but our prices to our customers have and will continue to increase.
Turning to our omnichannel efforts. We continue to invest in our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting them when, where and how they want to shop. We have initiatives in place to improve both our in-store systems and websites, autozone.com, AutoZonePro, mobile and ALLDATA. We're investing heavily in the system to support these shopping patterns. We continue to see growth in website traffic and rapid growth in ship to home, next-day delivery and Buy Online Pick-Up In Store. While representing a very small percentage of our business, substantially below 5%, we are pleased with how the customer is embracing all of our offerings.
Last quarter, we discussed our next-day delivery program that allows customers in over 85% of U.S. markets to order as late as midnight in some markets and receive their products at their home the very next day. We continue to expand to more markets. And I would be remiss if I didn't say we are working diligently to further enhance our digital capabilities with our commercial customers as well. The improvements with the online commercial offering will be ongoing as we know we have ample opportunities which, once addressed, will allow us to make deeper inroads with certain customers that had not bought from us in the past and will allow us to further grow our business with existing customers, many of which are the more sophisticated shops.
While ship to home, ship to home next day, Buy Online Pick-Up In Store and commercial customer ordering are all showing growth and traffic to our online sites and continuing to increase, for our retail business, we continue to see customers primarily doing lots of research online and then coming into the store to receive that trustworthy advice, to have help with the Fix Finder or Loan-A-Tool and host of other services that simply cannot be duplicated online prior to making the sale.
Regarding our initiatives, we have invested more in our AutoZoners, inventories and systems with the objective of improving customer-facing interactions. We believe our execution is improving as we intensify our focus on the customer.
Regarding our annual operating theme for 2019, Drive For Excellence, we pushed for a relentless focus on what matters to our customers: exceptional service, fast deliveries, high-quality parts and products, flawless execution of changes in product assortments, in-store merchandising and on and on, some of the areas that we didn't execute so well on in 2008. As part of this initiative, we have challenged our store leadership teams to reduce redundant or noncustomer-facing activities. While we have identified opportunities to improve the effectiveness of our AutoZoners, we have much additional work to do in 2020. By removing these tasks, we know we can improve our levels of service. This will continue to be a major focus for us next year.
Regarding our inventory initiatives, in the spirit of our Yes! We've Got It initiative, we continued expanding our Hub store network. At the end of the quarter, we had 35 MegaHub stores and 100 Hubs -- 170 Hub stores for a total of 205 locations with significantly expanded parts assortments. For the year, we opened an incremental 11 MegaHubs. We have consistently seen both our DIY and commercial sales expand in markets where Hub or MegaHubs are added, and we will continue to grow the number of Hubs.
Last quarter, we announced that our ultimate target is to have between 70 to 90 MegaHubs open across the United States. We have some ways to go and it will take us a few years to build this out. As a reminder, both our Hubs and MegaHubs are focused on making available additional coverage to the local markets, meaning adding SKUs that would not have been available locally in our network before. Both the inventory and the Hub store initiatives are designed to enhance our ability to meet our customers' needs for coverage and immediacy.
Along with improving our local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with opportunities for advancement and ensure we do it on a long-term profitable basis to provide strong returns for our shareholders. We remain focused on the importance of going the extra mile to fulfill our customers' needs regardless of how difficult the request.
In regard to our initiatives for 2019, in customers first, we have been making technology investments to improve our electronic catalog and point-of-sale systems to ensure the customer has an efficient and seamless, frictionless transaction. We believe our current and future technology investments will improve our competitive position. We'll make our AutoZoners more knowledgeable and more efficient and ultimately will lead to sales growth across all of our businesses. While these investments are adding to both operating expense and capital expenditures, we are committed to further investments in 2020 to improve the customer shopping experience. Our expectation is our business will experience ongoing acceleration in technology investments for the mid- to long term. We spent more on development in 2019 than ever before by a wide margin, and we remain committed to improving the technology around helping customers in 2020.
Regarding commercial acceleration, we've been investing in systems to help AutoZoners sell more efficiently and customers conduct business with us easier. While we said on last quarter's call most of these initiatives won't be rolled out until late in calendar 2019 or even later, our focus on increasing the engagement of the broader store team and focusing on existing customers is absolutely paying off today.
In summary, we are pleased with our performance and remain encouraged with our industry strength in both DIY and DIFM and our prospects for the new fiscal year. We believe macro factors such as relatively low gas prices and increasing miles driven remain largely in our favor, and we remain committed to growing our market share in both our DIY and commercial businesses.
Now let me provide a little more detail on the quarter. For the quarter, total auto parts sales increased 11.9% in total and were up 5.2% excluding the additional week of sales. And our domestic same-store sales were up 3%. Regionally, our Northeastern, Midwestern and Mid-Atlantic markets, representing roughly 28% of our store base, performed better than the remaining markets.
For our fiscal year, we opened 209 new stores, including 55 internationally and 152 net new domestic commercial programs. We closed no stores for the year. During the quarter, we opened 86 new stores in the U.S. and our commercial business opened 62 net new programs. Currently, 85% of our domestic stores have a commercial program, and the vast majority of our international stores have a commercial program.
During the quarter, we continued to expand in Mexico, opening 28 new stores and surpassing the 600-store mark in Mexico, an amazing accomplishment for our team in Mexico. We also opened 10 new stores in Brazil this quarter, finishing with 35.
We should once again highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our fourth quarter at 35.7%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best in all of hardlines retailing. However, our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return well in excess of our cost of capital. It is important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital.
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to again thank and reinforce how appreciative we are of our AutoZoners' efforts to again deliver solid results for fiscal 2019.
Now I'll turn it over to Bill Giles. Bill?

Thank you, Bill. We are pleased to report a solid fourth quarter and fiscal year. At 3% same-store sales, our fiscal 2019 was our best comping year since 2015. For the new year, we must continue to focus on executing at a high level, which we believe can and has been a competitive advantage. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution.
For 2020, we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives, and we will remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners' workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary tasks that get in the way of making the customer experience better for both the do-it-yourself customer and the professional customer. We believe our industry's fundamentals will remain strong as miles driven are expected to increase over the remainder of the year. And while there has been many forecasts otherwise, the vehicle part has continued to age and the internal combustion engine remains the dominant vehicle of choice.
Before I conclude the call, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2019. We were able to build on past accomplishments and deliver some impressive results. In recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners, I want to highlight what they, as one very strong team, delivered in 2019. Both retail and commercial experienced positive same-store sales in every quarter. Our total sales grew by 5.7% on a 52-week basis and set an all-time sales record at $11.9 billion. Our commercial sales aggressively accelerated from 7.3% growth last year to 13.4% this year on a 52-week basis, with growth in mature customer sales and productivity per program the highest in our history. We made significant and meaningful investments in our tenured store hourly AutoZoners, and it has improved our performance. Research confirms impressively that "more technicians choose Duralast parts." And we continue to leverage the power of the Duralast brand, expanding into new categories or part types.
On the back of the stellar performance of our MegaHubs, we expanded our vision of the future, more than doubling the ultimate plans to 70 to 90 MegaHubs. We opened our 600th store in Mexico, and we opened 15 new locations in Brazil off the base at the beginning of the year of only 20. We continued to accelerate our investments in technology, leveraging technological enhancements in every facet of our business.
Leveraging our very strong and predictable cash flow, we repurchased a record $2 billion in AutoZone stock in fiscal 2019. Since inception in 1998, we have now repurchased a cumulative $21.4 billion, and we have reduced our share count from 152.1 million to 24 million. Most importantly, our team has continued to live our pledge and leverage our unique and powerful culture to deliver exceptional service to our customers who rewarded us with incremental business.
I'd like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers, which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve and ultimately rewards our shareholders. We are excited about our balanced model for growth around domestic retail and commercial, international, online and pickup in store. We believe our Hubs and MegaHubs, Mexico, Brazil, ALLDATA and digital can all grow their top line this upcoming year. To execute at a high level, we must adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and we will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and thoughtful execution. Service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone, and it will be long into the future.
Now I would like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. Fantastic question. Thank you. A couple of things. One, weather effects are always more exaggerated in the retail business, at least for us at this stage in our development, than they are in the commercial business. So commercial will see weather implications but not nearly to the same extent that retail will see them. So the ones that we were talking about specifically were more retail-oriented.
Part of what happened was we had a very late spring, and so May was particularly soft. And then June was soft too on a comp store basis because we had a really strong June the year before. We think July and August were much more normalized, and we hope that they are indicative of what we're going to experience in the first quarter. But we don't know what's going to happen with the weather or other effects, but we feel very good about our performance in Q4.

Yes. Terrific question. First of all, we were very excited about the growth that we had in the commercial business across all different customer segments. I did say in our prepared remarks that the up and down-the-street customer, which are those small mom-and-pops, grew at a faster rate than the rest of the commercial business. And we want to make that point clear to make sure you know that this is a widespread growth. Our growth in mature customer sales, I also said, was at an all-time high level. So we were very excited about how it came across different markets, different customer segments, just across the board, which tells us that all the different things that we're working on, from getting our store managers and district managers more engaged, to the Hub initiatives that we've had, to the inventory initiatives that they're all working in tandem, which is exactly what we were hopeful of.

Yes. Thanks. It's another great question, Michael. If you look at it over time, we had a remarkable streak, I believe, of 41 straight quarters where we grew at double-digit EPS growth. A lot of things have changed since that point in time, while other things haven't changed. We still want to grow our EBIT in the low to mid-single digits. And with our share repurchase program, we hope to push our growth close to, if not over, 10%. But I don't think we'll have another streak like we had, we had 41 straight quarters. But that's within the reasons of the model.
As we grow commercial, we will have, without a doubt, pressure on our gross margins and pressure on our EBIT margins. And we are not focused on what is the overall operating model -- margin for the company. We're focused on what are we going to do to grow operating profit dollars at a reasonable growth rate and get very good returns on the capital that we deploy to get that growth rate.

I'll start with the second part of it. The weather effects in our business are generally very muted in the fall. There's not a lot of rainfall that happens in the fall. Generally, the temperatures are maybe warmer than last year, but they're not extreme temperatures that would put excess stress on the vehicle parts. So I don't think that we've called out weather as a major initiative outside of hurricanes in the past. So if we get a hurricane like we did in Houston or in South Florida, then that can be a bigger issue. And what was the first part of your question, Chris?

Yes. I don't think it had a big effect on our commercial business. As we went into -- and you were asking, is there something coming, headwind or tailwind, as we went into the fourth quarter, the real question for us is how could we lap the accelerated growth that we had last year in Q4. That's really when our growth started to begin to grow or build. And we'll have the same impact in Q1, Q2 and Q3 where it will be up against stronger and stronger comps, but our momentum has been pretty consistent.

I'll go back to one thing that I said earlier in the call, and that is that the effects of weather in the commercial business are very small in comparison to the retail business. So I don't want you to think that May and June were very soft because they weren't in the commercial business. They were softer in the retail business, but the commercial business has been strong every period of 2019. And what's in front of us, we don't know. We don't give guidance, but we feel very good about the level of execution that we have. We feel very good about the initiatives that we have in place. So far, they work really well.

Thank you, Scot. We believe that our store managers and our district managers are much more involved in the commercial business today than ever before. We started with our store managers beginning to make sales calls in the fourth quarter of last year. And yes, they are out making sales calls, but the real thing that they're doing is they are learning from the customer what's important to them and they are learning how we are executing against that. When they get back to the store with their teams, they can then do what they do like nobody else. They can enhance our service for our customers.
Before, because they didn't have a direct connection to those commercial customers, they really didn't know what our service advantages were and they didn't know where our service shortcomings were coming from. Now they have direct line of sight to that. I think we had a significant benefit out of that last year. I think we will continue to benefit from that for the next few years as some of them got very quickly -- got up to speed very quickly. Others, not so quickly. And they're all in different places on their understanding of the commercial business and their comfort with the commercial business.

I would think so. It's the first time we've done it, so we don't have empirical evidence that has a 3-year tail on it. But as I'm out in the stores and I'm talking to the commercial -- or to the store managers, their level of knowledge is vastly different than it was 18 months ago. And that's what gets me excited.

All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment and call out that we are hosting our national sales meeting here in Memphis this week. This week, we will be recognizing our company's very best performers and announce our new operating theme for the year. We will celebrate this past year's successes and focus on where we didn't meet our objectives. This week is for our field AutoZoners, and we enthusiastically welcome them to our hometown of Memphis, Tennessee.
As our business model continues to be solid and we are excited about the new year, we don't take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We will continue to execute on our game plan, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you all very much for your interest in our company and for participating on today's call. Have a great day.