Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2018 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. Regarding the second quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release is available on our website, www.autozoneinc.com.
To begin this morning, I want to thank all AutoZoners across the company for their efforts that led us to deliver solid top and bottom line results for this quarter. For the last couple of years, we've discussed that the moderate winters have negatively impacted our business. As this winter was more severe, our performance certainly improved, and it's important to, again, highlight that there are multiple implications from the cold and wet winter we experienced. In the short term, extreme cold results in immediate sales in categories like batteries, antifreeze, blower motors and the like. And ice and snow result in immediate sales of wipers, deicers, scrapers, et cetera. Additionally, we believe these conditions and the efforts to remedy them should have a lasting benefit in under-car categories like brakes, chassis and similar categories. We are optimistic that conditions could continue to be more favorable for the balance of our fiscal year.
In this morning's press release, we introduced adjustments to our GAAP numbers that are very unusual for us. But due to their significance, we thought they warranted increased visibility for investors. These include adjustments due to tax reform, impact from stock option accounting and impairment charges related to 2 business units. I will give more details on these and provide some context regarding ongoing impact of some of these adjustments.
Let's begin with the impairments. These charges were taken on both our AutoAnything and IMC businesses. As we stated in the press release, we determined these businesses were not core to our strategic priorities going forward and proceeded to begin a sale process. This process, along with our normal testing we do, led us to the conclusion it was appropriate to take a net of tax impairment charge of $147 million. Now I'd like to provide a little background on our strategic rationale for exiting these 2 businesses. 
AutoAnything, an online-only retailer that sells performance and accessory products, was acquired in the winter of 2012. We acquired AutoAnything to better understand the Internet-only environment and to leverage those learnings on autozone.com. AutoAnything has always been run separate and distinct from AutoZone and autozone.com. Both the AutoAnything and autozone.com teams have learned from each other. But over time, as omnichannel has emerged and increased in importance, we have decided that our focus and efforts would be better spent focusing on autozone.com and driving our core business. 
This morning, we announced an agreement with Kingswood Capital, who has purchased this business. 
IMC, our import parts wholesale distributor business, was acquired in the fall of 2014, and our objective was to enhance our understanding of the WD model, while leveraging their focus on the import market. Our intention was to substantially expand their footprint, and we grew their branch count from 17 to 26. As we have grown this business, it has been increasingly challenging to grow quickly on a profitable basis. As our strategic perspective on the commercial marketplace has progressed, we have determined that our time, attention, focus and investments would be substantially more valuable centered on growing our core commercial business rather than focusing on the more narrow, high-end import market. This morning, we announced an agreement with the Parts Authority for them to acquire this business. 
Before leaving this subject, I'd like to thank all of the employees of AutoAnything and IMC. They have been terrific AutoZoners and have always put the customer first in everything they do. We believe both of these enterprises will be better suited to a different ownership structure, where they will get the time, attention and investments necessary to optimize their business model. 
Next, we adopted the new stock option accounting standard at the beginning of fiscal 2017. This new standard can cause significant fluctuations in tax expense and diluted share count based on stock option exercise patterns. As this is inherently difficult to model and virtually impossible to forecast, we have elected to show the difference over the last year as an adjustment to GAAP earnings. This quarter, adjusting both years for the stock option accounting, the new standard increased our second quarter EPS by $0.72 a share. 
Now let's turn to tax reform. The implementation of the new tax laws requires us to recognize some onetime benefits and charges and to adjust our ongoing tax rate. There were 2 onetime events that generated a net tax benefit in Q2 of approximately $112 million: the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, which were reduced due to the change in the corporate tax rate; and a onetime charge related to the repatriation tax on the accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Our ongoing federal tax rate was lowered to approximately 26%, reflecting a blend of the old federal rate of 35% and the new federal rate of 21%. This blended rate reduced our tax expense by $59 million in the second quarter. For the balance of the year, we expect our global effective tax rate to be approximately 29% for both Q3 and Q4. Beginning in August 2018, the start of our fiscal 2019, we expect our ongoing global tax rate to be around 24.5%. We expect this lower rate in fiscal 2019 will benefit net income by over $200 million on an annual basis.
As we consider this enhancement in the profitability of the enterprise, we are exploring opportunities to proactively invest some of these proceeds in an effort to improve our business for the long term. Importantly, we have not yet finalized our plans, but our primary focus has been on ensuring our wages and benefits are market-competitive. And as we have mentioned for the last several quarters, we have been experiencing increasing wage pressure, and we are exploring expediting our investments in technology to improve our service levels in DIY and commercial, both with an enhanced omnichannel emphasis. Many of these investments are pull-forwards of planned future investments. We currently estimate the investments to impact operating margin by 60 to 90 basis points on an annualized basis once fully implemented. While some investments will begin in Q3, we expect these investments to really materialize over the next 18 to 24 months.
Now for the business results and, specifically, sales. The Northeastern and Midwestern market results were much stronger than the remainder of our markets. As you'd expect, our weather-sensitive markets improved materially as the harsh winter conditions began near the end of December. In those weather-sensitive markets, our comp store sales improved by more than 200 basis points as a result of the storms. As noted above, certain categories experienced substantially improved sales. However, other categories, like maintenance categories, were challenged, and other markets, like the West Coast, also underperformed. Net-net, our same-store sales improved [ to ] 2.2%. Our sales were strongest in the middle of the quarter when the first major winter storms arrived. As we get later in the winter, additional cold spells don't continue to benefit the business. As we have said for years, weather in this business matters over short periods of time. Over long periods of time, weather effects even themselves out. Aside from the weather, we should reiterate we continue to see positive growth in the industry for both retail and commercial and feel the underlying demographics of our customers' vehicle population and driving habits lead us to remain constructive for the future. 
Regarding our internal initiatives and, specifically, continuing improving inventory availability at the market level, we continue to see a nice pickup in sales from the markets with Mega Hub capabilities. Mega Hub stores are our stores with approximately 100,000 unique SKUs and provide delivery to surrounding stores and other hubs. As our plan dictated this quarter, we did not open any additional Mega Hubs. However, we continue on track to have 26 locations opened by the end of the fiscal year. 
Our supply chain team remained quite busy this past quarter as they were finishing construction on a new distribution center in Ocala, Florida and a major expansion in Danville, Illinois. Ocala will begin shipping next month, and we are staging inventory in Danville's expansion now. Even while all this activity was ongoing, our supply chain team was able to deliver leverage in our warehouse and delivery costs. This marked the second sequential quarter where we have leveraged our costs. And while we continue to be mindful of fuel cost increases year-over-year and labor shortages across several carrier lines, we remain encouraged with the direction of our businesses costs are headed over the remainder of our fiscal 2018. 
Additionally, we saw solid performance in our commercial business sales results in Q2. Total commercial sales increased 5.4 -- 5.7% for the quarter. While this quarter's rate grew slower than Q1 at 6.7%, these results were encouraging considering both Christmas and New Year's fell on Mondays this year versus Sunday last year. Our commercial customers are typically closed on holidays, so we lost 2 selling days in the quarter. We estimate that it impacted commercial growth by more than 150 basis points. 
We continue to grow our business faster than the overall industry by executing on our game plan. With fewer year-over-year program openings, more of our sales growth is coming from existing customers or new customers and older programs. We believe our inventory availability work is vital to these efforts and is enhancing our position in the market. I'll add, a lot of credit here for our ongoing commercial performance goes to our store AutoZoners that are simply getting better at running our model. Commercial relationships take time to cultivate, and we are encouraged with their efforts. 
Turning to our online efforts. We continue to invest in our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience in an omnichannel world. We continue to see growth in website traffic, particularly mobile, while it drives in-store traffic, ship-to-home sales and Buy Online Pick Up In Store. Our website has become one of our key marketing tools, and our first omnichannel objective is to leverage the website to drive in-store business. Buy Online Pick Up In Store growth rates remain much, much faster than ship-to-home as our customers value the convenience of immediate availability and the Trustworthy Advice our AutoZoners provide them. 
This also further highlights the importance of inventory availability at the store level. We are also working to further enhance our digital capabilities with our commercial customers, and they continue to increase their interaction with us electronically. We will continue to invest in our omnichannel strategy to ensure we can conduct business with our customers in the manner that best fits their needs and desires.
On the cost front, I've highlighted on the first -- the last 2 quarters conference calls the impacts we are experiencing from accelerated pressure on wages. Those pressures continue to exist and are much more than our historical norms. The regulatory changes are going to continue as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase their wages substantially over the next few years. And more importantly, are the current market forces in retail as we all compete for talented employees in a very low unemployment environment. We are constantly working diligently to find new innovations to better manage our cost structure, and those efforts will continue. But we believe this particular area will have continued pressure for some extended period of time. Our management team remains committed to managing this business for the long term to provide great service for our customers and great opportunities for our AutoZoners, ultimately delivering strong shareholder value. We operate in an industry driven by, in many cases, inelastic demand. If the parts break or wear out, our customers need to fix it now to get to work and get on with their lives. Because of this predictability based on miles driven and an aging car population, we remain committed to continually improving our ability to aid our customers in saying "yes" to their needs. 
Now let me provide a little more detail on the quarter. For the quarter, our sales increased 5.4% and our domestic same-store sales were up 2.2%. During the quarter, we opened 34 net new stores in the U.S. and our commercial business opened 23 programs. Year-to-date, we've opened 49 net new stores and 53 commercial programs in the U.S., 8 new stores in Mexico and 2 in Brazil. We expect to open approximately 150 new domestic stores, 40 in Mexico and approximately 10 in Brazil, for a total of roughly 200 new locations. And we expect to open about 150 net new U.S. commercial programs. Currently, 84% of our domestic stores have a commercial program. 
Now I'd like to provide an update on our inventory availability initiatives. As a reminder, multiple frequency of delivery is solely focused on improving the in-stock levels for the SKUs that are stocked in our stores, while the Mega Hubs are focused on adding additional coverage to the local markets, meaning adding SKUs that would not have been available locally in our network before. 
We have completed our testing related to multiple frequency of delivery. We've determined that, at certain volumes, more frequent deliveries make economic sense and at lower volumes, they don't. We will be implementing the new frequencies over the next several months. Once completed, approximately 25% of our stores, representing 40% of our sales volume and nearly 50% of our commercial sales, will receive distribution center deliveries 3 or more times per week. Implementing these changes will not have a meaningful impact on our current distribution cost structure. I want to congratulate and thank the team that did all of this important work. They left no stone unturned in determining the optimal delivery frequency. And ultimately, devised a solid strategy that we will now implement. 
Now let's focus on our Mega Hubs. As a reminder, these supersized AutoZone stores carry 80,000 to 100,000 unique SKUs, approximately twice what a hub store carries today. They provide coverage to both surrounding stores and other hub stores multiple times a day or on an overnight basis. Our sales results, thus far, in our open Mega Hubs continue to exceed our expectations, both for retail and commercial. Currently, we have over 4,000 stores with access to Mega Hub inventory. A majority or about 2/3 of these 4,000 stores receive their service on an overnight basis today. But as we expand our Mega Hubs, more of them will receive this service same day and many will receive it multiple times per day. We continue to expect to ultimately operate up to 40 Mega Hubs. The constraint on the speed with which we can open these is availability and location of real estate. While an average, AutoZone location is just under 7,000 square feet, a Mega Hub is 20,000 to 30,000 square feet or more. Identifying and developing these locations in prime retail areas is challenging and it takes time. While there are incremental costs to these rollouts, we continue to feel these investments will provide a better customer experience and increased market share. 
Along with improving our local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with opportunities for advancement and ensure we do it on a long-term, profitable basis to provide strong returns for our shareholders. We will continue to stress the importance of going the extra mile to fulfill our customers' needs, regardless of how difficult the request. With our commitments to service intact, we continued to be share gainers over the quarter according to the data we have available to us. And in fact, our share gains have accelerated over the last several months. 
Now let me review our highlights regarding execution of our ongoing operating theme for 2017 that we carried over into 2018: "Yes! We've Got It.". The key priorities for the year are Great People Providing Great Service!, profitably growing our commercial business, leveraging the Internet, "Yes! We've Got It." and leveraging IT. On the retail front this past quarter, under the Great People Providing Great Service! theme, we are committed to supporting our store AutoZoners. We're focusing on enhanced training to store-level AutoZoners and increasing the share of voice regarding availability with the "Yes! We've Got It." theme. We remain aggressive with our technology investments and believe these initiatives will help differentiate us on a go-forward basis. We realize as customers have become much more tech and mobile-savvy, we have to have a sales proposition that touches all the ways they desire to interact with us. Our current and future technology investments will lead to sales growth across all of our businesses. 
We should also highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our second quarter at 30.2%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best in all of hardlines retailing. However, our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return well in excess of our cost of capital. It's important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital. 
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to thank our AutoZoners for their efforts to continue to meet and exceed our customers' wants, needs and desires. We are bullish on the remainder of 2018's sales potential because we have a great business operated by an exceptional team.
Now I'll turn it over to Bill.

Thank you, Bill. While we are encouraged for the remainder of the year by the favorable macroenvironment and the traction we are gaining with our internal sales initiatives, we understand we must continue to execute on our game plan. We are optimistic looking at the back half of the fiscal year. Last year, we were impacted negatively by the delay in income tax refunds and the impact of a second consecutive mild winter. Timing of this year's income tax refund season is expected to be similar to last year. And therefore, we do not expect a material impact on the third quarter. 
We are excited to intensify our focus on our core businesses because we see these core businesses as tremendously attractive and in strong markets. We will continue our domestic and international expansion efforts, growing roughly 200 locations annually. We will continue to focus on growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate to the market growth. We will accelerate our omnichannel efforts and we will leverage ALLDATA as the premier tool our shops use in the automotive aftermarket. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to Living the Pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. 
Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices, and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments, and we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2018 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the Trustworthy Advice they expect. It is truly the value-add that differentiates us from any other faceless transaction. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want. But today's customers do expect more information on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone, and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance, regardless of market conditions and ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been externally successful over the last 38 years, and we continue to be excited about our future. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Alan? Hello?

Yes, we can. Sorry about that, Alan. I'm not sure what happened.

That's a great question, Alan. First of all, it's the second time we divested of a business. We did sell the TruckPro business, if you recall, back in 2001 or 2002. And in each of these cases, the first thing I'll tell you is, as we get into these other businesses that are maybe half a step away from our core business, the profitability dynamics are just very, very different than what we experience in our core business, and it really makes us further appreciate the strength of this core business on a long-term basis. Specifically, on AutoAnything, we bought them to learn. Online-only retail, at the time, this was 2012, was really emerging, and we felt like it was important that we understood that business and understood it to see if we could grow it, but also to understand it and what its implications would be to the long term of our business. As you can see from both of those businesses, they're not terribly profitable. In fact, we were operating both of them at a net loss. And the more we've learned about both the online-only area and autozone.com, we have become more confident that we need to leverage the strengths of our business, particularly the knowledgeable people that we have in our stores. And so our decision has been let's go and double down on the core business, both autozone.com and our retail operations, as well as commercial. And we feel really good about those decisions. Yes, we do want to say thanks, again, to the people at AutoAnything and IMC, great AutoZoners, did a wonderful job for us. It's just tougher markets.

Thank you, Alan. Great questions again. I've said this in our prepared remarks, and I want to emphasize it again. We have not made final decisions on that. And frankly, we haven't even had a board meeting since the tax reform was passed. You know us to be very methodical in what we do. We're not going to go out and make quick decisions. We're going to evaluate what we think the right decisions are for the long term. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we're looking at wages. We've been talking about the increased pressure on wages over the last year or so. And one implication of tax reform is that those pressures on wages are intensifying. You've heard other retailers and other businesses talk about raising their minimum wages and the like. So we're very focused on making sure that we are market-competitive with our wages. Our people are our most important asset, and it is imperative that we have the best people, and it's imperative that we pay them appropriately. So I think that will be a big part of what we focus on. As for when do those investments pay off, it's going to depend on when they come in. I said in the prepared remarks, don't look for these all to come in this quarter. They'll be feathered in over time as we're prepared to execute them.

Yes. Thanks, Matt.

Sure, and I would say this was probably not new, Matt. But if you go back to our conference call in September, if you remember last year, this time, there was a lot of anxiety that the market -- the industry fundamentals had been disrupted and were going to be changed over a long period of time. Back in September, I made a very intentional point to say that our 5-year average growth in same-store sales was 1.9%. So this quarter, we ended at 2.2%. I don't think the industry fundamentals have changed significantly this year, last year or over the last 5 years. I'm pretty pleased with the 2.2% comp that we had in the quarter. If you recall, we knew we were going to be up against a tough beginning of the quarter because the only weather we got last year was kind of between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So we were a little challenged in that period of time. When the first cold weather hit, our sales absolutely performed and did wonderfully. As we got later in the quarter, our sales softened. That to us was not a big surprise. It was cold and rainy and as it gets -- as -- you get the sales pop when you get the first cold snap. You don't get continued failure of batteries and the like when you get continued cold spells. What we are optimistic about for the balance of the year, and one thing we talked about for the last 2 years, is our maintenance businesses in Q3 and Q4 have been challenged. The road conditions, salt, potholes and the like help brakes and chassis and shocks and struts, and so we anticipate, as we go into the back half of the year, that our conditions should be pretty favorable. One other thing that I want to make sure and reinforce is when you look at the 2-year comp for Q2, I think some people are concerned about that. Don't forget, last year, we lost the tax money in Q2. We did not pick that back up this year, so that was a fundamental shift in the business.

Great question, Chris. On the third quarter, I do want you to remember, also last year, we didn't get the tax money that we thought we'd get in the third quarter of last year. So that was part of the challenge. What happens with that tax money this year, we really don't know. For the most part, it didn't start arriving until last Friday. That was the first time of significant amount of tax money arrived in the marketplace. So we'll see over time. As far as forecasting the future, as you know, we don't give guidance. And I'm talking -- we're talking about 5 years at 1.9 and this quarter at 2.2. I just -- those are very similar numbers. What happens on a go-forward basis? I think we've been pretty clear, we're optimistic about the second half, but I don't want to put a number on it.

Yes, I'll start with the first one on, are we seeing the maintenance items, the under car items come up. Not yet, we aren't. But the weather has not been conducive to it. And usually, we see it at the time when the weather finally breaks and gets into the 50, 60-degree range where people can get outside and work on their vehicles, and that really hasn't happened. So we're not surprised by any stretch of the imagination that we haven't seen it materialize yet, and we're quite optimistic that it will materialize over time. On the 6- to 7-year-old car park, if you listen to us, we haven't made that big of a deal about it over time. Yes, it was a minor headwind, but I don't think it was a -- it was never one that we called out as a significant driver of our performance. So I don't think it'll be a significant driver this year either.

We haven't seen that yet. Now it's very -- this is a very volatile time of year for us. Every single year, the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter is clearly the most volatile period of time. So to be able to pick up on those nuances would be pretty challenging. We've also done some work and are continuing to do some work on what does it actually mean to our customers. And if you look at it, it can be a meaningful dollar amount. Tax reform can be a meaningful dollar amount over the year, but the change in their check on an every 2-week basis is pretty small. And so we're kind of wondering how are we going to see that. It's really easy to see it when you get a tax refund. We can absolutely see that in our business. But if you're picking up $30 to $70 every 2 weeks in your check, I don't know how we're going to be able to ferret that out.

Yes, absolutely the buyback is still a very important part of our structure. But our capital structure all along has been, number one, invest in the assets that we have today to make them perform at an optimum level. Secondly, invest in new assets. So think new stores in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, new Commercial programs and on and on. Thirdly, we repurchase shares with the balance of that excess cash flow. That will not change, has not changed. We are looking at are there some areas that we should invest in at an accelerated rate, and that's what we called out this morning. But I, again, want to reiterate we have not made final decisions on any of that at this point in time.

Yes. Terrific question, Greg. First of all, I think if you recall, when we first bought IMC, we talked about the incredibly small overlap of the customers that we had. And that hasn't changed. But over time, we have -- in our core business, we have gotten deeper and deeper in import coverage, primarily through the Duralast brand and we will continue to do that. So I don't see any major shift in how we go to market. I think all of us have -- and we at AutoZone, in particular, have constantly been enhancing our coverage on import parts. When you think about the Mega Hubs and hubs, there's a lot of that there, but there's a lot of it in just those core satellite stores as well. So I think we'll continue to focus on the import market but not a major shift. What we won't be doing is sell in the high-end import market, which is where IMC is really good at. So think about BMWs and Mercedes, in particular, and that's just a part of the market that we're not focused on.

We're still working through the timing. We made a decision last Monday. So this is fresh. It's going to take us a little bit of time as we rewrite delivery schedules to get it in, but I would say it'll be in place over the next several months. So the net change is not going to be significant. We've been testing low volume stores at 3x a week, high volume stores at 1 time a week and the like for the last year, 1.5 years, in particular. So the net change is not going to be significant. We're going to have lower volume stores that are getting 3-time-a-week delivery today, then go back to one-time-a-week delivery. We're going to have high-volume stores that are getting once a week delivery to get 3-time-a-week delivery. We think it will have a marginal sales benefit and a neutral cost impact once it's implemented.

Great. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We continue to execute our game plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.