Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations & Tax. 
Regarding the third quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them. 
I am excited and honored to share with you the exceptionally strong performance our team of 100,000 AutoZoners delivered this quarter. As I've said previously, throughout this pandemic, we could not deliver the kind of results we have without the continued exceptional performance of our entire team, especially our store and supply chain AutoZoners. As our sales volumes have remained at historic all-time highs, our AutoZoners have met this demand head-on with enthusiasm for going the extra mile for our customers. While we have asked a lot of our AutoZoners over the last year, they have taken on the challenge and continue to inspire and impress us all. I also want to reiterate our top priority remains being committed to keeping all of our customers and AutoZoners safe. Thank you, AutoZoners, again. 
Now to our sales results. Our overall same-store sales were up 28.9% this quarter. Our growth rates for retail and commercial were both strong, with commercial's growth north of 40%. This is almost double the comp growth rate of our DIY business, an incredible accomplishment for both businesses but especially for commercial. We achieved our highest weekly commercial sales of all time. We averaged nearly $70 million a week in commercial sales. This is incredible, considering we averaged $48 million for Q3 of last year. For the trailing 4 quarters, we have sold domestically $3.1 billion to commercial customers. We are doing some really exciting things in commercial. And we couldn't be more proud of our team's recent successes. 
Now let's focus on sales cadence. This quarter stretched from mid-February to the first week of May. In the first 4 weeks, our sales comp was approximately 11.6%. This was lower than the trend we were experiencing at the end of our second quarter. We believe the cause of our sales slowing were the winter storms experienced across the Central and Southeastern states. Sales picked up for the next 4 weeks from mid-March to mid-April, concurrent with the arrival of additional stimulus payments. The final 4 weeks happened to coincide perfectly with the stimulus payments from last year. It was over these 4 weeks last year when our sales ramped materially. This year, over those 4 weeks, we averaged a 14% comp with the last 2 weeks coming down to the mid-single-digit range. 
We continue to maintain solid growth rates post stimulus. For Q3, our 2-year comp was 27.9%. On a 2-year stacked basis, the first 4 weeks were up 17.9%, the next 4 weeks were up an impressive 49.9% and the last 4 weeks were still up 26.7%. It was encouraging for us to see sales inflect upward this quarter with both traffic and ticket moving higher. Our traffic growth was roughly double the ticket growth rate as the reintroduction of federal stimulus payments and the execution of our growth initiatives drove a material increase in traffic. 
During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are. Across both our retail and commercial customer bases, we saw majority of the country perform consistently well. Normally, we talk about the Midwest and Northeastern markets underperforming the others. No, not this quarter. These markets were in line with the rest of the country for both DIY and DIFM. And we believe the winter weather we experienced in February bodes well for our future sales opportunities this summer and into the fall. 
And I could not be more proud to say that based on the retail sales data we have for our industry, we continue to enjoy share gains. The share data we have available for the first 8 weeks of this quarter shows we are growing at a roughly 10% higher rate than the remainder of the industry. While we are thrilled to have those share gains, our charge remains to maintain them heading into the summer and fall months. 
Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. On last quarter's call, we shared that we would provide every single AutoZoner with a $100 incentive once they completed their vaccination for COVID-19. That's every AutoZoner, including part-timers. This was the logical next step in our efforts to provide a safe working and shopping environment as we have with our ongoing PPE efforts. We spent about $1 million during the quarter incentivizing our AutoZoners to get that vaccine. I continue to be inspired by our Board and management team's commitment to doing what is right, and that is putting safety first. Our culture and our values of taking care of one another have been in full force and effect over the last year during this pandemic. 
While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, we are cautious about predicting future trends. The latest round of stimulus payments certainly accelerated our sales. And sales remained at elevated levels through the end of the quarter. However, we can't fully predict what all the different pushes and pulls on macro trends mean for us. However, we remain bullish on the industry's ability to grow this year. And we believe we are well positioned to gain additional share beyond what we already have. I'm sure many of you would like to know how we are thinking about the sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal '21. I'll remind you that typically in recessionary environments, our business is remarkably resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical. 
Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional shopping experience. We are optimistic about the sales environment heading into the fourth fiscal quarter. But we will obviously have the most difficult comparison in our history as last year's fourth quarter benefited from the April 2020 stimulus package and enhanced unemployment benefits through July. And we generated an astonishing 21.8% same-store sales growth last year in Q4. While we understand you would like more clarity on our expectations for this Q4, this remains a very challenging environment to predict, especially in DIY, as many evolving macro factors meaningfully impact our results. 
Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 28.9% versus last year's third quarter, our net income was $596 million and our EPS was $26.48 a share, 84% above last year's third quarter. Our same-store sales growth this quarter was a record for any quarter since we became a publicly traded company back in 1991. Both our retail and commercial businesses showed strength in the quarter with DIY same-store sales up approximately 25% and commercial total sales growth of approximately 44%. 
For commercial, we averaged $70 million in weekly sales, which was approximately $13,500 in sales per program per week. These commercial sales numbers easily set all-time records for us. The initiatives we have in place are helping drive our commercial sales. I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75 billion market. And we believe our product and service offerings provide us a tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time. 
Next, I'll talk about trends across our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales floor categories continue to be strong with categories like tools, antifreeze, small repair and floor mats showing strength. But our hard parts business definitely picked up. And our hard parts business comped in line with our sales floor for the quarter. This now represents our second quarter in a row where we saw our hard parts business grow in line with sales floor items. We believe this strengthening of our hard parts business is due to the significant winter weather we experienced, additional stimulus and the pickup in miles driven the nation is beginning to see as people return to a new normal. 
Business remained very strong in many merchandise categories, such as accessories and batteries. Notably, brakes and rotors, while still slightly below our average growth, had a meaningful rebound this quarter due to the winter weather. As we expect our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge will moderate over time, we believe the investments we have made in both our retail and commercial businesses position us to deliver outsized share gains relative to the overall industry. In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult economic times. And this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our future prospects. 
Now I will turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere. These continue to be unique and extraordinary times. Our team has done a wonderful job of managing and leading throughout this time frame. I am proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers but doing so in a very safe manner. At the start of this pandemic last year, we could never have guessed the positive impact it would have on our sales. To be able to report our largest domestic comp sales number ever this quarter 30 years after going public is just amazing. 
But with this fortuitous outcome, we knew we had to take advantage of this window of time and experiment. We've tested to understand the origins of our share gains and potential for retaining those gains as the world goes back to some sense of normalcy. We believe the environment continues to allow us this chance to learn. But we will be deliberate. We understand the value of the capital invested. As our capital is our investors' capital, we must have an appropriate return. We've worked exceptionally well to deliver on our commitments thus far. 
But we must keep focus and continue to deliver. There are no layups. We must continue to innovate. While our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well, we understand that trends will slow. We're going to work hard, real hard, to gain as much share as possible now in order to limit our future headwinds. Our goal is to retain all of these new customers and new occasions, where existing customers are choosing AutoZone. And as we've discussed, our domestic commercial business is still in the very early innings of a maturation process. It is an honor to have reported this morning that we are now doing materially over $3 billion in domestic commercial sales on a trailing 4-quarter basis. But we hope and we believe the best is yet to come for our commercial business. 
As always, we have work to do as we head into our summer selling season. But we are excited to exploit the opportunities that are in front of us. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like in 3 to 5 years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, very bullish on our company. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. Jamere talked about the fact that we're beginning to see some pretty significant inflation on certain product categories. I don't think that, that's been a big driver of our performance in Q3, but it is something that we are very mindful of as we move into Q4. And frankly, we're having to pass some of those costs along to our customers, just like we've done for the last 40 years.

Yes. Simeon, thank you for the question. Clearly, they're on both sides of the business. We've had very targeted approach on the DIY side that has been focused more on two different spectrums of the business: one, on commodity products that are highly available in lots of different environments; and then two, on very slow-moving, hard-to-find parts, where maybe our value proposition isn't as different as it is when you can walk in the store and get immediate product availability. The DIY piece is smaller than the commercial piece today. And we've done that work and it's all in place. 
And on the commercial side, we did get more aggressive. We didn't get more aggressive because we took prices to a different level. We continued to roll out the pricing initiatives that were working. We originally started with 6 regions, then we went to 14 regions. As of the beginning of this quarter, this has been rolled out. The pricing initiatives in our commercial business have been rolled out across the chain. So you'll see this mature over the next year or so. We don't plan on having a round 2 of these pricing initiatives. What we have seen is these have worked. 
As you know, in the commercial business, pricing transparency isn't what it is in the retail business. But also more importantly, the competitive set is vastly different. When you think about the large players, if you add all of us up in the commercial sector, we're around 20% of the market share. So these pricing initiatives are not designed versus our traditional in-channel competitors. They're more making sure that we have the right pricing and value proposition against other sectors of the industry.

Yes. I would say it's elasticity of demand for us, but it's not driving elasticity of demand for the industry. I think in some respects, it's improved our competitive position, not against our in-channel competitors but against other competitors. And that's proven to be successful. As we think about an inflationary environment, I know AutoZone will make sure that we pass those costs along to our consumers, just like we always have. And I don't think that, that will be any different than normal.

I understand your point. Your point about the $35 million investment is exactly right. And that's one of the things that we wrestled with over time is clearly there's a sales headwind before you even begin talking about picking up the gross profit dollars. But as I said earlier, Michael, we've tested this. We've tested it extensively for over a year. Again, these are very surgical pricing investments. They're not across the board. And yes, some of our commercial -- our close-in competitors may follow us, they may not on some of these things. But that's really not where our focus has been on making sure that we have the right value proposition. It's been making sure that we're priced right with other competitors that are outside of the close-in competitors. We feel like we are doing exceptionally well with that. 
I think also I want to go back to what Jamere said. This strategy is not a pricing strategy. This strategy, which we have been working on for over 3 years now, it had the single largest technology investment in our company's history in it, where we rolled out handheld devices, where we improved our website, all making us much easier to do business with and substantially lowering our delivery times. We've continued to invest in the Duralast brand, which is -- that's one of the strongest brands in the automotive aftermarket, if not the strongest. And people used to think that, that was a headwind. Now people understand that it is a tremendous asset. We've continued to roll out Hubs and Mega-Hubs, where we're substantially improving our immediate availability of parts and products. So this is a holistic strategy of which pricing is an element of it. 
And I understand what you're saying that a lot of people have invested in this sector for years because of the margin characteristics, not just gross margin characteristics but the overall operating margin characteristics. And Michael, you're -- you've been around long enough to remember in 2005, when I came into this role and we made an SG&A investment, everybody said, "Okay, this is the beginning of the SG&A -- or the beginning of the operating margins going from 17.5% down to 12%." Well, what happened? Over time, we had found a way to increase our operating margins. I'm not sure if that will happen from here, but these are very marginal investments to make sure that we are in the right competitive position against all channels.

Michael, before I turn that second part over to Jamere, I want to hit your earlier part. I was very clear in my comment a few minutes ago that, as of now, we have rolled out this commercial pricing initiative across the vast majority of the chain. And as Jamere said, there is no act 2 under development or under consideration. So as we annualize this time next year, we'll be annualizing those investments. Jamere?

Thanks, Scot.

Yes. Let me jump in there. As you know, Scot, we've been dealing with accelerated labor inflation for some time, 4, 5 years. And we have many markets where we're already at $15 or above. I was recently in Seattle. Our minimum wage in Seattle is $16.70. And we are figuring out a way to make sure that we manage through that. And part of that is our pricing has to be different when we have that kind of change in our labor component of our cost structure.

Clearly, we've said over a long, long period of time that miles driven is a good indicator of what -- of how our business is going to perform. However, we've also said, and we said this back in the Great Recession, that in certain times, it's not a good predictor of what happens in our business. Clearly, if you just straight-line what happens to miles driven, you would have never forecast what happened to us over the last year because miles driven were down significantly. But there was a new element called federal stimulus. 
And we were talking this morning, a family of 4 over the last 4 years -- or the last 4 quarters has picked up over $10,000 in federal stimulus. That does not count unemployed -- enhanced unemployment benefits. That is just the stimulus. For our customer, that's a tremendous amount of money. And many of those customers turn to their automobiles and enhance them, repair them or whatever the case may be. Clearly, as miles driven return, there will be some small tailwind. But I don't think that it will be nearly enough to offset the headwind that will come from us lapping those tremendous amounts of economic stimulus that were in the environment.

No, we're calling it that internally. We're putting the pressure on the team. We got to keep that. I think that there's some level of stimulus that's been in our commercial performance as well but not nearly to the extent that it has helped accelerate the DIY business. So we have big expectations to continue to grow commercial at fairly robust rates going forward. Clearly, the DIY piece will be more challenged as we head into Q4 and really frankly, the next 12 months. But commercial, we think, is a much stickier business. 
Yes, we picked up new customers. More importantly, we've penetrated our existing customers with new categories or deeper levels of their business. As Jamere said, as far as the tradeoff between the up-and-down-the-street customer or the national account customer, before this quarter, our up-and-down-the-street business was performing much better than our national account business. This quarter, the national account business was generally in line with our up-and-down-the-street business. And as we talk to those leaders, their businesses have improved along the same lines.

Yes. I think the share gains that we got because of the store closures were really over around May of last year. But we continued to grow share gains as consumer behaviors have changed. Just think about not whether or not a store is open, but think about your own personal shopping habits. Are you going in more convenient, smaller-box stores? I think we've seen a lot of that across all kind of channels, including ours. And part of our desire is how do we -- now that we're getting those new customers or frankly more so new occasions from existing customers, how do we make sure that we provide them a stellar shopping experience now and permanently change those shopping behaviors, so we keep those occasions going forward? That's what we're really focused on.

We exited -- I don't have the numbers right in front of me because I went through -- I quoted some of them in the script. And we were very intentional about that to talk about those 4-week differences so that you can see. As we were before stimulus, we were seeing a slight deceleration of our sales coming out of Q2. Then when stimulus happened, I think we said we were up roughly 50%, I think it was 49.9%. And then we came out the other side. And on a 2-year basis, we were still up 26.7% in those last 4 weeks. Our comps, as we exited the quarter, the last 4 weeks this year, were 14%, with the last 2 weeks coming down to the mid-single-digit range. 
So what we have seen is that stimulus -- stimulus dollars that came in March, they stayed and had a lingering effect in helping drive our business longer than we would have expected, similar to what happened last summer. If you remember, our business was really, really strong post the April stimulus. Now last year, you had the enhanced unemployment benefits at $600 a week versus $300 a week this year. So clearly, that will be a headwind as we look in Q4 but not completely. Does that help?

Well, as Jamere mentioned, we have 50 Mega-Hubs now. We're on a path to have 100 to 110. So we will more than double the amount of Mega-Hubs that we have today. And I will tell you, Jamere, who's in charge of store development, has a big bogey out there to make that happen very fast. And you'll see a significant amount of Mega-Hubs come online this quarter and over the next year. So I think that, that will help us in a big way. As Jamere said, this business is about parts availability. It was that way when we started 42 years ago, it's still that way today. 
If you don't have it, you can't sell it. And we're getting parts closer and closer and closer to our customers. I also talked about all this technology that we've rolled out. And we're still in the very early innings of that. We've seen reductions in our delivery times, but we are looking for significantly bigger, larger reductions in delivery times as this technology matures, as our team understands how to utilize it and how to change. Getting parts and products frankly out of the building is our biggest focus, not necessarily the drive time. 
All right. Thank you very much. All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We are excited about our future growth prospects, but we take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. 
Lastly, as we celebrate Memorial Day next Monday, we should remember all of our country's heroes, both past and present. We owe these Americans a tremendous debt of gratitude. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Have a great day.