Good morning.

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2020 first quarter conference call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.
Regarding the first quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, is available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them.
To begin this morning, I want to thank all AutoZoners across the entire organization for their dedicated, passionate service to our customers. I'm routinely reminded of the tremendous lengths AutoZoners go to meet and exceed the needs of our customers. Whether that's helping a Retail customer determine the cause of their problem, finding an extremely hard-to-find part for a Commercial customer, or an ALLDATA ASE Master Tech walking the customer through an incredibly complicated repair, our AutoZoners across the Americas serve our customers with compassion, care and confidence.
Our AutoZoners' intense full focus on the customer is the reason that I believe we have momentum and why we were able to deliver solid results this quarter. Overall, we were pleased with our performance in Q1.
This morning, we will review our major themes for the quarter. Specifically, we'll talk about same-store sales performance across months, regions and customer segments. Secondly, we'll update you on the initiatives we have in place to drive sales in both Retail and Commercial, including our ongoing investments in technology and inventory assortments that we believe continue to be a core reason for our sales growth. We'll also touch on the subject of tariffs and the impact of those on our business.
Our total sales grew 5.7% this quarter versus last year. This was faster than Q4's growth of 5.4% adjusted for the 53rd week. This growth was in line with our expectations and was encouraging, considering we knew we were up against accelerating Commercial growth this same time last year. We gained traction in our Retail business as our DIY sales comp was just shy of 1%. Because of a shift in the timing of our quarter versus last year's first quarter, we knew this would cause a headwind in the results for our overall comp. But even with the shift, we were quite pleased with our results. 
Also the data we have on market share indicated we were growing nicely versus the remainder of the market included in this competitive set. We feel we are well positioned for our DIY business to deliver strong performance for the remainder of the year.
Regarding our domestic DIFM business, our sales grew 13.6% year-over-year. We were very pleased with this result, considering we were up against growth of 11.3% in the first quarter of last year. Considering this was the first quarter where the DIFM business had to lap double-digit sales growth, we knew this would not be an easy task. It has been encouraging to see our 2-year Commercial comps continue to build. 
Our team across the organization from our sales team, to our operators, merchants, technologists, marketers, credit team to ALLDATA and on and on, have really bought into providing a compelling, differentiated comprehensive experience for our customers, and with that approach, we're being rewarded with incremental business in the marketplace by our customers.
While we remain smaller than many of our peers in absolute sales volume, our growth rate has been very robust, growing about 3x the industry growth rate. This growth has come from a combination of many initiatives that have been in development for years, including inventory management, our inventory assortment improvements, Hub and MegaHub store expansions, the ever strengthening reputation of the Duralast brand across our professional customer base, technology enhancements, increased engagement of our very strong store operating teams and tremendous efforts on the part of our entire sales organization to effectively convey our value proposition.
We also grew our Commercial sales per store at a higher clip than we did in last year's first quarter. Although we were averaging fewer annual program openings, as approximately 85% of our stores already have a program, the programs we have opened continue to produce for us.
The first quarter marked our third consecutive quarter of averaging more than $10,000 in weekly Commercial sales per program, and we continue to grow our sales with mature customers in mature programs at a substantially improved growth rate the last 2 years versus previous years, indicating our offerings, products, coverage, customer service and the ability to enhance the customer's overall shopping experience are improved and have been recognized and rewarded by our customers.
Finally, our up and down the street business, otherwise known as the independent repair shops, grew faster than our overall Commercial business, indicating that the improvements we are making are broad-based across different geographies and customer types.
Our AutoZoners have taken ownership of our success and are adding value to our Commercial customers, which has and will continue to have a very positive impact on the business. That said, we believe there is still considerable growth opportunities for us in Commercial as our market share remains small.
Regarding our domestic DIY business. We generated another positive same-store sales result for the quarter and an improvement in percentage growth year-over-year versus last quarter. Retail remains a very consistent predictable story for us as it is definitely a more mature customer segment than Commercial, but a predictable revenue stream and substantial profit and cash flow generator. All months of our quarter showed positive DIY same-store sales, and we saw our best performance versus the previous year in November. On a 2-year basis, our performance was very consistent each month.
Last quarter, we mentioned a sales impact we were seeing with our Hispanic customer base. This quarter, we do not believe this impacted results, either across the country or specifically out in the Western and Southwestern U.S. markets. Regionally, we did better out West and were a little softer in the Northeast. We believe the sales results in the Northeast were being impacted by weather and weather comparisons to last year. Overall, we were pleased with the performance and consistency in our Retail business in Q1 and feel good about the remainder of the year.
With that said, as is our historical practice, as we enter our second quarter, we believe it is prudent to remind everyone that weather patterns in this quarter can change significantly from year-to-year and, in particular, week-to-week. The second quarter is always our most volatile quarter from a sales perspective, both positively and negatively. But over time, weather effects normalize, as does our sales performance.
In our discussions with investors, there seems to be heightened questions regarding the stability of our Retail business and its trajectory. While we cannot predict the future, we certainly can learn from the past. We've routinely said that our same-store sales generally trade in a pretty tight band. And that remains true. To add a touch more specificity to that discussion, we've had periods of underperformance and overperformance in our Retail same-store sales. But over the last 25 quarters, our Retail same-store sales have been positive for 21 of those 25 quarters.
While many casual observers of our industry believe Retail is contracting and Commercial is accelerating, the facts, according to AutoCare, our industry association, do not support that notion. Their data has shown both sectors of the industry with very long-term consistent growth in the low to mid-single-digit range, with Commercial growing slightly faster. For us, we believe in the health of both our Retail and Commercial business.
So if we sound upbeat about our sales opportunities for the remainder of 2020, we are, and I'll explain some of the reasons for our optimism. We have a number of initiatives we've been executing. One major ongoing one is availability. Once again, we learned that adding inventory and additional parts coverage matters in local markets. This quarter, we set records for the highest in-stock position in our company's history. Congratulations to our supply chain team, merchant and operators; great work.
Additionally, we opened 11 new Hub stores this quarter and now have 216 Hub locations, 37 of which are MegaHubs. We continue to see sales ramping in markets where Hub stores are added. We see it, of course, in the Hubs themselves, but also in the surrounding market serviced by the Hub. We're seeing these larger stores paying for themselves faster and faster in the maturation curve. And we're seeing them growing well past the first or second year open.
Our first couple of MegaHub locations opened in 2013, and they are still comping above the overall chain comp. We'll continue to open Hubs for the foreseeable future as we're utilizing them as distribution nodes for hard-to-find parts, adding to our local market inventory availability.
Hub stores are also helping us with our online orders for next-day delivery. It is an efficient way to have and leverage all the product in the local market, and improves our ability to meet customer demand, regardless of channel in a very cost-effective manner.
Next, we've been spending a significant amount of time, effort and resources to leverage technology to enhance the customer experience. We've invested a great deal in both operating and capital expense to benefit our DIY and DIFM businesses.
Our IT spend has comfortably increased by double digits for the last few years. At the end of the quarter, we began to roll out, after a considerable amount of time, due diligence and testing a new point-of-sale system to our stores. This system leverages new architectures and technologies that will expedite the transaction by making the workflow more succinct and logical with touchscreen capabilities and will allow us to make future changes much quicker as we replace very old legacy [ code ] all to enhance the customer experience. 
We've also done some important work behind the scenes that should help our agility by updating our store operating system, expanding the number of available SKUs our systems can handle and updating our human capital system. We are also investing a great deal in our Commercial systems as we continue to test these new technologies. We remain confident that allowing our customers easier means of doing business with us will help Commercial continue to grow at an accelerated pace for the future.
On last quarter's call, we highlighted what we were seeing with tariffs. We noted that as the result of the tariffs, we had experienced a small amount of inflation, a departure from the norm. As the tariffs were introduced, we began to pass those costs on to our customers. We were successful in negotiating with certain vendors, reducing the impact of the tariffs. 
However, we did have to raise some prices. As some of the tariff increases are considerable in particular select product lines, we've been intentionally passing those costs along in tranches as we absorb those costs through our weighted average cost accounting method. If the tariffs remain, we intend to pass additional cost increases on through increased retails.
The tariffs have resulted in SKU-to-SKU inflation, which differs from our historical experience. To date, tariffs and their impact on our cost and Retail has been manageable and not a significant driver of our business results one way or the other.
Turning to our omnichannel efforts. We continue to invest in our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting customers when, where and how they want to shop. We have initiatives in place to improve our in-store systems and websites, autozone.com, AutoZonePro Mobile, the new Duralast parts website and ALLDATA. We continue to see growth in website traffic and rapid growth in our ship-to-home, next-day delivery and Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store sales. But omnichannel will -- still represents a very small percentage of our business, substantially below 5%.
Last quarter, we discussed our next-day delivery program that allows customers in over 85% of the U.S. markets to order as late as midnight in some markets and receive their products at their home the very next day. We continue to see Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store as our largest omnichannel business by a pretty wide margin. This BOPIS model is also growing faster than our ship-to-home businesses, highlighting the importance of our high-touch operating model where customers place a high value on the trustworthy advice our AutoZoners deliver to them.
Regarding our annual operating theme for 2020, 40 years of WOW! Customer Service, we continue to push for a relentless focus on what matters to our customers: exceptional service; fast deliveries; high-quality parts and products; trustworthy advice and flawless execution across the enterprise. In 2020, we continue to challenge our leadership teams to reduce the time of redundant or noncustomer-facing activities for our store AutoZoners. By removing or streamlining these tasks, we know we can improve our levels of customer service. This will continue to be a major focus for us in 2020.
Along with improving our local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with substantial opportunities for advancement and work to ensure we're providing strong returns for our shareholders.
In summary, we were pleased with our performance and remain encouraged with our industry strength in both DIY and DIFM and our prospects for the remainder of the fiscal year. We believe macro factors, such as relatively low gas prices and increasing miles driven, remain largely in our favor. And we remain committed to growing our market share in both our DIY and Commercial businesses.
For the quarter, total sales increased 5.7%, and our domestic same-store sales were up 3.4%. This performance was generally in line with our expectations, but we did have an unfavorable comparison in sales due to a calendar shift resulting from our 53rd week this past year. Our same-store sales would have been 68 basis points higher if we were comparing to the same weeks last year.
Regionally, the markets west of the Mississippi outperformed the eastern half of the U.S. The Northeastern and mid-Atlantic markets were our lowest performance. But we see in our underperforming markets, consistent performance on the 2-year stack basis.
During the quarter, we opened 18 new stores in the U.S. and our Commercial business opened 24 net new programs. Currently, 85% of our domestic stores have a commercial program, and the vast majority of our international stores have a commercial program.
During the quarter, we continued to expand our international footprint, opening 2 new stores in Mexico and 2 in Brazil. We should, once again, highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our first quarter at 35.5%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best in all of hardlines retailing. However, our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return well in excess of our cost of capital. It is important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital.
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to, again, thank and reinforce how appreciative we are of our AutoZoners' efforts to again deliver solid results for our first fiscal quarter of 2020.
Now I'll turn the call over to Bill Giles. Bill?

Thank you, Bill. We are pleased to report a solid first quarter. Delivering 3.4% same-store sales growth while strong, was in line with our expectations. 
Over the last 5 quarters or so, we've made incremental operating expense investments in our business with an expectation that we would improve our competitive position and therefore, increase market share in both sectors, accelerating our sales growth. We've been pleased with those investments, which were primarily in labor and technology.
Our labor investments have resulted in reduced turnover of our most tenured knowledgeable customer-facing AutoZoners. And as we begin to deploy these new technologies, we expect them to enhance the customer and AutoZoner experience.
In fiscal 2019, we shared well in advance that we would have accelerating SG&A expenses, which would lead to reduced EBIT growth for the fiscal year. We delivered on that commitment and slightly overperformed our expectations regarding EBIT in 2019.
As we embark on fiscal 2020, we still have elements of our expense structure that are growing faster than historical rates, but our expectation is to have higher than historical sales growth like we have experienced in the last several quarters. For fiscal 2020, our expectation is the higher expected sales growth will lead to EBIT growth rates above the last 4 quarters and approaching our more typical low to mid-single-digit levels.
For the new year, we must continue to execute consistently at a high level, which we believe is in our line of sight. We understand we must adhere to Living the Pledge and doing what is right for customers. We cannot take our eye off of execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must keep managing to our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. 
For the remainder of the year, we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives, and we will remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners' workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary tasks that get in the way of making the customer experience better, both for do-it-yourself customer and the professional customers.
We believe our industry's fundamentals will remain solid as we see positive year-over-year miles driven statistics. And the aging vehicle characteristics in our markets continue to encourage us about the new year. 
We remain focused on growing our DIY business and continuing to grow our Commercial business well in excess of industry growth rates. We believe our balanced earnings and cash-generating model allows us to deliver steady growth as our history suggests. We promise to remain committed to both executing our strategies and getting better every single day.
I'd like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers, which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve and ultimately rewards our shareholders.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. Thank you. Well, regarding the -- where the growth is coming from, I've even mentioned in our prepared remarks that we are seeing significant growth from mature customers who happen to be in mature programs. So most of the growth that we are seeing, and most of the change in the growth that we are seeing is coming from existing customers that we had, whether they were up and down the street or national account customers. We're just penetrating those customers much deeper than we were before. 
Regarding where we go from here, obviously, we don't have the crystal ball. But I will tell you, when we look back over this acceleration over the last 5 quarters, it has not been 1 thing. It has been due to several different initiatives that we've had in place and frankly, been in the works for several years, whether that's inventory assortment improvements, whether that's getting our store managers and district managers involved, whether it's building the reputation and the brand of the Duralast products that we sell. There's been a whole host of different things that we believe have contributed to this growth. 
We don't know what's going to happen in the future, but we do know that we have several other initiatives in front of us on the Commercial front, particularly technology initiatives that we have not rolled out yet, and we're excited about what the prospects of those initiatives will mean in the future.

Yes, it's really hard to see it. But certainly, in certain product categories, we've seen the tariffs come in, and they've been meaningful. But we have not taken the full cost impact because of our weighted average cost accounting model. So those costs come in over time as the inventory turns. So we have moved our retails up, as I said, in tranches, and when we've seen them go up, we have seen some elasticity of demand in certain categories, not a ton. At the end of the day, when we look at the impact of the inflation in the retails and the elasticities, we don't think net-net is having a significant impact on our business yet. But again, we still have a long way to go because we haven't absorbed all those costs and then who knows where the tariffs go from here.

Yes. Michael, I would say I have the same optimism I've had for about 25 years. I believe, in the Retail business. There's a lot of people, as I mentioned, that think that the Retail business is going away, that it's declining, and the Commercial business is rapidly growing. If you go back to our 1991 annual report, we are trying to dispute the myth that the Retail business is declining. I'm trying to continue to dispel that myth. And the easiest way for me to do is talk about what has transpired over the last 25 quarters. 25 quarters, 21 of them have had positive same-store sales for AutoZone. Now I don't know what other people are experiencing. But I also mentioned and I've continued to mention that our Retail business, in particular, it does not fluctuate that much quarter-to-quarter. Our performance is in a pretty tight band. 
Now this quarter, we did particularly well, especially if you consider the shift -- the calendar shift that impacted us. That would have been one of our stellar quarters. We're also going to have quarters that aren't as strong. That's just the nature of the business, but it trades from slightly down to up 1 or 2 points, and it's been doing that for as long as I've been in this business.

I think you're going to continue to see it come from those smaller folks. That's what's happened overall. When I got in this business, there were about 35,000 Auto Parts outlets. Today, there's about 35,000 Auto Parts outlets. Now a lot more of them are in the hands of us and our close end competitors, but there's still a whole lot out there that aren't by us.

As I said in the prepared remarks, we're going to continue to have elevated SG&A expenses. We've spent a lot of time working on some substantial new technology-oriented initiatives that, frankly, you haven't seen yet. And therefore, we haven't begun to expense them yet. They're showing up through the capital expense line, but because we haven't deployed them, we're not depreciating them. Those are coming. There are some on the DIY side, like I mentioned, the new POS system. We also have several on the Commercial side that will be coming over the next 6 months or so.

Yes. What I'm trying to say is, remember, DIY, it trades in a very tight band. We had a strong quarter this quarter. I don't know what's going to happen next quarter or the quarter after that. But overall, we believe in the long-term health of the DIY business. That's the message that I'm trying to make sure that we convey. 
I also want to put an exclamation point of something else that I said in the script. And that is that the second quarter is always very volatile. And part of it has to do with when the quarter ends. It ends right around Valentine's Day, which is when the seasons shift, when tax refunds begin to hit the marketplace. So I don't know what's going to happen in the second quarter. It's always volatile, and we just want to make sure everybody realizes that.

I think it's accelerating as the entire business accelerates. The point that we're trying to make sure is that the biggest change that we've seen over the last 6 quarters or so has been our mature customer growth has changed significantly.

Well, our confidence isn't going to determine whether we're successful or not, unfortunately. I think we certainly have a higher level of confidence because we've done it for 5 quarters. I would say, more importantly than that, we're encouraged by the initiatives that we have in front of us. Now you said something I want to make sure that I'm not saying. I'm not saying our sales are going to accelerate from here in Commercial. I don't know. But I feel like we will continue to outperform the industry by, hopefully, a substantial margin. If that's 10% or 15% or I don't know, but I'm really excited about the initiatives that we have in front of us. And basically, the momentum that we're building in the marketplace from our inventory availability to the power of the Duralast brand, to the service that our customers are seeing from our AutoZoners, just as I talk to customers, I see a whole different level of confidence that our customers have in us and our ability to service their needs.

Yes, I think it depends on what happens in that week in February. As I talked about a couple of times already, that particular point in the calendar is very volatile. The last time we had this, it was very favorable to our second quarter results. We don't know what will happen this time, but we'll let you know. It could easily be favorable or it could easily be unfavorable. It just depends on that what happens right around Valentine's Day.

All great questions. I just keep going back to it trades in such a tight band that it's really hard to say. We certainly think lower gas mileage is beneficial. We think miles driven increases are beneficial, but they're so miniscule that they're just not big drivers of the business overall. We think the most important driver of what happens with the DIY business is what our AutoZoners do to provide great service to our customers. And I think we're doing a really, really good job of that right now. The morale of this organization, of our teams in our stores, in particular, they know they're winning, they feel like they're winning, they feel good about it. And I think that that's translating into better service, which is translating into better performance.

Thank you.

Yes, I think that the second part of that is absolutely right, Greg, and it's going to depend on the category. Certain categories turn faster or slower than other categories. So as we turn that inventory, the cost -- the costs in our gross margin increase, and we're trying to manage that consistent with how we manage the retail increases for the sole purpose of not shocking the system. We've had lots of different cost increases over the years for a variety of reasons, whether that's oil-based prices going up, lead, steel, whatever the case might be. But when it's 25%, that's a significant increase. And so we're trying to do that over 3 or 4 tranches, so not to shock the system and to try to provide the customer with as good a value as we can for as long as we can. So far, I'm very pleased with how our merchants have managed those issues. What was the first part of your question, Greg?

We have filed some exceptions. Don't know all the answers at this point in time. Some of them would impact us in a beneficial way if we were able to get them.

Thanks. You too, Greg. 
Okay. Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful.
We thank you for participating in today's call, and we'd like to wish our AutoZoners, and everyone on the call, a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thank you very much.