Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2020 Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the third quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them. 
Since our last earnings release, the world has changed significantly and so has our business. During our last call, on March 3, we were focused on COVID-19 but more from a supply chain disruption perspective. Quickly thereafter, the unprecedented ramifications of the pandemic and its disruption on lives across the globe became a reality. As we have navigated these remarkable times, our first priority has been and will continue to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. 
This quarter was the most remarkable quarter I've ever experienced. In light of that, this will be a different, more detailed update on our business. Our business is typically pretty predictable. As I've said many times, our sales fluctuate in a very tight band. But currently, that has not been true. 
We aren't sure what lies ahead. So we are going to share a lower level of granularity this quarter so you have a deeper understanding of the fluctuations and drivers or potential drivers. I know as we move into the Q&A, you will want us to help you "model" our sales performance for Q4. Frankly, we are having a very difficult time forecasting our business week-to-week, much less for the next quarter. And who knows what is in front of us this summer. Will the cases decline and subside? Will they escalate as we begin to reopen the economy? Will the government provide additional stimulus? Will enhanced unemployment benefits help our business? Will all our commercial customers survive? We have too many unknowns, and our focus is on making sure, in the short term, we provide our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with exceptional experience. 
As for the long term, to date, we don't see anything that substantially changes our bullish view on our industry, but we must continue to monitor consumer shifts and behavior. And if the economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we believe our customers will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles, and it will benefit our business, retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions. As a reminder, our strongest periods of outside sales growth over the last 3 decades have been the early '90s, '01, '02, '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary periods. 
While we always begin these calls by thanking our AutoZoners, what our team has done as an essential retailer and remaining open throughout the crisis to serve the motoring public has been nothing short of phenomenal. I applaud our entire team, many who have had to quickly pivot to new ways of working, but I especially want to call out, recognize and show deep appreciation for our store AutoZoners and our distribution center AutoZoners. These remarkable people have done a tremendous job throughout this time and have made several large changes in how we operate and have done it quickly with tremendous passion and, of course, with excellence. I simply can't thank them enough for what they have done for our customers and our company. 
Now let's move into our performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were down 1% versus last year's third quarter. Our net income was $343 million, and our EPS was $14.39 a share, 10% below last year. 
Regarding our sales performance. The quarter can best be described in 3 time periods, each basically 4 weeks long. Recall that we had a very mild winter and a disappointing sales performance in our fiscal second quarter. We shared that we were optimistic about the balance of the year, and in particular, the third quarter, as we felt there was pent-up demand, and unlike other mild winters, many of the maintenance categories had not been pulled forward, and tax refunds were beginning on time and at normal levels. The first 4 weeks, our sales, as expected, were quite strong, with same-store sales up over 6%. Both retail and commercial are performing quite well, with commercial sales growth returning comfortably to double digits. 
And then for the second 4 weeks, the world changed radically, literally overnight. Our sales performance immediately declined materially, dropping to a 1-week low of comps down more than 25%. We began asking ourselves questions we never fathomed before. Do we have the liquidity necessary to weather this storm? Will we have issues with our debt covenants? Will we need to furlough AutoZoners to reduce compensation? How quickly and significantly can we stop capital expenditures and expenses? We immediately acted to shore up any liquidity concerns. We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program, then we issued $1.25 billion of bonds on Wednesday, March 30. We also closed on an additional 364-day $750 million line of credit. This additional line of credit was on top of the unutilized $2 billion line of credit already in place. We were running very pessimistic scenarios and preparing for what we thought could be the worst. 
Our team did a tremendous job enhancing our financial position in a chaotic environment in very short order, a testament to the team and also to the strong financial position and long-term performance of the company. 
Simultaneously, I'm extremely proud to say that we acted swiftly in support of all of our field AutoZoners. Immediately, we instituted reduced store hours of operation across the U.S. store base. This allowed our stores to enhance our cleaning protocols and allow our AutoZoners time off in the evening to decompress after a very stressful day. As an essential business, we were determined to be ready to safely service our customers, the motoring public each day. This meant taking care of our AutoZoners as well. 
Very early in the crisis, we announced that all eligible
[Audio Gap] 
part-time AutoZoners across the U.S. would receive emergency time-off benefits, and it would be available immediately. We didn't wait to see what others were doing or wait on any mandates by governments. We felt it was imperative to act swiftly in support of our AutoZoners on the front lines. We provided them with 2 additional weeks of time off, including, for the first time in our history, providing part-timers with paid time-off up to 40 hours. This additional time-off can be used as the AutoZoner desires. And if they don't use it between now and the calendar year-end, we will pay them for those hours in January. We did this to provide our AutoZoners with choices. Some are in the more vulnerable populations and weren't comfortable coming to work. Others had childcare issues. Others were just anxious while the vast majority we're comfortable coming to work and providing great service to our customers. This decision, which was made in a couple of days, was aligned with our values, and I was honored that our team and our Board of Directors lived up to the powerful culture we often espouse during this crisis. And you know a crisis is when real leaders lead. 
This alone was an incremental expense in the third quarter of $65 million. And combined with other directly related COVID-19 expenses, our SG&A was negatively impacted by about $75 million in the quarter. In addition to this past quarter's investments in our AutoZoners, we plan to provide certain other AutoZoners that were not eligible for the first emergency time-off benefit with similar benefits during the fourth quarter. We are honored to recognize those AutoZoners, helping our customers every day on the front lines and to say thank you for their efforts. 
Based on what we know today, we expect to incur approximately $25 million in additional COVID-19-related expenses in the fourth quarter, including this recognition. 
Our business, retail, in particular, was beginning to rebound at the end of the second 4 weeks. Then at the beginning of the third 4-week period, federal stimulus checks began to arrive and flow through the U.S. economy. We experienced a significant change in trend, moving from negative double-digit comps to a significantly positive comp almost immediately. To put this in perspective, in 2 days, from a Monday to a Wednesday, our retail sales increased by roughly 50%, 5 0 percent in 2 days, and we continue to experience extremely robust sales performance through the end of the quarter. Throughout this crisis, our DIY business has been substantially stronger than DIFM. Retail began rebounding sooner and reacted stronger than commercial when the stimulus money arrived. At the end of the quarter, our commercial business turned positive again but had not yet returned to double-digit growth like before the crisis. 
Specifically, for the quarter, our overall same-store sales for each of the 4-week periods were up over 6%, then down more than 20%, then up in the low teens, ending the quarter down 1%. Given the extreme volatility in the quarter, as I just outlined, and as I said in the opening, it is impossible to know what our future sales trends will be. Unfortunately, we are forced to manage the business literally from week-to-week, and our field organization has done an outstanding job measuring -- or managing these extremes. We expect that our sales growth will moderate as the stimulus money works its way through the economy. But at the same time, the nation is reopening. 
What will that do to our business? We simply aren't sure. What we are sure about is our team has been incredibly nimble. They have reacted quickly to every single change. We are no longer, assuming there are no other significant shocks to the system, asking ourselves some of those very difficult questions. Instead, we are focused on providing our team with the resources and support they need to live up to our pledge, and our AutoZoners have definitely been and continue to put our customers first. 
Regarding geographies. Our performance was much worse in some of the most affected areas, specifically the Northeast, mid-Atlantic. And also, some of our stores in Puerto Rico and Brazil were down considerably as we were forced to close and/or operate under extreme restrictions. Certain markets rebounded pretty quickly like the Pacific Northwest, while others, like New York, as you would expect, has been slower to recover. Our best-performing areas have generally been in the middle of the country. 
There have been very interesting trends in some of our merchandise categories, specifically in the retail business. Certain categories have been quite challenged like wipers and lighting as people have stayed home more and have not been as active at night or during periods of inclement weather. Other categories have been strong, particularly post-stimulus. After a very mild winter, our battery sales have been strong, especially as people park their cars for extended periods, after which the batteries fail or are discharged. We've also seen some surprisingly strong categories that I'll call project categories. These are categories for hobbyists or people who want to upgrade something. People have more time on their hands, so they're working on their project car, doing that enhancement job they've been constantly putting off before. 
Now before moving beyond our sales trends, there's been some significant dialogue regarding short-term impact of miles driven on our business. We have touted miles driven as a key macro factor that impacts our industry's performance for decades. However, there have been times when the correlation with miles driven in our industry sales performance do not have a strong correlation like during the Great Recession. We believe that during select generally shorter periods of time, other factors like new car sales, unemployment and the like are more important, and miles driven is less important. 
Now let's turn our focus to the balance of the P&L. For the quarter, our gross margin was up 2 basis points. Along with past storylines around tariffs, supply chain and mix between DIY and DIFM sales, we've been a very steady performer in regard to gross margin. On operating expenses, our team, particularly our store operations and commercial teams, did a remarkable job of managing our expenses during the massive volatility I noted earlier. 
Imagine trying to manage payroll in line with sales when you have a 50% change in sales in 2 days. Yes. On the surface, we had material deleverage, but the majority of that deleverage was associated with our decision to provide enhanced benefits for our hourly AutoZoners in the form of emergency time-off, costing us approximately $65 million in the quarter. While a very significant and expensive decision, as I have visited stores and talked to our team, this decision strengthen our already unique and powerful culture and show that this organization walks the walk. I believe there will be long-lasting benefits from this decision. Additionally, we had other directly related COVID expenses of approximately $10 million. Excluding these unique charges, our overall operating expenses were below the prior year's quarter. 
Regarding our balance sheet. Our debt came down a bit, and our cash was up. Both were purposeful as we were mindful of cash conservation. We also felt we managed our inventory well as our inventory per store growth declined 0.5% versus Q3 last year. We feel we have strong liquidity heading into our summer season and can handle many of the future unknowns. 
As I mentioned previously, we temporarily paused our stock buyback program. It was certainly the right decision at the time as there was too much uncertainty in the business and in the world. Our share repurchase program has been a very important part of our capital allocation strategy, and it will continue to be. We haven't restarted repurchases yet. But as we gain better visibility to our business trajectory, we intend to continue to leverage our free cash flow after robust investments in our business to reduce share count. Our current thinking is to continue to operate at reasonably similar credit metrics to the past while excluding the extraordinary unique COVID-19 expenses we discussed above. 
On last quarter's conference call, we discussed impacts from the supply chain and goods we received from China, in particular. Today, we are in good shape and have no significant disruptions to report. While we created contingency plans for each merchandise category sourced from China, we ultimately did not have to implement them. Unfortunately, the COVID story shifted to become more of a U.S.-centric story and away from the supply chain disruptions. That said, that portion of this pandemic and the tariffs have made us think differently about supplier diversity. We need to also consider country diversity as well going forward. 
There will be certain of our plans that are disrupted as a result of the crisis, some known today while others will emerge over time. For instance, we paused our store development activities for about a month as we try to get a better understanding on where this was headed. We did this in the United States, Mexico and Brazil. We have subsequently restarted development work in the municipalities that allow us to do so. As a result, we will not meet our new store opening goals for the year. We are pushing in an orderly fashion to get back to opening new stores as quickly as possible. But in this environment, arbitrary goals and dates are not terribly important. So look for us to open less than 200 stores globally this fiscal year. 
I'll spend a quick moment on our omnichannel efforts. As COVID-19 effects on customers' ability to get out and shop group, we ramped up our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting customers when, where and how they wanted to shop. We initiated a curbside pickup option in an amazingly short period of time. Additionally, we saw very strong growth in our online shopping channels, Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, next-day delivery and ship to home. In particular, our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store offering grew rapidly and over double the growth rate of our ship-to-home options. 
I do want to remind listeners that omnichannel for AutoZone still represents a very small percentage of the DIY business, substantially below 5%. 
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to again thank our AutoZoners for their extraordinary efforts during these unprecedented times. I cannot thank you enough nor can the rest of the management team. And I'm confident that I can speak on behalf of our shareholders, too, and say thank you, AutoZoners. You truly are essential, and you are exceptional. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Bill Giles.

Thank you, Bill. 
These certainly are unique and unprecedented times, and they require a very different cadence of data gathering, evaluation and decision-making. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While making so many significant decisions so quickly, we know we won't get them all right, and that's okay. But as long as we are making the best decisions with the right motivations and adjusting as we go, we will continue to persevere. 
We don't know what lies ahead of us for the next few months or even the next couple of years. But what I know is we have a very resilient business that has performed exceptionally well in a wide variety of economic environments, and we have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their family, drive to a close vacation spot or other personal priorities. 
I wish we could provide you with more clarity on our expectations on business trends for the fourth quarter. But as I stated before, there are too many unknowns. But I want to be crystal clear, our expectations do not include sales remaining as robust as we experienced in the last few weeks of the third quarter. Our expectation is that stimulus money will work its way through the economy rather quickly. Our best guide is annual tax refunds. And typically, those funds positively impact our business for about 3 weeks. 
Frankly, our focus isn't on what happens this quarter. It's are we keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe today while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And more importantly, what can we do during this very difficult time to position our company for even greater future success? What really matters is how are we doing a year or 2 from now. And I continue to be quite bullish on our industry and, in particular, on our company. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Sure. It's very interesting on the commercial business. It took a pretty deep dive. It was down roughly 30%, and it stayed there for 3 or 4 weeks, then it began to rebound. If you look at those last 4 weeks, it was negative, the first 2, and then it turned positive the second 2, ending, call it, mid-single digits positive. It's also interesting. I can't say whether or not it was tied to miles driven. It certainly began rebounding as the retail business took off when we got the stimulus money in the economy. But also a lot of customers -- we saw a significant amount of customers that just stopped purchasing from us altogether for some period of time. Our assumption, and we try to reach many of them, is they closed at the beginning of this. And as we got towards the latter part of the quarter, we saw that those nonpurchasing customers had decreased substantially, if not completely. So it looks like some of them just closed their shops and went -- did whatever they needed to do, stayed at home and then began reopening, and our business picked up.

I don't think that our strategy has impacted one bit by what's happened in retail or commercial in any significant way at this point in time. Now we're going to have to understand and watch what happens with consumer behavior. I don't think anybody really knows -- as the economies and the cities start reopening, who knows what consumer behavior is going to look like? So far, what we're seeing is it looks a whole lot like it did before the pandemic. But I'm sure consumers are going to adjust parts of their behavior, and we'll have to adapt accordingly to that. 
But on the commercial side of the business, the only thing that's still holding us back is we're not doing a lot of face-to-face sales calls yet. We'll be doing that probably before long, but we're not out there being able to tell our story like we were before.

Man, you're baiting me, Michael.

And I completely understand, okay? We have a long history of not talking about what's going on intra-quarter because we release earnings within 2.5 weeks of our quarter end. So I just don't want to be given 2.5-week information and people trying to extrapolate that. I wouldn't make the interpretation that our business has gone way down since that point in time, but that's really all I want to say.

Yes. Let me just add on to that, too. I mean one of the bigger changes that we saw as our business started growing significantly, almost 2 years ago now, one of the biggest KPIs that improved for us was mature customer growth in mature programs, which says to us that we're becoming more and more important to our most important customers.

Yes. Terrific question. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the middle part of the country, Simeon, whether it was urban, suburban or rural, all had the same roller coaster. Maybe not -- didn't go down quite as far but certainly went down significantly. They just rebounded faster, and they've increased more during this period of time. 
As far as the product categories, yes, there's been a lot of changes, some really interesting trends in the product categories. For instance, right now, we're seeing more work in paint and body than we've seen in a long time. And it's across the board. It's Bondo. It's sandpaper. It's paint. People just have time on their hands, and they're doing some of those projects that they haven't done before. Excellent question about does that mean we're pulling some businesses forward or that we're going to have a headwind or a tailwind because of gross margin. I don't think any of that is true. I think we're probably pulling some work that was never going to happen before, and it's happening now.

Yes. You want to take the latter part of that?

On the first part of your question, Simeon, on miles driven, we were very intentional in our prepared remarks to talk about miles driven. I think AutoZone was actually the one that came out with that notion 25 years ago or so that there was an important factor underlying the trajectory of the industry. And we've held to that and believe that. However, and we learned during the Great Recession, that during certain periods of time, it is not correlated very well at all with the industry's same-store sales. We saw that in '09, '10 and '11, that there are just other factors. And our thought is when people are -- have a high degree of unemployment, people aren't buying new cars and the like, that miles driven aren't as important as they were.

Yes. Terrific questions. Many of which we're thinking through and we certainly don't have definitive conclusions at this point in time. I think on the shift between DIY and DIFM, there's been a long pattern of both sectors of the industry growing pretty well. DIY has been -- or DIFM has been growing slightly faster than DIY, but DIY has continued to grow almost every single year. A lot of people are starting to talk about work from home. I think that they're also not thinking about who our customer is, for the most -- in particular, on the DIY side of the business. Our customer is generally a financially fragile customer. They're not going to have the opportunity to work from home. They're working blue-collar jobs in a lot of cases. And so their shift in work, even during the crisis, wasn't to go work at home. They had to be out doing their jobs. 
As we've seen, we rolled out curbside pickup, which was really great. Our team did it in a remarkably short period of time. And we've seen all of our digital sales grow through both Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, which includes curbside. We've seen our next-day delivery grow, and we've seen our short -- ship to home growth. The biggest growth that we've seen is in our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store. And as I've been out in stores, I've yet to see a customer do a curbside order. And as I talked to AutoZoners, I asked them, are you getting a lot of curbside orders? And they say no. Once the customers realize that we're open, in fact, they'll come to the door and say, "Can we come inside?" They want to come in and interact with our most important asset, which is our AutoZoners. So as people start returning to this new normal, it seems like their behaviors are pretty consistent with the way they were in the past. Now our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store is basically double what it was pre-crisis right now, but that's still a very, very small percentage of our business.

Yes. We absolutely saw commercial customers close on a temporary basis, probably as indicated by we had 0 purchases from them for weeks, call it, 5% to 10% of our commercial customers. It's very interesting as the stimulus money came in, as the commercial business began to pick up. One of the interesting things we've seen is we were worried about our commercial receivables. What we're seeing that our commercial customers are, in fact, catching up on the receivables that they got behind on in the crisis. So I don't see any big wave of commercial customers that are closing. I'm sure that there are, on the margin, certain commercial customers that were nearing retirement or were teetering on the edge of not being solvent and they're going to go away. But I don't think that, that business is going to go away. The customer might -- that particular shop might go away. But then the work is just going to move to another shop. So I don't see any significant shifts yet at this point in time.

Sure. For a long time, we've been working on making sure that we have diversity in particular categories, vendor diversity. And as -- I actually began thinking about this long before the crisis hit, but the crisis made it even more acute at this point in time. But as you think about what's happened with China, with the tariffs over the last year or so, it significantly increased our cost structure at a moment's notice. And we're having all of certain categories. Even if we had 2 or 3 or 4 vendors, all of those vendors were in China, take rotors and steel products, for example. All of those are coming out of China. When that happens and you get slapped with a 10% or 25% tariff, your cost went up 10% or 25% overnight. So we need to be thinking, as we always have, about vendor diversity. We also need to think about country diversity. And this situation, COVID-19, only made that much more important.

Thank you.

Yes. That's a fantastic question. I can't do it with data. I can tell you when your business changes 50% in 2 days that there's a pretty strong correlation that consumer behavior changes take more time than that.

Absolutely not. I think, if anything, we're moving up that list. There are certain players in the commercial side of the industry that don't have the financial strength that we have. We've been there throughout the entire crisis, taking care of our customers and getting better and better every day. So I think, if anything, we moved up that list in the crisis. And I don't hear a lot of people talking about their commercial business being positive, like we said, ours was for the last 2 weeks of the quarter.

I think it would definitely be on private label side more so than branded parts, for sure, which is what we've been doing with the China products anyway. Certainly, Bret, it would take a considerable amount of time, but it's one of those things if you don't ever start it, then you'll never get there. We've already begun some of that work. In fact, right before the crisis, I can remember having a conversation about some of our folks going to Turkey, and we're like, are we comfortable with them going to Turkey? But those kind of markets, Vietnam, South Korea, we've been working those markets for some time. India -- Mexico is bigger than anybody outside of China. So we're going to continue to cultivate those relationships and learn those new suppliers over time.

Ain't that the age-old question? I mean I think it's been 34,000 to 36,000 auto parts outlets for 20 years or so. I just -- I don't have a good insight into that, Bret. I wish I did. But obviously, hard times are going to put more pressure on folks than good times are. So I would expect a higher percentage than we've seen over the last 5 years. But does it go up 10% or does it go up 25%? I don't know.

Yes. I think the other part of that, too, is when we think about our business, we're going to pull out those COVID-related expenses. So if you pull them out, that also changes the leverage metric a little bit.

Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to pivot and encourage us all to take all the precautions we can take to keep everyone safe and healthy. Yes, we're taking precautions that inconvenience us. But during these times, our personal actions matter. And as we celebrated Memorial Day yesterday, we should remember all the heroes of yesteryear. But also remember today's heroes, they all matter. May God Bless America during this challenging time. Thank you for being with us today.