Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2020 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax; and Jamere Jackson, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer-elect. Jamere, who joined us just last week, will be observing only today, but we are so glad to have him here and part of our great team.
Regarding the fourth quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with our slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly earnings conference calls to see them.
Since our last earnings release in late May, much of the world's attention has been on COVID-19, its current and short-term implications and trying to evaluate the long-term ramifications of this pandemic.
During Q3's conference call, we shared the incredible volatility we experienced during the third quarter, with 3 very distinct performance periods: Pre COVID, where our same-store sales were up about 6% or so, then the midst of the stay-at-home orders where our comps were down over 20%, and then the last 4 weeks, where our performance was in the low-teens following the stimulus checks and at the beginning of the enhanced unemployment benefits.
We shared last quarter that our retail sales increased an incredible 50, 5-0 percent 1 week from a Monday to a Wednesday. This quarter's sales story was very different. It was quite consistent and consistently very, very strong. While last quarter was the most remarkable quarter I've ever experienced, this quarter marked another milestone. AutoZone enjoyed its largest quarterly same-store sales performance since going public in 1991. 22%. 22% same-store sales growth, and that introduced new unfamiliar challenges.
With the significant increase in customer traffic in our retail and commercial sales, we had to intensely focus on ensuring the safety of our customers and AutoZoners and that took a tremendous amount of creativity on the part of our team.
Our supply chain, specifically our distribution centers, our vendor partners and their operations were and continue to be under immense pressure to keep up with the surge in demand we have experienced over the last 5 months.
Our in-stock positions today aren't up to our usual high standards, and we are working diligently to get recovered, but our supply chain wasn't built for 25% excess capacity.
I've mentioned often that our sales are pretty predictable, staying in a very tight band. Well, that couldn't be further from the truth since stimulus money began to flow. That said, our sales in both retail and commercial were high, but very consistent from the beginning of our quarter in early May through July.
We were anxious to see what happened to our sales performance in August after the enhanced unemployment benefits subsided. We are very happy to report that our domestic same-store sales in August, while down some from May through July, were still up a remarkable a 16.5%. During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are, but all of our regions performed well.
I'm sure many of you would like to know how we're thinking about sales for both the first quarter and fiscal '21. It remains very difficult for us to predict. Based on our performance post enhanced unemployment, we feel our sales will remain elevated for some time. And typically, in recessionary environments, we perform well, but nothing, nothing about this global pandemic is typical.
There are simply too many remaining unknowns. Will the Federal Government's $300 enhanced unemployment benefit be sufficient? How long will it last? Will there be an effective vaccine? And if so, when? What consumer behaviors have changed temporarily? Which ones have changed permanently? And many, many more questions.
Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional experience.
As for the long term, to date, we don't see anything that substantially changes our bullish view on our industry, but we must continue to monitor consumer shifts and behavior. And if the economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we continue to believe our customers will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles, and it will benefit our business. Retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions.
Last quarter, I reminded folks, the strongest periods we've experienced of outsized sales growth over the last 3 decades have been the early '90s; '01-'02; '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary periods. This is why we remain optimistic on the industry this upcoming year. Interestingly, after each of those outsized sales growth periods, they have never been followed by equivalent declines in the years to follow. We believe consumer behaviors change during these recessionary periods, allowing us to showcase our skills and capabilities to new customers, and we retain many of those customers in the years that follow.
We always begin these calls by thanking our AutoZoners. What our team continues to do has really been exceptional. I applaud our entire organization, each and every AutoZoner across the enterprise from Hawaii to São Paulo, from ALLDATA to our DataZone facility in Mexico. Every AutoZoner has had to learn new ways to work, new ways to meet and exceed the wants, needs and desires of our customers, and everyone has met, embraced and delivered on that challenge. I couldn't be more proud of the phenomenal team I have the honor of working alongside.
I especially want to call out, and on behalf of every AutoZoner, recognize our store and distribution center AutoZoners. These extraordinary people have been thrown many, many curveballs in the last 6 months, and they have met every challenge with tremendous ingenuity, courage, innovation and passion. Most importantly, they continue to deliver an exceptional service experience for our customers. Thank you, AutoZoners. You embody everything it means to be an AutoZoner, and you deliver on our cultural and service promises every single day.
Now let's move into our performance for the quarter. Same-store sales were up 21.8% versus last year's fourth quarter. Our net income was $740 million, and our EPS was $30.93 a share, 36.9% above last year. Excluding the extra week in last year's fourth quarter, our EPS was up an amazing 47.6%.
Regarding our sales performance. While the consistency from week to week was predictable, the volume of business was the outlier this quarter. Our sales were much higher than we could have forecasted at the beginning of the fiscal year, and they sustained higher levels than we would have predicted on our last call in May.
While our retail business was stronger than our commercial business, both businesses had week-to-week consistent sales performance. Our DIY same-store sales were up approximately 24%. Our share growth in retail over the last 4 months, on the detailed information we have available for our broadest set of competitors, shows that we have been gaining much, much more share than at any time before in both units and dollars.
Our commercial business total sales were up approximately 17% on a 16-week basis. In commercial, we averaged over $60 million in weekly sales, which was over $12,200 in sales per program per week. Both new records for us.
Candidly, we are most proud to highlight that we continue to live up to our stated values when it came to taking care of our AutoZoners. During our third quarter, we announced that all eligible hourly, full and part-time AutoZoners across the U.S. would receive emergency time-off benefits, and it would be available immediately.
Remember back to that time, at that time, we didn't wait to see what others were doing or wait on any mandates by government. We felt it was imperative to act swiftly in support of our AutoZoners on the front lines. We provided them with 2 additional weeks of time off, including, for the first time in our history, providing eligible part-timers with paid time off up to 40 hours. This additional time off can be used as the AutoZoner desires. And if they don't use it between now and the calendar year-end, we will pay them for those hours in January. We did this to provide our AutoZoners with choices. Some were in the more vulnerable populations and weren't comfortable coming to work, others had childcare issues, others were simply anxious, while the vast majority were comfortable continuing to come to work and providing great service to our customers in their time of need.
This decision, which was made in a couple of days, was aligned with our values. In the fourth quarter, we extended these emergency time-off benefits to our store managers and distribution center advisers, each of whom have been on the front line, supporting and leading their teams through this extraordinary season.
We were honored to be able to make these investments in our AutoZoners in recognition of what they have done and continue to do for our customers and our organization.
Overall, this quarter sales were a record for us, but it is simply impossible and would be irresponsible to extrapolate these results going forward. With so many variables heading into the fall, we continue to manage the business literally from week to week, and our field organization continues to do an outstanding job managing the business.
As we said on last quarter's call, we expect that our sales growth will moderate over time. But we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during these more difficult economic times.
One thing that we are sure about, our team has shown their resiliency and they remain nimble. They're ready to react quickly to every single change. We remain focused on providing our team with the resources and support they need to live up to our pledge, and our AutoZoners have definitely and continue to put our customers first.
While geographic differences weren't a significant story this quarter, there continue to be interesting trends across our merchandise categories, specifically in the retail business. We continue to see some surprisingly strong categories that I will call project categories. These are categories for hobbyists or people who want to upgrade something. We believe that with people having more time on their hands and many having more discretionary money due to the enhanced unemployment benefits, often making more than they were making before or a lack of spending on entertainment-type categories, customers are working on their "project car" or doing that enhancement job they've been constantly putting off.
At the same time, we noted that certain product lines grew at a slower rate compared to the chain average. Merchandise categories like brakes, rotors or even motor oil, while up from pre-COVID levels aren't growing at the same rate as the overall store. We believe these categories may be impacted by the decrease in miles driven, and in the brake categories, specifically the lack of severe winter weather last year.
Now let's turn our focus to the balance of the P&L. For the quarter, our gross margin was down 33 basis points. Included in our cost of goods this quarter was a shift of mix and 9 basis points of headwind due to civil unrest expenses. In addition, we've also identified select categories that are more commodity based, which are less dependent upon service that we've lowered prices in order to be more effectively compete with our nontraditional competitors to increase volumes.
On operating expenses, our team, particularly our store operations and commercial teams, continue to manage our expenses during these times well. As our sales accelerated drastically in a very short period of time, we didn't have the available labor to achieve our desired staffing levels until later in the quarter. So we wish we could have spent more on labor to provide an even better customer experience.
While expenses were up 9.2% versus last year's Q4, excluding the extra week, due to our very strong sales results, we were able to leverage operating expenses 315 basis points. Included in this quarter's expenses were approximately $11 million related to emergency time-off and other COVID-related expenses.
While the last 2 quarters expenses related to COVID have been significant as we visit stores and distribution centers and talk to our team, this decision strengthened our already unique and powerful culture, and showed that this organization walks the talk. We believe there will be long-lasting benefits from this decision.
Regarding our balance sheet. Our debt was up a bit, and our cash and cash equivalents were up dramatically. We now have over $1.7 billion in cash on the balance sheet, of which $1.6 billion is excess cash. Increasing our debt levels, adding a new 364-day line of credit and increasing excess cash were purposeful as we wanted to maximize our liquidity position due to the significant uncertainty.
We also felt we managed our inventory well as our inventory per store growth increased 1.3% versus Q4 last year. We feel our strong liquidity position heading into the fall months allows us immense flexibility when it comes to thoughtfully reinstituting our share repurchase program.
As I mentioned previously, we temporarily paused our stock buyback program in March. It was certainly the right decision at the time as there was too much uncertainty in the business and in the world. Our share repurchase program has been a very important part of our capital allocation strategy, and it will continue to be so. We expect to gradually restart our buyback program during the first quarter. We intend to utilize our ongoing free cash flow to buy back stock, and based on our view of the future, begin methodically utilizing some of the excess cash we currently have on our balance sheet.
As we did in March, if we have concerns about the near term, we can and will temporarily suspend repurchases again, which is one of the significant benefits of a share repurchase program versus a dividend approach of returning capital to shareholders. We expect to maintain an elevated level of cash and cash equivalents throughout most of this new fiscal year.
In regard to our CapEx spend during the quarter, we spent less this year than last year. We paused our development on many stores during the depths of the stay-at-home orders, which slowed our ability to complete construction and open new stores. As a result, we finished this year with 113 new U.S. stores versus 154 last year, and we opened only 25 stores across all of Mexico and Brazil for the year. For 2021, we would expect to get back to our usual cadence of approximately 150 domestic new stores and roughly 50 international stores.
I'll spend a moment on our integrated retail efforts. As COVID's effect on consumers' ability to get out and shop grew, we ramped up our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting customers when, where and how they wanted to shop. This past quarter, we continued to see very strong growth in our online shopping channels, Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, next-day delivery and ship to home. In particular, our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store offering grew rapidly at 4x the growth rate of the ship-to-home options. I do want to remind listeners that our online sales still represent a very, very small percentage of the DIY business, substantially below 5%.
While online purchasing is a smaller business for us, the traffic to the website is a tremendous marketing tool for our in-store business. We remain committed to improving the shopping experience online in order to help customers identify what they need and allow them a quicker in-and-out experience once they come to our stores for pickup.
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to again thank our AutoZoners for their extraordinary efforts during these unprecedented times. I cannot thank you enough. And I'm confident that I speak on behalf of our shareholders, too, and say thank you. AutoZoners, you truly delivered on AutoZone's promise to provide exceptional customer service.
Now I'll turn it over to Bill Giles. Bill?

Thank you, Bill. These continue to be unique and unprecedented times. And they have required us to look at many things differently to manage our business day to day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner.
While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We don't know what lies ahead of us for this new fiscal year, but we feel we are much more prepared today for uncertainty than we were at the start of this pandemic.
We'll be ready for a wide variety of economic environments. And we have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families, drive to a close vacation spot or get back into the school year.
I wish we could provide you with more clarity on our expectations on business trends for our upcoming first quarter in the new fiscal year. But as I stated before, that isn't practical for us with all the unknowns. But I want to be crystal clear. We plan conservatively in order to manage our cost structure appropriately.
While our domestic retail business was a tremendous surprise for us this past quarter, we understand trends will ultimately slow. While we appreciate these things, we feel we are well positioned for continued future share gain opportunities in both the domestic retail and commercial segments.
We had an outstanding quarter, but we have work to do as we start a new fiscal year. Frankly, our focus isn't on what happens this new quarter. It's are we keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe today while providing our customers with their automotive needs and, more importantly, what can we do during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. What really matters is how are we doing a year or 2 from now. And I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, bullish on our company.
Before we proceed to questions, we made some exciting organization announcements a few weeks ago. We announced that Bill Giles and Bill Hackney, 2 tremendous long-term talented leaders, plan to retire at the end of the calendar year. It is impossible to state the tremendous impact each of them have had on our business, our culture and our teams. They will be sorely missed. But in their typical fashion, they always put the company's interest ahead of their own. And they have been sharing with us for a long time that this day would inevitably come. As such, their teams are prepared, and we simultaneously announced the addition of 2 new fabulous leaders to our team.
Our new EVP, CFO, Jamere Jackson, is with us today. And Seong Ohm will be joining us soon as our new Senior Vice President of Merchandising. We are so excited to add these 2 seasoned, highly accomplished leaders to our team. It will be terrific to inject their ideas, thoughts and perspectives into our future strategies and tactics. We welcome Jamere and Seong, and we look forward to celebrating the enormous contributions of Bill and Bill.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. I think that is one of those other questions that are really hard to say right now, Michael. And I'll go back to -- on our last call, if you would have told me that our sales would continue for 4 months -- additional 4 months at those elevated levels, I wouldn't have thought that to be true. But they did. And the biggest news to me was the fact that August still had 16.5% same-store sales growth post economic stimulus and enhanced unemployment benefits.
What happens with miles driven will be an element of it. But a lot of the miles that are being driven, they're not all the same. Our customer, our core customer, their habits haven't changed. They're still going to work every day. When you think about the miles driven that have declined, it's generally higher socioeconomic groups that are working from home.
Our core customers, they haven't worked at home, just like our store AutoZoners and DC AutoZoners. They haven't worked at home a day. So I don't think all miles driven are the same.
What happens in the next 12 months? Frankly, it's very, very difficult for us to predict. The piece that I hang on to and we hang on to is generally when economic times are tough, people prioritize their vehicle at a different level because they're not going to get a new vehicle in any short-term period. And therefore, they change their maintenance and upgrade their vehicles.
So as I said earlier, the last -- over the last 3 decades, the best periods of performance for us have all been coming out of recessionary environments. Will this recessionary environment be the same as those other periods? I don't know. But that's the best analogy that we have at this point.

Okay. So you know this, our long history is, we report earnings so quickly after the end of our quarter. Usually, 3 quarters of the year within 2.5 weeks. At the end of the year, because of year-end, we go 3.5 weeks. I just don't want to talk about trends in September because I just don't want people focusing that much attention on such a short period of time. That's why we were so crystal clear about what happened in August, that we did see a 16.5% comp in August. So I want to leave it at that, Simeon. I understand your desire to hear more, but I don't want us extrapolating 2 or 3 weeks.

All right. Let me answer your first follow-up question on the CARES Act, and then Bill take the gross margin one. As far as the CARES Act, if there was a CARES, I think it's now 4, and we provided additional enhanced unemployment benefits. I think you see more of the benefit on the DIY side of the business because that's where the most financially fragile customers are.
If you look back to what happens every year when tax refunds come out, and it's the DIY business -- they both pick up, but the DIY business picks up even more. So I think it would be beneficial on both sides, more beneficial on the DIY side. Bill?

Yes, some terrific questions in there. As far as the last question of, did we pull projects forward? I think the project work is kind of, I call it, the never-doing-now category. These are projects that people thought that they would do some time, but they never had the time to do them. And therefore, when they had the time and they had some incremental disposable income, they tackled those jobs.
I do -- our battery business, as Bill said, has been very, very strong. A lot of the reasons we believe it's been strong is because a lot of people park their vehicle for some extended period of time. Once they restarted it, the battery had been discharged some. So are those some failures that might have happened this coming winter when it got cold? That's the only piece that I wonder if that might have a bit of a pull forward. But we'll see when we get into next year.
What was the first part of your question?

Yes, that -- DIY started, I mentioned it went up 50% in 2 days back in April. And so it ramped really quickly. The commercial business lagged it, but it continued to build very methodically over the course of the quarter. As we got into August, both businesses took a little bit of a step down when that enhanced unemployment benefit went away.

Okay. So the hurricane, this was not a massive hurricane, except for the people that were directly impacted. So it was a pretty small area that was hit. Our sales were softer in that last week. Not disproportionately softer, but they were softer. We did lose a store in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Fortunately, we know of no AutoZoners that were significantly impacted as a result of that hurricane or the one that happened 1.5 weeks ago.
As far as commercial moderating, they both moderated in the August period of time. That's what we saw. They just stepped down a little bit, but we were, frankly, tickled to death with 16.5% comps in August.

Back in the spring, there was a clear delineation between the hardest hit areas and the rest of the country. This summer, there was very little differentiation and certainly little differentiation that you could attribute to COVID. You would see some weather patterns as we always do. But I would say that the COVID impact in the summertime was unremarkable.

I'm sorry?

It has rebounded back to being more normal with the rest of the markets.

Thank you. Appreciate it, Chris.

Well, I think one of the things that happened in the pandemic is everybody that run -- was operating a business, started running down case scenarios, us included. I talked about it on the last call that we were asking ourselves questions that I never thought we would ask ourselves, questions like liquidity.
But in the midst of the depths of the pandemic, we did 2 things: one, we invested in our AutoZoners. Other people were saying, how do I cut my costs like crazy. We said, how do we stand in the gap for the most important thing we have, which is our AutoZoners. We provided them with that emergency time-off benefit.
The other thing that we did was we didn't lay off or furlough one single person, not one as a result of the pandemic. And we kept our operations as normal as possible. Yes, we cut back our store hours of operation, but that was about it. Other people, particularly the less-sophisticated, less well-capitalized people, many of which were on the commercial side of the business, they reacted very swiftly and very strongly. And they let people go, they cut back their service level.
And so it provided us an opportunity to overserve our customers during that period of time, certainly from a competitive point of view. I think that, that has a long-standing impact. Whether or not we can grow commercial 10% into the foreseeable future. That's anybody's guess. What I know is we're winning in the marketplace.
If you look at our growth over most of the periods over the last 10 years, our growth versus the competitive landscape has been significantly better, 2 or 3x many times what the industry growth rate is. And we feel really good about where we are.

Can I jump in on that as well? And I just want to remind everybody to go back to the '08, '09 period of time. And when miles driven dipped during that period of time, the correlation between miles driven and our sales performance was -- and the industry sales performance was broken. And we attribute that to the fact that there were a lot of people -- our trends were more aligned with what was going on with employment. And so in these tough economic times, I think the correlation between miles driven breaks. It comes back together in more normal times, but it definitely is not a good contributor in short-term recessionary environments.

Well, that's a terrific question. I've been in this industry for over 25 years. And I've seen the consolidation happen, and AutoZone was a significant participant of it in the late '90s all the way through 2008 or so.
On the commercial side, this consolidation is much more challenging. On the retail side of the business, everybody was looking for geographic expansion, and we could all take reasonably the same-size boxes and over time, turn them into our standard prototypes.
On the wholesale side, it's not as easy. We don't need the wholesalers' inventory. We don't need their distribution. We don't need their locations. We need their customers. And is there more efficient ways for us to get their customers by winning in the marketplace is what we've learned over time, we did step our toe into the water with our acquisition of IMC, and that didn't work out very well for us.
We believe our strategy and approach to approaching the market will win over time. If you look at what we've done in some of our close end competitors, we've all substantially changed our inventory assortments over the last 5 to 10 years. We've all built really strong sales forces. And we're continuing to chip away at some of the competitive differentiation that was in the marketplace.
I think that that's what's happening with share over time. These companies, many of the independents, they're not working for a return on the capital, though, they're working for their salaries. And so what happens to them over time, I think they have the longer staying power than other enterprises would. So I think it will take time, but I do think that there's a lot of pressure on independent operators in this commercial side of the business today, and that's not going to let up.

Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is very strong, and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We will continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize shareholder value in FY 2021.
Thank you for your time, and thank you for your interest in our great company. Stay safe and be well.