Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2022 Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the third quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly earnings conference calls to see them. 
As we begin, we want to continue to stress that our highest priority remains the safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners, Everyone, everyone across the organization continues to take this responsibility seriously and I'm very proud of how our team continues to respond to COVID-19 and subsequent variants. While mask mandates have abated, we continue to make sure the environment our AutoZoners are working in and our customers are shopping in are as safe as possible for these times. 
Since the start of the pandemic, we have consistently recognized our AutoZoners in our stores and distribution centers, especially for giving exceptional service in the face of all the challenges COVID-19 has meant for all of us. This quarter, we will start the same by, again, thanking our AutoZoners for their dedication to providing exceptional customer service, while helping our customers with their automotive needs. 
This morning, we will review our overall same-store sales, DIY versus DIFM trends, our sales cadence over the 12 weeks of the quarter, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. We will also share how inflation is affecting our costs and retails, and how we think they will impact our business for the remainder of the fiscal year. Our domestic same-store sales were a solid 2.6% this quarter, on top of last year's very strong 28.9%. 
On both a 2-year and 3-year stack comp sales basis, our trends accelerated. Our team, once again, executed at an exceptionally high level and delivered amazing results despite the difficult comparisons. Our growth rates for retail and commercial were both strong, with domestic commercial growth north of 26%. 
Commercial set a third quarter record with $1.044 billion in sales, an incredible accomplishment. We generated $216 million more in sales this quarter than in Q3 of just last year. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, our commercial sales are just under $4 billion versus $3.1 billion a year ago, up 27%. We also set a record in average weekly sales per store for any quarter at $16,600 versus $13,500 last year. 
On a 2-year basis, our sales accelerated from last quarter. Domestic commercial sales represented 30% of our domestic auto part sales, another record for us compared to just 24.8% last year. Our commercial sales growth continues to be driven by a host of key initiatives. We've been working on for the last several years, improved satellite store availability, massive improvements in Hub and Mega-Hub coverage, the strength of the Duralast brand, better technology to make us easier to do business with, improve delivery times, enhancing our sales force effectiveness and living consistent with our pledge by being "priced right" for the value proposition we deliver. We continue to execute very well in commercial, and we are extremely proud of our team and their performance. 
We're also very proud of our organization's performance in domestic DIY. As a reminder, it was last year's Q3 that had the massive stimulus payments that were distributed to consumers in the U.S. We ran a negative 4.5% comp this quarter on top of last year's record positive comps of 24.8%. While our DIY 2-year comp decelerated slightly from Q2's 2-year DIY comp, perhaps the more relevant comp is the DIY 3-year comp, which did accelerate. We were very proud of our DIY results considering we had such a tough comparison to last year. From the data we have available to us, we continue to not only retain the enormous share gains in dollars and units we built during the initial stages of the pandemic, but modestly build on those gains. 
Our performance, considering the amount of time from the last stimulus and the ending of the enhanced unemployment benefits, has substantially exceeded our expectations and gives us continued conviction about the sustainability of the massive elevated sales levels we have experienced since the beginning of the pandemic. 
Now let's focus on the sales cadence. Our quarter spans at 12-week period. Our same-store sales increased materially over the first 4 weeks, up 11.8%. Then they were down over the middle of 4 weeks by 5.2%. But remember, we were comping against the stimulus payments made during this time last year. And our same-store sales then accelerated over the last 4 weeks, up 3%. All of these year-over-year comparisons are really difficult to interpret as so much is going on last year and even the year before. 
For Q3, our 2-year comp was 31.5%, and the 4-week periods for the quarter increased 23.4%, 65.4% and 17%, respectively. But our 3-year comp was 30.5%, and the 4-week periods for the quarter increased 29.7%, 44.7% and 29.8%, respectively. What I want to stress is that our 2-year and 3-year comp accelerated for the quarter from Q2's 2- and 3-year comparison. We are encouraged by the sustainability of these enormous sales gains. 
Regarding weather, in February and March, we experienced normal weather trends across the country. April, however, was a little cooler and a little wetter than normal. Overall, we feel weather did not play a material role in our sales performance. As we look forward to the summer months, we anticipate normal weather patterns. As a reminder, historically, extreme weather, hot or cold, drives parts failure and accelerated maintenance. Regarding the quarter's traffic versus ticket growth in retail, our traffic was down roughly 8.5%, while our ticket was up 4%. Our transaction count decline was correlated to last year's Q3 meaningful 16% traffic count increase. 
While we had expected a decline in transactions this quarter, we were pleased to exceed our beginning of the quarter assumptions on transaction count declines. We're also quite pleased with the ongoing growth in unit share we are seeing in our market share data. We're very encouraged by the sales trends we continue to experience in commercial. Most of the sales growth is coming from transaction growth from new and existing customers. 
I've visited our stores and commercial customers extensively this quarter and find it very encouraging to hear the positive comments from our customers and AutoZoners on our comprehensive offerings. The tone of our sales calls has changed meaningfully over the last few years as we continue to implement and execute our commercial acceleration strategy. 
As we start our final quarter of the fiscal year, we continue to be pleased with the momentum we are seeing in both domestic businesses heading into the summer months. 
During the quarter, there were some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are. This quarter, we saw a 54 basis points difference between the Northeast and Midwest compared to the balance of the country, with the Northeast and Midwest performing lower. As the Northeast and Midwest were cooler in weather in April, their sales were below last year's results. We do not believe there will be lasting effects on sales performance in the Northeast and Midwest due to the slightly cooler April weather. Heading into the fourth quarter, we continue to believe weather will have a minimal effect on summer sales. 
Now let's move into more specifics on our performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 2.6% versus last year's third quarter. Our net income was $593 million, and our EPS was $29.3 a share, increasing 9.6%. Regarding our merchandise categories in the retail business, our hard parts outperformed our sales floor categories, but there was less than a 1% difference between them. As gas prices jumped recently, our sales results in certain hard part categories performed below our plan. This is unlike the sales floor categories, which were on plan. We've been especially pleased with our growth rates in many of our categories like batteries that have successfully left very strong performance last year, and easily exceeded our planned assumptions for the quarter. We believe our hard parts business will strengthen as our customers return to driving more. 
Let me also address inflation and pricing. This quarter, we saw our sales increase by 7.8% from inflation, in line with the cost of goods inflation, which was up similarly at 7.2% on a like-for-like basis. We believe both numbers for the fourth quarter could be slightly higher than this past quarter's increases. As rising raw material pricing, labor and transportation costs are all impacting us and our suppliers, inflation has been prevalent in the aftermarket space. We have no way to say how long this will last, but our industry has been disciplined about pricing for decades, and we expect that to continue. It is also notable that following periods of higher inflation, our industry has historically not reduced pricing to reflect lower ultimate cost. 
While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, it remains difficult for us to forecast near to midterm sales. What I have previously said is that the past 5 quarter sales have all been consistent on both a 2-year stacked comp basis and a 3-year stacked comp basis. While it's difficult to predict absolute sales levels going forward, we are excited about our growth initiatives, our team's exceptional execution and the tremendous share gains we have achieved in both sectors. Currently, the macro environment, while uncertain, remains favorable for our industry. And even if these near-term trends fade, we believe that we are in an industry that is positioned for solid growth over the long term. 
For our fourth quarter, we expect our sales performance to be led by the continued strength in our commercial business as we continue executing on our differentiating initiatives. We will, as always, be transparent about what we are seeing, and provide color on our markets and outlook as trends emerge. 
Before handing the call over to Jamere, I'd like to make sure the listeners know what our key business priorities are for the remainder of the fiscal year and give some color on those. 
First, we are focusing on our supply chain. We have 2 initiatives in place to drive improved availability. One is our expanded Hub and Mega-Hub rollouts. We believe intelligently placing more inventory in local markets will lead to our ability to continue to say yes to our customers more frequently, and, in turn, continue to drive our sales performance. 
Secondly, we are expanding our distribution center footprint. We announced opening 2 new domestic DCs and 1 additional DC in Mexico. These DCs will allow us to not only reduce drive times to stores and market service by the new DCs, but they, being larger than the previous DCs, will allow us to carry inventory that is slower turning yet in demand across the country. We previously relied on our vendor community to carry these SKUs and shipped them once ordered by our stores. Our DC strategy is focused on carrying more product in our supply chain that was not available previously. These SKUs will smartly expand our stocked inventory across all 50 states. 
And lastly, we plan on continuing to grow our Mexico business, while accelerating growth in Brazil, and we are leveraging many of the learnings we have in the U.S. to refine our offerings in Mexico and Brazil. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere. We had very solid results so far in fiscal '22, and we remain focused on superior execution and customer service. Our culture was built on providing exceptional service, and this is what we'll continue to define our success well into the future. And looking to the future, it is still very difficult to predict the next 6 to 12 months. But our perspective has meaningfully morphed over the last 2 quarters. On last quarter's call, we discussed how most, if not all, of the growth in sales we experienced since the start of the pandemic was sustainable. We believed our competitive positioning was materially improved, as indicated by our significant retail share gains and rapidly accelerated commercial sales growth. We believe customer behavior may have permanently changed. We continue to believe all of this today. If this holds true, it will be the fourth time, the fourth time in the last 30 years that the economy and society have been through significant shocks, leading to material acceleration in our growth in sales and profits without a corresponding decline back to prerecessionary or pre-pandemic levels. 
Our industry is unique, and it has a very long track record of strong performance with high return and cash flow characteristics. As we have now lapped the second anniversary of the pandemic, some of the measurements we have all used recently to measure our performance will become skewed. Remember, at the beginning of the pandemic, our sales dropped radically. Our retail sales rebounded quickly with the April 2020 stimulus, but commercials rebound lagged and took several months. 
For Q4, in light of the amazing performance in the back half of 2020, the 2-year comparison for overall comps won't be comparable. We would encourage you to migrate to studying 3-year comps to gauge our fourth quarter performance. 
That said, soon, we look forward to returning to focusing solely on 1 year comparisons. We continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on our own opportunities for 2022. We believe the macro backdrop is in our favor for near and long term. Our customers across the Americas, they want to get out and drive, and we are here when they need helpful advice. Our team has worked diligently and collaboratively with our suppliers. And together, they've done a very good job dealing with the enormous supply chain challenges that exist for everyone. 
We continue to believe we are better in stock than most retailers, and I think our results obviously support that belief. I'd like to share a few other points with you. 
It has been a rather noisy earnings season for retailers, and I want to be clear, crystal clear about our business and the environment. First, I believe AutoZone can manage effectively through this inflationary environment. Historically, our industry has been disciplined and rational about passing along cost increases with higher retails and that is true today. Second, we feel our store staffing levels are appropriate, and we can, and we will manage expenses appropriately for either stronger or weaker sales environments. 
Our business and our industry has been remarkably resilient and, frankly, robust. For the remainder of fiscal '22, we are focused on further growing share, but as always, doing so on a very profitable basis. Last quarter, we announced we would begin construction on 3 new distribution centers to fuel continued growth, 2 in the U.S. and 1 in Mexico. Expected to open in fiscal '24, these new distribution centers represent a meaningful acceleration in our historic investments in DCs as during the pandemic, we've learned we need to have more excess capacity. 
Secondly, we are targeting to open 11 more new domestic Mega-Hubs in the U.S. in this quarter, Q4. These Mega-Hubs will enhance our availability and support growth in both our retail and commercial businesses. As we have mentioned many times before, our Mega-Hub strategy is at the core of materially improving our inventory availability, and our results show that they are working. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect to open more than 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable acceleration in our Brazil business. Our fourth quarter will be a busy one from a store development standpoint. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our industry and our own growth prospects. 
We are being disciplined, yet we are being aggressive. Lastly, I want to reiterate how proud I am of our AutoZoners across the stores and distribution centers, in particular, for their commitment to servicing our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now, and we very much welcome that challenge. 
I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on AutoZone. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Well, frankly, Bret, they're supporting smaller and smaller radius of geography today than they did before because we were getting so many of them. When we first built them, it was not uncommon for them to be supporting stores that were 2, 3, maybe even 400 miles away. A lot of times, that would be on an overnight basis. The real crux of it is, how do we get the stores that are in, call it, 30 or 40 miles away from the Mega-Hub, and how can we get them serviced 3 times a day. That's when we really performed well. But the biggest part of the Mega-Hub performance is the Mega-Hub itself. The 4 walls of the Mega-Hubs are just continuing. Every time we look at them, and every time we open some and open more, they continue to outperform our expectations. And one of the remarkable things is they're not cannibalizing close-in stores like we thought they would. 
So as we talked on the last call, remember when we first launched the Mega-Hubs, we said we would have 25 to 40. We're now in the 60s, and we're headed to 200. That just goes to show you the power of these Mega-Hubs.

Sure. Yes. We're hearing a lot of questions about what's going on with the low-end consumer, are people trading down? Our hard parts business, I don't want to overstate that. I mean, I think I said it was off about 1% during that. It is very difficult right now to get clarity on the comparisons. Let's remember -- some people are talking about weather. We're saying we don't think weather was a meaningful impact on our business. What was meaningful was, we went up against stimulus from March of last year that lasted for 4 to 6 weeks. That is really the story. And so it's hard to say the low-end consumer, sure their purchases are down versus last year, of course, they are. They had a massive amount of stimulus in their pocket. I think it will be interesting to see what happens over the fourth quarter. Are we watching what happens with the low-end consumer? Absolutely. 
But I also want to remind you the comment that I made at the end. If you think about the -- over the last 30 years, there's been 4 significant shocks to the economy. In all 4 of those shocks, our performance and our industry's performance has made a meaningful step up during those shocks, recessions and pandemics that our business has gone up, and it's never stepped back down.

Yes. Just for clarity, there's pressure in both gross margin and SG&A. The majority of the diesel is in the warehouse and distribution costs, which is in gross profit. And then our -- we have one of the largest light-duty fleets in our commercial and field management folks. And so there's a lot of pressure in SG&A as well.

Both of them, both the light-duty and the heavy-duty.

I'll say it crystal clear. No, we are not constraining our growth based upon the margin characteristics of the DIFM business. We set it for 1 million years. DIFM today operates at lower gross margins and lower operating margins. but it grows -- it operates in operating margins the way we look at it on generally an incremental basis in the mid-teens. We will grow that business as fast as humanly possible. 
If we could add another $4 billion in sales and the corresponding operating income that comes with that tomorrow, with the limited amount of incremental capital that we have to deploy, we would do it tomorrow. We were very focused on operating profit dollars. And as we look forward, I would just encourage you all to look at our business from a gross margin point of view, how are we doing in DIY? And how are we doing in commercial? And our goals will be to marginally increase those gross margins over time. If we do that and that puts -- and the commercial business grows at 26% and it puts pressure on the overall gross margin, so be it.

I don't know that I would say it can grow at a faster rate the industry itself. I clearly think that we can, and maybe some of our close-in competitors can grow faster in the commercial business because that is still so fragmented. But the bigger part of my point is this is the most remarkably resilient business I've ever seen. And I don't understand why, when we have a recession, our business goes up and we come out of it and our business never goes down. It seems to flat line and then grow from there. It's amazing to me.

Yes. I think all that makes perfect sense, Michael. I wish we had empirical evidence that could tell us that's exactly what's happened. I will tell you, if you asked me a year ago if we were going to retain the kind of sales gains that we had grown over the first 2 years of the pandemic, I would have said I doubt it. But there's also been other pressures that have happened. Clearly, the lack of new cars and the elevation of pricing, the radical elevation of pricing of used cars has our customers view on how long they're going to have that vehicle changing to much longer than it normally is. When that happens, they seem to take better care of their cars. 
I think we also didn't envision the inflation impact that we're seeing. And clearly, that's -- I talked about some traffic declines, some significant traffic declines, 8.5% in the retail business. That was up against 16% traffic growth last year. I'll take a 2-year comp of 7.5% traffic all day long, but inflation and the ability to pass that inflation on has helped us. That's another key element of this industry is the inelasticity of demand in this sector of retail is probably unparalleled. And so as this inflation has come through, it's helped us get through that period of time as well.

The short answer is absolutely no. The longer answer is, we made very marginal price investments on the retail business. We've far lapped those probably 6 months or so ago. They were very targeted to specific highly-visible, commodity-related items, and we're focused on our comparisons versus mass. That's in the past. 
About this time last year, in fact, we have now annualized it. We completed rolling out the pricing changes that we made in our commercial business. Again, I want to be crystal clear. The growth that we saw in commercial over the last couple of years is not a result of pricing investments alone. They are an element. There's many other elements, the Mega-Hubs and Hubs, the Duralast brand. We've rolled out -- we had the single largest technology investment in the company's history focused on commercial and commercial deliveries. Our delivery times are dropping. So we've done a lot of different things, and we lowered our pricings to make sure that we were focused on pricing versus a different competitive set. All that together has worked and has worked really, really well. 
At this point in time, we do not have any additional pricing actions being tested nor being considered. We believe -- we're very happy with our prices today in retail and commercial except that we need to pass inflation costs along as they come in. We will be very focused on trying to keep the same kinds of competitive positioning, but we need to pass on the inflation as it comes through us in costs.

It's a very fair question. The information we have was, it was, as I said, slightly cooler and slightly weather. The real question -- or the real discussion for this quarter was not weather, it was stimulus. And I don't know how you fared out a 0.5 point or 1 point change in weather dynamics when you're talking about 2-year comps of 30% that were driven by stimulus. So we are trying to focus on the major elements and make sure we communicate to you what we think are the real drivers, and frankly, the drivers that will help you understand our long-term trends. The weather was marginally different and I can't ferret it out in a 30% 2-year comp.

I think you had 2 elements that happened. You had 2 elements that happened to miles driven. We're still rebounding from the pandemic decrease of miles driven. Now you've got the gas prices implications. What we've seen historically in the past, Mike, is when gas prices hit $4 a gallon, you can see a direct correlation with those prices and a decline in miles driven. What we said historically as we've seen people when it gets to those elevated levels, they change their behavior. They change where they live, they change where they work. Obviously, with remote work and those kind of things, there could be different nuances this time. A lot of people are saying, yes, but $4 a gallon back then would be the equivalent to $5 whatever today, that may be true. I don't know if that's the case or not. This has happened in pretty short order. And I think we need to watch what happens to miles driven over time. 
As we think about it, it will be a short-term phenomenon, just like it has been in the past. Our focus isn't about next quarter or even the quarter after that. Our focus, as I said, is how do we think about driving this business to drive long-term cash flow at really high return rates and think out 3 to 5 years. Gas prices will come and go, and it doesn't really impact how we manage the business day to day.

Yes. It's a really great question. I mentioned it in the call, and I've been out in the field a whole lot in the last 3 months. And the tone of the conversations with our commercial customers, be that national accounts at the senior leader level or in our commercial shops, has just -- the tenor of the conversations have changed. It's a question of how can I give you more business versus the age-old things of, it was about availability, it was about the Duralast brand. 
The Duralast brand conversation has turned from a significant negative to a positive. And now, with our availability, it has meaningfully changed. So I'm not really hearing -- we always can get better on delivery times. And if anybody wants to tell you why they're not giving you business, that's a very easy one. Well, now we have actual data that says, you're right, we are delivering to you too slow. Your average deliveries are 31 minutes and 37 seconds, and we apologize for that. We're going to work to get that better. 
And so we've got new tools at our disposal. We've got much better inventory assortments. The Duralast brand is amazing. And so the tenor of those conversations is really radically different than they were just 3 or 4 years ago.

Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate. We believe our industry is in a strong position and our business model is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, but we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the remainder of FY '22, we are confident AutoZone can continue to be successful. 
Lastly, as we celebrate Memorial Day next Monday, we should remember all of our country's heroes, both past and present. We owe these Americans, a tremendous debt of gratitude. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.