Good morning and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2019 Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the third quarter, I hope you have had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release along with slides complementing our comments today is available on our website, www.autozoneinc.com. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them.
To begin this morning, I want to thank all AutoZoners across the organization for their commitment to our company's pledge, especially putting our customers first in everything that they do. Their passion for living our culture of surprising and delighting customers is our greatest strength. 
Overall, we were pleased with our performance for the third quarter. Our commercial sales again accelerated from the previous quarter, and we posted the highest sales increase in DIFM since the fourth quarter of 2012. 
Our DIY business also remains solid. The quarter began very soft as tax refunds were delayed and as late February saw milder weather with significant precipitation. Once tax refunds began in earnest in early March, our sales rebounded nicely and remained pretty consistent for the remainder of the quarter. 
Yes, heavy precipitation in certain weeks slowed trends in both DIY and commercial, but that's normal in the spring. Ultimately, we were pleased with our sales performance in both retail and commercial for Q3, ending the quarter with same-store sales growth of 3.9%.
Now let's focus on the 2 different customer bases we serve, DIY and DIFM. 
We previously mentioned that our DIY market share gains were strong in the first half of last fiscal year, and that growth materially subsided in the second half. This year, based upon the data available to us, our share gains are accelerating. While our retail business is far more mature than our commercial business, we were pleased with our performance in Q3 and remain optimistic about the fourth quarter and beyond. Our optimism comes from the inventory availability and staffing initiatives that we have in place. Our constant focus on enhancing the customer service experience is making a difference. 
As a reminder, last fall, we made meaningful wage adjustments to our most tenured hourly AutoZoners to ensure they were being compensated appropriately and consistent with market trends. We believe these adjustments have and will continue to help us attract and retain high-quality talent that is providing wow customer service. 
It's imperative to remember the high-touch nature of this business and the vital role our highly knowledgeable AutoZoners play to help our customers maintain and enhance their vehicles.
Regarding commercial, our sales growth eclipsed last quarter's double-digit gains, increasing 14.9%, marking another great quarter of growth. We're encouraged by this acceleration, and has been focused -- a focused effort for us for quite some time. We have been steadily building a stronger foundation, and our customers are continuing to notice, recognize and reward those improvements. 
Over the last several years, we have improved our product coverage. And we worked diligently to enhance the quality of the parts and products we sell, many under the Duralast name. 
Our buying team has done an excellent job in identifying opportunities where our coverage could be improved, where we could improve on the already high-quality parts we have and do it all at a good cost, so we can provide our customers a good value. And our sales force continues to do an ever improving job at communicating our offerings. 
As I've said on our last conference call, we have been increasing the engagement of the store teams, particularly the store managers and district managers, with our customers. Yes, they are making sales calls, but they are really making customer service calls, where they can find where we are excelling and do more of it, and also hear our areas for improvement. Rest assured these women and men know how to drive customer service, and now they have improved visibility on our opportunities. 
We estimate our market share at roughly 3% of the industry, and we're excited about the significant opportunity to further capture market share.
Overall, we are encouraged with our ongoing initiatives. While we have invested more in our AutoZoners, inventory and systems, we've done so with the objective of improving customer-facing activities. While we are never perfect, we believe our execution is improving as we intensify our focus on the customer. 
I'd also like to remind everyone that last year, we highlighted that in Q3 and Q4, we had an abnormal level of category changeovers, a few of which that have not gone as planned and were undergoing substantial changes to our supply chain. While we always have some level of disruption occurring as we make changes to our offerings, this year's level of activity is more normal and substantially below last year.
As I mentioned on last quarter's earnings call, our annual operating theme for 2019 is focused on Drive For Excellence, a relentless focus on what matters to our customers: exceptional service; fast deliveries; high-quality parts and products; flawless execution of changes and product assortments; in-store merchandising and on and on. 
As part of this initiative, we have challenged our store leadership teams to reduce the time committed to redundant or noncustomer-facing activities. Although early, we have identified opportunities to improve the effectiveness of our AutoZoners in performing store tasks, ultimately allowing them to increase customer-facing time.
Over the course of last year or so, there has been significant focus on tariffs and inflation. 
After months of being in a steady state, the United States increased tariffs with China recently. When the first tariffs were enacted in September, we said we were able to negotiate many of the increases away due to the change in the Chinese currency. As the additional tariffs were just added, it is too early for us to know the implications. 
That said, if we do, in fact, experience higher costs, it will be our intention to pass those higher costs on to our customers, as has been our practice and our industry's practice for some time. 
As a result of the tariffs, there's been an elevated discussion of what is happening in our sector regarding inflation. 
Over many, many years, our average unit retails have grown at a mid-single-digit level as the parts and products we are selling have more technology or higher cost materials in them, and that makes them last longer. But average unit retail is different than inflation because the former includes new products while inflation is a same SKU comparison. 
Historically, as evidenced by our substantial unrecorded negative LIFO reserve, we generally have experienced deflation in same SKU product costs. This often occurs because as new products are introduced, they are being made in small quantities. As volumes increase, so do efficiencies, and costs come down. 
This year, we have experienced a small amount of inflation while our average unit retails have increased slightly faster than normal.
Turning to our omnichannel efforts. We continue to invest in our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting them when, where and how they want to shop. We have initiatives in place to improve our in-store systems and websites, autozone.com, AutoZonePro.com mobile and ALLDATA. We're investing heavily in systems to support these shopping patterns. 
We continue to see rapid growth in website traffic as well as shift to home and Buy Online Pick-Up In Store sales. While representing a very small percentage of our business, substantially below 5%, we are pleased with how the customer is embracing all our offerings. 
Last quarter, we discussed our next day delivery program that allows customers in over 85% of the U.S. markets to order as late as 10:00 p.m. and receive their products at their home the very next day. We're even testing midnight cutoffs in a couple of markets. 
We continue to expand to more markets. And I would be remiss if I didn't say we are working diligently to further enhance our digital capabilities with our commercial customers. The improvements with the online commercial offering will be ongoing, as we know we have ample opportunities for improvement, which, once addressed, will allow us to make inroads with certain customers that have not bought from us in the past, and will allow us to further grow our business with existing customers, many of which are the more sophisticated shops. 
While ship to home, ship to home next day, Buy Online Pick-Up In Store and commercial customer ordering are all showing growth, and traffic to our online sites has continued to increase at rapid rates in our retail business, we continue to see customers primarily doing lots of research online and then coming into the store in order to receive trustworthy advice, Fix Finder, Loan-A-Tool and a host of other services, that simply cannot be duplicated online prior to making a sale. 
Our efforts in 2019 are to make sure our AutoZoners are freed up in stores to provide wow customer service to every one of those customers.
In summary, we are pleased with our performance and remain encouraged with our industry strength in both DIY and DIFM and our prospects for the remainder of 2019. 
Macro factors have largely been in our favor, and we remain committed to growing our market share in both our DIY and commercial businesses.
Now let me provide more detail on the quarter. For the quarter, total sales increased 4.6% and our domestic same-store sales were up 3.9%. Regionally, our northeastern, Midwestern and mid-Atlantic markets representing roughly 28% of our store base performed better than the remaining markets. 
For our fiscal year, we expect to open approximately 200 new stores including international and 150 net new domestic commercial programs. During the quarter, we opened 35 new stores in the United States, and our commercial business opened 43 net new programs. Currently, 85% of our domestic stores have a commercial program, and the vast majority of our international stores have a commercial program. 
During the quarter, we continued to expand in Mexico opening 8 new stores. We also opened 3 new stores in Brazil this quarter, finishing with 25.
Regarding our inventory initiatives. In the spirit of our Yes! We’ve Got It initiative, we've continued expanding our hub store network. We opened 4 additional hubs this quarter and now have 174 hub stores and an additional 28 mega hubs, totaling 202 stores with significantly expanded parts assortments. 
As we have seen both our DIY and commercial sales expand in markets where hub, mega hubs are added, we will continue to grow this number of hubs we have this year. Having opened 8 hubs already this fiscal year, we expect to open as many as 11 in total for the full year, with most being mega hubs. 
As a reminder, both our hubs and mega hubs are focused on making available additional coverage to the local markets, meaning adding SKUs that would not have been available locally in the network before. 
Both the inventory and hub store initiatives are designed to enhance our ability to meet our customers' needs for coverage and immediacy. When we originally launched our MegaHub initiative, we said we felt we could open 25 to 40 mega hubs domestically. And as we've said every time we have discussed their performance, they have outperformed our expectations. Today, as a result, we are expanding our expectations for long-term mega hubs to 70 to 90 in the United States.
Along with improving our local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with opportunities for advancement and ensure we do it on a long-term profitable basis to provide strong returns for our shareholders. We remain focused on the importance of going the extra mile to fulfill our customers' needs regardless of how difficult the request.
Along with our operating theme for 2019, Drive For Excellence, we create key priorities each year. For 2019, these priorities are: customers first, commercial acceleration, omnichannel, leveraging technology and, finally, Yes! We’ve Got It inventory initiatives. 
Adding a little more color to our customers first initiative, we're also making further technology investments to improve our electronic catalog and point-of-sale systems to ensure we are putting the customer first. We believe our current and future technology investments will improve our competitive position, will make our AutoZoners more knowledgeable and efficient and lead to sales growth across all of our businesses. 
While these investments are adding to both the operating expense and capital expenditures, we feel this will meaningfully improve the customer shopping experience. Our expectation is our business will experience ongoing acceleration in technology investments for the mid- to long-term.
Regarding commercial acceleration, we have been investing in systems to help AutoZoners sell more efficiently and customers conduct business with us easier. While most of these initiatives won't be rolled out until late in calendar 2019 or even later, our focus on increasing the engagement of the broader store team and focusing on existing customers is paying off today. We are quite pleased with our momentum heading into the fourth quarter.
We should once again highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our third quarter at 34.5%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best in all of hardlines retailing. However, our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return, well in excess of our cost of capital. It is important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital.
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to again thank and reinforce how appreciative we are of our AutoZoners' efforts each and every day. We are excited about all the initiatives we are working on throughout 2019, but everything must start with the effort of our AutoZoners, and especially our field AutoZoners. We only have one shot to make that first impression with our customers, and our team is taking advantage of that opportunity.
Now I'll turn it over to Bill.

Thank you, Bill. 
While we had a strong sales quarter, we know we have much work to do to finish this year strong. The summer months generate a large percentage of our annual sales, and we'll be opening up a substantial portion of our new stores, commercial programs and mega hubs during the fourth quarter. We also have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives this upcoming quarter. 
With that said, we remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners' workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary tasks that get in the way of making the customer experience better for both the do-it-yourself customer and the professional customer.
We believe our industry's fundamentals will remain strong as miles driven are expected to increase over the remainder of the year. 
This upcoming quarter, we are laser-focused on executing our game plan. We're excited about our balance model for growth around domestic retail and commercial, international, online and Pickup In Store. We believe our hubs and mega hubs, Mexico, ALLDATA and digital, can all grow their top lines for the remainder of 2019. 
To execute at a high level, we must adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and thoughtful execution. 
Service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. 
Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and to continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 40 years, and we continue to be excited about our future.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes, terrific question, Chris. It's both, frankly. We will be adding mega hubs in smaller markets than we envisioned originally, and we'll also be adding to density in some of the largest markets. As we said all along since we've introduced these mega hubs, they continually have outperformed our expectations. So frankly, the analysis that we did 4, 5 years ago when we started them said we can only do 25 to 40. As their performance has improved, they've allowed us to go to these other markets.

Yes. And I don't really want to get into too much on week-to-week comparisons. As you know in this business, weather matters, especially on a weekly or geographic area -- certain geographies. So I don't want to spend too much time on it. We feel confident that we're continuing to build momentum in the commercial business. Now when you talk about comps, we are up against tougher commercial growth in the fourth quarter of last year. That's not lost on us. But this isn't about a quarter or 2., this is about a long-term growth model.

Yes. First of all, I said as we roll out the ones that we have to date, we haven't called out the MegaHub costs as a significant contributor to our cost structure. Clearly, it's more expensive. The first ones that we did, we were able to go into many cases, existing excess space that we already had. As we go to the next ones, we'll be having to take down a little bit more real estate or moving next to the store that we already have. So there will be costs, but I don't think it will be meaningful costs that we're calling out as a key contributor to our performance.

Yes. As we expand from 25 to 40 to 70 to 90, it's not going to add a substantial amount of additional stores to have access to that inventory. Over 90% of our stores today have access to the MegaHub inventory. What it will do is it will shorten the lead time. Many of those stores today will get it on 3-time-a-day basis. Some of them will get it once-a-day basis and others will get it overnight. As we expand this, we will go to more stores that have access 3 times a day and fewer stores that have access overnight. But there will always be stores that have access overnight because they're simply too far from the MegaHub. I think what held us back, frankly, we would love to be farther along the mega hubs today. The big challenge with this is these are big boxes, and they take time to get -- to find the right real estate and to develop that real estate. We will have the same experience as we go from our 28 today up to 70 to 90. It will take us some time. I would say what changed was the economics changed. We are getting more productivity out of the existing box of the MegaHub itself, and we're getting more productivity out of the stores that are adjacent and feeding off of that box, particularly the stores that have access 3 times a day or in the local market. So just the economy's -- or as the economics change, we made it more beneficial for us to do it.

I do think -- if I could add on a little, I do think, and I've commented earlier, we're going to have increased technology spending for the foreseeable future. And today, I think we're also continuing to see that the wage market is probably different than it was 5 to 7 years ago because you have the regulated markets that are continuing to march towards $15 an hour, and then you have other markets that there are market pressures from other retailers that are moving those wages up. So I think we will continue to have not at the level that we experienced this year, but I believe we will continue to have wage pressures and information technology accelerated spending.

Terrific question, Brian. I would tell you that it's the culmination of about 4 years worth of a very focused work. If you recall, we reupped our strategy in 2008 and had a nice run with that. And then about 4 years ago, we knew we had to come up with the next leg of what our strategy looks like. We did a tremendous amount of work, most focused on improving our product assortment leaning into the commercial business. We did things like multiple frequency and delivery. We expanded and improved the assortment that we had on our satellite stores and in our hub stores. We added mega hubs, which we didn't have 4, 5 years ago, and on and on. We've really improved the product assortments focused very much on commercial. Then over the last year, and we're beginning to annualize that right now, we really ramped up the engagement of our store operating teams. I will put our operating teams up against anybody out there. They can execute like nobody's business. And we really take that execution focus and dialed it into commercial. Where before, for the most part, the commercial sales manager and the TSM were the direct contact with the customers, now we've enhanced that by adding the store manager and the district managers. And our store managers are phenomenal customer service people. And when they're going out and making these sales calls, they're finding out what are we doing right and where do we have opportunities for improvement. And they're coming back and leading the store team in that direction. So that, to us, what has enhanced our performance.

I'll start with the latter question. Not that I can think of off the top of my head. And we have dealt with over many, many years significant increases because so many of the products we sell are significant commodity-based products. So we've dealt with oil shocks. We've dealt with lead price increases. We've dealt with steel price increases. Many times those have come pretty quick, and we have been able to pass those costs along to our consumers. But let me be the first to say, we are not pleased about the tariffs. We are concerned about what that will do, not so much to AutoZone or our business, but more to what it would mean to the U.S. economy. But we have a strong history of being able to say, okay, we can pass those on to our customers. It's one of the beauties of being in a relatively inelastic demand business.

Yes. That's a very difficult question to say. We have a significant amount of products that come out of China. We don't direct import a ton less than 10%, but we have a lot of importers that bring it in from China. And then you also have a lot of our products where the components are being manufactured in China and the products are being assembled here. So we have significant exposure to products that are sourced from China, whether we do it or somebody else does it.

The one places where it wasn't healthy were the markets that were impacted by hurricanes the previous year, and we're lapping those significant growth. So that's Puerto Rico, Houston, South Florida, all those areas. That was where we were the weakest.

We really haven't gotten into specifics on the mix of what it is, but the growth of both of them were very encouraging. Our up and down the street business is growing very well, and our national account business is growing well also.

Yes, we really focused the most on traffic and ticket in the DIY business. Obviously, we're growing both in the commercial side of the business. Our DIY traffic and ticket trends were not significantly different than they have been. We have a long-standing challenge with transaction count, and that's being made up with a long-standing growth in average ticket. Those trends were not meaningfully different this quarter than they have been.

Yes. We turned them off, I think, around February 1, and we turned them back on in the latter part of August. And they're -- still stay on today. The FedEx next day delivery program has really been a great addition to us. It's not the biggest program, I've said in our prepared remarks that our total digital business is less than 5% substantially less, but it's been a nice addition. And it's been a great way for us to surprise and delight customers. So we've been very pleased with that.

Terrific question. Yes. First, on the commercial side, it's pretty clear that we're taking substantial market share. The market's grown 4%, 4.5%, and we're growing close to 15%. And that's a pretty significant change. A lot of focus on the commercial side comes what's happening with us and our close-in competitors. I would change the dialogue. If you added the big 3 together, we only have about 10% market share. There's 90% of other market share out there. And to me, that's where our focus needs to be, is how do we enhance our position, so that we can grab more and more of that market share over time? And I think the mega hubs played perfectly into that as we're substantially changing our product assortment in the local market. That's taking away an advantage that was typically held by the warehouse distributors. On the retail side, we are continuing to see that our share gains are accelerating. They're not massive, but they are accelerating. Clearly, the entire industry has taken share away from the mom and pops over a long period of time. But if you look at the number of outlets that sell parts in the United States, it's been around 35,000 outlets since I got in this business almost 25 years ago. That doesn't change. What doesn't change, even though us and our competitors are opening more and more programs, there's a natural consolidation that happens on the independents' side. Will it continue for the future? We certainly hope so.

So I would say, first of all, that in the 2017 and 2018 time period, there was a lot of focus on the fact that our sales trajectory had changed radically. And I've spent a lot of time talking about how tight the band of our sales performance has been since 2013. It's really within a couple hundred basis points. We're going to have relatively good quarters, and we're going to have more challenging quarters. But they're still going to be within a pretty tight band. For instance, we have, today, and we'll see if it's sustainable or not, as we are growing our commercial business at a much accelerated rate. When you talk about 2017 and '18, we went down at the single-digit growth there. Now that we've had it in double digit, and this time close to 15%, that's making a meaningful difference. We will have to see if we can sustain that level or even continue to grow it from here. That will be the question.

Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment and call out that we will celebrate AutoZone's 40th anniversary on July 4. The old adage rings true that we've come a long way since back then. But in the spirit of our founder's vision, we remain focused on providing exceptional service and going the extra mile. 
Our business model continues to be solid, and we are excited about the rest of the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We will continue to execute on our game plan, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. 
As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. 
We thank you for your interest in our company and for participating on today's call. And in recognition to the upcoming Memorial Day holiday, we want to recognize and say thank you to those who have served our country past and present. We are grateful for the freedoms your service has insured. Have a great day.