Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2018 Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the third quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozoneinc.com. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them.
To begin this morning, I want to thank all AutoZoners across the company for their efforts that allowed us to deliver solid financial results this quarter. As we entered the third quarter, we were pretty optimistic about our sales prospects since we were coming off the first reasonably severe winter in the last 3 years. We anticipated seeing a significant acceleration in the sales of maintenance products as the harsh winter was hard on them, and as the weather improved, our customers would get outside and get caught up on their maintenance work. 
Unfortunately, we had a very cold, wet spring through March and much of April, and the anticipated acceleration and maintenance category sales for much of the quarter did not materialize. Instead, 2 of our top-performing categories were wiper blades and antifreeze, not the categories you want leading the way in the spring. 
Additionally, the Northeastern, mid-Atlantic and Midwestern geographies did not excel as expected after the harsher winter. However, at the end of the quarter, the last 2 weeks when most of the country entered a dry, hot weather pattern, our sales improved materially and in the geographies and the categories that we expected. 
While we were disappointed with our sales for the quarter, they performed in line with our expectations from week to week based on the weather patterns we were experiencing, and we were encouraged when our sales responded when the weather turned more favorable. 
We continue to be optimistic about the balance of this selling season because we know there is significant deferred maintenance outstanding. Despite the headline sales performance, we had some encouraging results to highlight. Our commercial business growth accelerated, increasing over 7% versus last year's third quarter, and our revenue per program grew nicely. 
As we continue to enhance many elements of our commercial program, we are encouraged to see our business improve. We have substantially enhanced our inventory availability over the past 3 years, and those improvements continue to strengthen our competitive positioning in the marketplace. 
Additionally, our commercial customers performed their work in garages. So the negative weather doesn't impact them as much as it does the DIYer. 
This fiscal year-to-date, we have opened just over 90 new commercial programs and expect to end the year with approximately 150 new programs. 
International continued to perform well for us. We still expect to grow our international store base in both countries as we see years of opportunity ahead of us. 
And we continued to refine and experiment with our omnichannel efforts during the quarter. We standardized our pricing across the Internet and stores by discontinuing the aggressive promotional discounting for ship-to-home items only. We have been concerned that offering different promotional offers to customers based on how they wanted their products fulfilled have the potential to create a channel conflict. 
As we look to the future, we see an environment where the distinction of online and off-line get very blurred. Our omnichannel efforts are focused on interacting with the customer through their preferred means: in-store, online, over the telephone, via their mobile device, and then fulfilling that order to meet the customers' desires and time lines in the most cost-effective manner. 
And as some of you have noticed, we have also begun to test improved delivery speeds to home customers in select markets. Across all sectors of the economy, companies are testing new ways to enhance the customer experience. We, too, are working on a variety of fronts. Some will work. Some won't. But in this age of innovation, it is imperative that we continue to find new ways to improve the customer experience and deepen our relationships with our customers. We will share more about -- more specifics about this test and others as we learn, adjust and then ultimately, implement. 
Today, our online ship-to-home business is quite small relative to the sales of the enterprise, but ceasing the discounting had a negative impact on our sales, which also negatively impacted our overall same-store sales. Look, our goal isn't to get this balance right today but to learn how best to leverage all of our assets and capabilities over time to strengthen our overall value proposition. 
In last quarter's press release, we introduced an adjustment to our GAAP numbers for the divestiture of 2 businesses. This quarter, the sale of these 2 businesses had a nominal impact on our operating profit but given the nature of the businesses, did benefit our gross margin by approximately 40 basis points. 
Additionally, our tax rate came in at 27.2%, below our previous expectations at the beginning of the quarter. We expect a rate in the range of 27% to 28% in Q4 and a lower rate next year as the full year lower federal tax rate is taken into account. 
Beginning at the start of our fiscal 2019, we will begin recognizing the full benefit of the changes and expect our ongoing global tax rate to be around 24.5%. Overall, we expect the Tax Reform Act will benefit net income by over $200 million on an annual basis realized over fiscal 2018 and 2019. 
As we consider the enhancement in profitability to the enterprise due to lower corporate tax rates, we discussed during our second quarter conference call proactively investing some of these proceeds in an effort to improve our business for the long term. We highlighted investing in wages and benefits to maintain our competitiveness with other retailers and investments in technology to improve our service levels across DIY and commercial, both with an enhanced omnichannel emphasis. 
Some of these investments are pull-forwards of what has been contemplated in our long-term strategic plans. We've begun to accelerate some of our technological investments, but that will take some time. 
As for wages, we continue to monitor market conditions and plan on executing our changes in our first quarter of next year, in conjunction with our normal annual evaluation process. Our enhancements will be focused on our more knowledgeable and tenured hourly AutoZoners. As this investment is unique, we want to add more clarity to you.
We are modeling SG&A dollar growth to be in the 4% to 5% range over last year in our fourth quarter. We're in the later stages of developing our operating plan for fiscal 2019. But based on our latest thinking, our expectation is that SG&A would grow in the 6.5% to 7.5% range. 
And as the wage adjustments will not become effective until the second half of our first quarter of 2019, that quarter will not bear the full burden of those changes. The wage changes are designed to ensure we can attract and retain terrific, knowledgeable AutoZoners and to make sure our wages are competitive. The technology investments are designed to grow sales. 
Regarding our internal initiatives and specifically, continually improving inventory availability at the market level, we continue to see a nice pickup in sales from the markets with Mega Hub capabilities. Mega Hub stores are our stores with approximately 100,000 unique SKUs and provide delivery to surrounding stores and other hubs. As our plan dictated this quarter, we opened 3 additional Mega Hubs, ending with 21 and are on track to have 25 locations opened by the end of the fiscal year. 
Additionally, I would like to recognize our supply chain team for leveraging our warehouse and delivery cost yet again this quarter while starting up a new distribution center in Ocala, Florida. This marked the third sequential quarter where we have leveraged our costs. And while we continue to be mindful of fuel cost increases and driver labor shortages across several carriers, we remain encouraged with the direction that our businesses' costs are headed over the remainder of calendar 2018. 
As noted earlier, we saw solid performance in our commercial business sales results in Q3. Total commercial sales increased 7.3% for the quarter. We continue to grow our business much faster than the overall industry by executing on our game plan. With fewer year-over-year program openings, more of our sales growth is coming from existing customers or new customers in older programs. We believe our inventory availability work is vital to these efforts and is enhancing our position in the market. 
I continue to give credit for our commercial performance to our store AutoZoners, who are simply getting better at running our model. Commercial relationships take time to cultivate, and we are encouraged with their efforts. 
Turning to our online efforts and specifically, in regards to helping our commercial customers, we are making investments to further enhance our digital capabilities. Our investments in technology are expected to help our customers get the parts they need faster. We will continue to invest in our omnichannel strategies to ensure we can conduct business with our customers in the manner that best fits their needs and desires. 
On the cost front, I've highlighted the past few quarters the impacts we are experiencing from accelerated pressure on wages. Those pressures continue to exist and are much more than historical norms. The regulatory changes are going to continue as evidenced by the areas that had already passed legislation to increase their wages substantially over the next few years. 
And more impactful are the current market forces in retail as we all compete for talented employees in a very low unemployment environment. We are constantly working diligently to find new innovations to better manage our cost structure, and those efforts will continue. We believe this particular area will continue to pressure us for some extended period of time, which is why we are proactively leveraging a portion of the benefits derived from the recent tax law changes to invest in this incredibly important aspect of our business, our AutoZoners. 
Our management team remains committed to managing this business for the long term to provide great service for our customers and great opportunity for our AutoZoners, ultimately delivering strong shareholder value. We operate in an industry driven by, in many cases, inelastic demand. 
If the part breaks or wears out, our customers need to fix it to get to work and get on with their lives. Because of this predictability based on miles driven and an aging car population, we remain committed to continually improving our ability to aid customers in saying yes to their needs. 
Now let me provide more detail on the quarter. For the quarter, our sales increased 1.6%, and our domestic same-store sales were up 0.6%. During the quarter, we opened 26 net new stores in the U.S., and our commercial business opened 38 programs. 
Year-to-date, we opened 75 net new stores and 91 commercial programs in the United States, 12 new stores in Mexico and 2 stores in Brazil. We expect to open approximately 150 new domestic stores, 40 in Mexico and approximately 10 in Brazil for a total of 200. And we expect to open about 150 net new domestic commercial programs. Currently, 85% of our domestic stores have a commercial program. 
Along with improving our local parts availability and assortment, we continue to manage this organization to provide exceptional service for our customers, provide our AutoZoners with a great place to work with opportunities for advancement and ensure we do it on a long-term, profitable basis to provide strong returns for our shareholders. We will continue to and stress the importance of going the extra mile to fulfill our customers' needs regardless of how difficult the request. With our commitments to service [ 
intact ], we continued to be share gainers over the quarter according to the data we have available to us. 
Now let me review our highlights regarding execution of our ongoing operating theme from 2017 that we carried over into 2018: "Yes! We've Got It." The key priorities for the year are Great People Providing Great Service!, profitably growing our commercial business, leveraging the Internet, "Yes! We've Got It." and leveraging IT. 
On the retail front this past quarter under the Great People Providing Great Service! theme, we are committed to supporting our store AutoZoners. We're focusing on enhanced training to store-level AutoZoners and increasing the share of voice regarding availability with the "Yes! We've Got It." theme. 
We remain aggressive with our technology investments and believe these initiatives will help differentiate us on a go-forward basis. We realize as customers have become much more tech and mobile-savvy. We have to have a sales proposition that touches all the ways they desire to interact with us. Our current and future technology investments will lead to sales growth across all of our businesses. 
We should also highlight another strong performance in return on invested capital as we were able to finish our third quarter at 30.8%. We continue to be pleased with this metric as it is one of the best, if not all -- if not the best, in all of hardlines' retail. This metric is a key component of our pay-for-performance culture at AutoZone, and we demand our AutoZoners across the organization be accountable for our investment decisions. 
Great ideas look wonderful on paper, but it's our job to deliver results. We are always learning from both successes and failures in our investments. Our primary focus has been and continues to be that we ensure every incremental dollar of capital that we deploy in this business provides an acceptable return well in excess of our cost of capital. It is important to reinforce that we will always maintain our diligence regarding capital stewardship as the capital we invest is our investors' capital. 
Before I pass the discussion over to Bill Giles to talk about our financial results, I'd like to thank our AutoZoners for their efforts to continue to meet our customers' vehicle needs. This is not easy. I see every day what customers expect from our AutoZoners, and they meet those needs with a smile on their face. Their efforts make our company what it is today. We are bullish on our fourth quarter sales potential because we have a great business operated by an exceptional team. 
Now I'll turn it over to Bill Giles.

Thanks, Bill. As we head into the fourth quarter, we are encouraged by the traction we are gaining with internal sales initiatives, the investments we are making to improve customer service and product availability, the strength of our industry and the favorable macro trends. We are optimistic looking forward for the remainder of the selling season. 
We're excited to intensify our focus on our core businesses because we see these core businesses as tremendously attractive and in strong markets. We will continue our domestic and international expansion efforts, growing roughly 200 locations annually. We will continue to focus on growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate to the market growth. We will intensify our omnichannel efforts, and we will leverage ALLDATA as the premier tool shops use in the automotive aftermarket. 
To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to Living the Pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. 
Our customers have choices, and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments, and we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2018 and beyond.
As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the Trustworthy Advice they expect. It truly is the value-add that differentiates us from any other faceless transaction. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service. 
We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want, but today's customers do expect more information from a variety of sources on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone, and it will be long into the future. 
Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market condition and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. 
In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last nearly 39 years, and we continue to be excited about our future. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

That's a terrific question. And yes, your general expectations of what we were anticipating coming into this quarter are about right. Yes, and I'd go back to what we talked about in September. In this industry, our sales over the last 5 years have traded in a very tight band. This time, we were a little bit disappointed by them. As we move into the fourth quarter, I don't know whether we'll recoup half of them or most of them. But as we look forward, we know that there's extensive deferred maintenance, particularly on the maintenance-related parts. And that maintenance work is going to have to be done at some point in time. You can see some of it was done in the commercial side because they were working in garages, but we just didn't see the rebound in those under-car categories that we would have anticipated.

Michael, I'd like to add on that front, too. If you'll recall, back in 2006, we had a similar investment cycle. We were running about 17.5% operating margins at the time, and we felt like there were some things that we needed to do to improve our execution for the long term. And we invested about 50 basis points of margin at that point in time, and our margin went down to about 17%. Of course, over the next 10 years, it improved up to about 19.4%. We envision this the same way. These are some things that we have opportunities to enhance our performance over the long term and feel comfortable doing them. But they're onetime in nature.

Well, April looked -- it looked pretty tough in the first half of the week -- or first half of the month. The third week improved, and then the fourth week was very, very strong. But the fourth week was the first time that we had really warm, dry weather. And, obviously, you can't straight line warm, dry weather all the way through the fourth quarter. But we were encouraged. When the weather improved, it met our expectations for what would happen in the business.

Yes. As you think about it, we've said several times that we're going to recoup over $200 million in net income on an annual basis. We're talking about investing less than half of that into the long-term aspect of our business, and we're very comfortable where we're putting those dollars. We did really focus on 2 things: wages of our hourly AutoZoners, the most tenured and most knowledgeable people that really helped differentiate us in the marketplace, and we want to make sure that we are effectively compensating them in a competitive environment. And then secondly, we're going to be making some pretty significant investments in technology. Many of those are things we would have done, but we're accelerating our investments in technology somewhat because of this tax reform. And so we will have an expanded investment profile next fiscal year. But once we got beyond that, we feel like we'll be in very good shape.

I would anticipate once we get on the other side of it that our EBIT growth would be in the 3% to 5% range, and that it'll depend somewhat on the cash flow that we're generating. And frankly, it depends a little bit on the multiple of the stock as to how much the share repurchase program drives. There was a period of time we were generating $1.3 billion in share repurchases, and that would mean 5% or 6%, and sometimes it meant 4% or 5%. So it somewhat depends on other factors as well.

You've packed a lot of questions in that. Let me try to unpack them. Yes, 7.3% growth for commercial for the quarter, we felt pretty good about that. It was variable. It is also variable based upon week-to-week performance of the weather, but it is less variable than the DIY business. It, too, came out of the quarter pretty strong. As we think about the things that are driving that business, we've made tremendous investments over the last 3 years in making sure that we have the right delivery frequency for our cost model and optimizing our cost model and also expanding our Mega Hubs. We're up to 21 Mega Hubs now, looking to be [ up ] 25 by the end of the year. Those Mega Hubs really give us enhanced access to hard-to-find inventory. And as we continue to roll them out, we see that the Mega Hub itself does very well. The local market that it serves has improved. And then even the other stores that are attached to other hubs see improvement. So -- and then the other thing is our team, we spent a lot of time, particularly over the last 2 years, getting our in-store teams focused on the commercial business. Store managers and district managers intensifying their focus on the commercial business, and I think all of those things together are continuing to pay dividends and will for an extended period of time.

Yes. I would hate to say 1 quarter is the ultimate tell for the run rate for our industry. This industry, as you very well know, Simeon, it has been robust for 20 or 30 years. I did a presentation last week to our vendors at the Vendor Summit and talked about the 20-year run rate of this industry. And the fact that the DIY market in total has grown about 4% a year for 20 years. The commercial market's grown about 4.5% a year for 20 years. Now that's total growth. That's not a same-store basis. And I've said time and time again, I'm disappointed with a 0.6% comp, but it's not a minus 6% comp. I mean, we're continuing to trade within a pretty tight band. Look back over the last 5 years at the quarterly performance, and it trades 3% to minus 1% or so, minus 1.8%, I think. So, yes, I just don't think that it's radically changing by any stretch of the imagination.

It's not terribly meaningful. It could be in the 20, 30 basis points range overall. Our online ship-to-home business is not a very big business for us. And so we wanted to make sure that we were incentivizing our customers to interact with us regardless of the channel that they wanted. And so we made some changes, and it negatively impacted the ship-to-home business, but it's not a big part of our overall business.

Yes, it's a great question. I don't think we're seeing any significant impacts from inflation at this point in time. Obviously, oil prices have started to move up of late, and we're mindful of that. But so far, we haven't seen any material impacts to that. As you know, we've dealt with inflationary impacts over long periods of time, and our industry and particularly our AutoZoners have been able to handle it pretty well.

It's not terribly material. We see pushes and pulls. As you know, we have a significant effort going on to direct source, and that's also helping lower our acquisition costs.

I think number one, we control our own destiny, and I have a high degree of confidence in our team to continue to deliver. We've got some really exciting initiatives that we're working on. I think the biggest driver of our performance over the long term is going to be how do we perform in commercial. It is the single biggest growth opportunity that we have in front of us. Today, we've got about 3% market share. We're still pretty immature in that business. We've got a lot of things that we're working on to improve that business, and they're showing that we're gaining traction. So I continue to be very bullish about this business over the long period of time.

Yes. Great questions. The driver to us is if you think about over the longer term, where is this headed? How are you going to do determine whether a transaction is online or off-line? It's not going to be online or off-line. It could be over the phone. It could be over the mobile device, over your desktop. It's how are we going to be interacting with customers, and we want to make sure that we don't create channel conflicts. We feel like our value proposition is incredible, and we feel like a big part of that is the knowledge and Trustworthy Advice that our AutoZoners deliver to their customers and be that over the phone, be that over chat, be that in the store. And we want to make sure that we're incentivizing our customers to engage with us. We don't want to create channel conflicts. So that's what drove our decision.

Yes. I don't think we've seen any competitive changes as a result of opening individual Mega Hubs. And all of us in the industry are taking different tactics. If one of our competitors opens a new distribution center, we don't change our operating model in that market, and I haven't seen any material changes across any of the markets where we've opened these Mega Hubs.

Well, I think the labor market is continuing to get tighter as we've gotten further into the economic cycle. We have very, very low historical unemployment rates. We -- make no mistake about it. We're continuing to hire great people every day. Our turnover rate is down slightly. So it's not like we're dealing with a catastrophic situation. We're just trying to make sure that we continue to stay out in front of this situation. If you look at the regulatory environments, California and certain parts of the Northeast, you can clearly see what's in front of us from what those regulatory environment changes are going to be. The bigger question is -- and you've read all of the retailer announcements of what they're doing with wages this year or over the last 2 years or what they're going to be doing over the next couple of years. It is imperative that our AutoZoners, being such an important part of our value proposition, that we make sure that we've got the best people, and we're going to make sure we continue to compensate them comparatively.

Yes, that's a terrific question. And what we've seen over the long period of time, we've talked about it publicly, is there seems to be a real tipping point around $4 a gallon. Now we're a long, long way from $4 a gallon today. But we've had periods of time where we got there. And clearly, we saw impacts in miles driven during those periods of time, but we're a long way from $4 a gallon.

Yes. I wouldn't say that the distribution centers are designed to really drive sales. They're designed to drive improvements in costs because they're going to be servicing closer areas, so you're reducing the stem miles. But they'll have slight improvements in service because of a little bit -- orders would get there a little bit quicker. But it's really more of a cost efficiency play. When you think about expanded coverage, our strategy on that is our Mega Hubs, and our Mega Hubs would carry close to 100,000 SKUs. As we open those, we significantly improve the yes percentage, our ability to say yes to our customers in those stores. We always, always see a significant improvement in both retail and commercial in that store's sales. And those stores generally are leveraging that 100,000 SKUs, over 20 to 30 other stores that are in their hub network, if you will. And they're delivering those parts to those stores 3 times a day, and we see significant growth in those stores. Then those Mega Hubs are also going to service -- some of them don't service any more hubs, but several of them service 4 to 6 to 8 additional hubs, and those can be on a same-day or overnight basis, but we see improvements in sales by every store that's touched by the Mega Hubs.

Yes, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're testing a variety of different things, and I appreciate the fact that you guys are so observant that you caught on to this test. But I don't want to make big deal out of it yet because it's early in our test, and we're trying lots of different things to make sure that we can service our customers. The one thing that we know is speed of delivery matters. And so we're working on ways that we can deliver to our customers as quickly as possible, and that's one of the elements that we're testing. Let us get a little bit farther along in the test, and then we'll give you more clarity about where it is and what our plans are.

Yes, I would say we're continuing to perform very well with both what we call the up and down the street and the national accounts. So we feel very good about both of them. As far as whether or not the commercial customer is taking advantage of the next-day delivery program, I'm sure some of them are. That's not what it's designed to do. And you've got to remember, we're delivering to these commercial customers usually in 30 minutes. Next-day would be a significant deterioration in service. So it's really designed for the DIY customer.

Yes, that's a great point, Bret. But let's go back to what we were just talking about on the Mega Hubs. So the Mega Hubs have that extensive parts coverage. So if it's a hard-to-find part, it's generally going to come out of that Mega Hub, and it can get there sooner than next day, in most cases.

Great. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to wish everyone a nice Memorial Day weekend and thank everyone that has served in our Armed Forces. We're excited about our growth prospects for this year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan for future success, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.