Ma'am, are you going to play the forward-looking statement?
Good morning, everyone, obviously, we have a little curveball, so I will read the forward-looking statement. 
Certain statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate, project, position, strategy seek, may, could and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions and assessments made by the company's management in light of experience and perception of historical trends current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that the company believes to be appropriate. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows; access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions; consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations, risks associated with self-insurance; war and the prospect of war, including terrorist activity; the impact of public health issues, such as the ongoing global pandemic of a novel strain of the coronavirus; inflation; the ability to hire, train and retain qualified employees; construction delays; the compromise in confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, including cyberattacks; historic growth rate sustainability; downgrade of the company's credit ratings; damage to the company's reputation; challenges in international markets; failure and interruption of the company's information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of suppliers; disruption in the company's supply chain due to public health epidemics or otherwise; impact of tariffs; anticipated impact of new accounting standards and business interruptions.
Certain of these risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained in Item 1A under Part 1 of the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 29, 2020, and these risk factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements, and events described above and in the risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it should be understood that it is not possible to identify, predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, the company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Okay. Well, good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.
Regarding the second quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides accompanying our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly earnings conference calls to see them. 
To start off this morning, I'll spend some time talking about our sales results, trends over the 12 weeks, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. As I said in our press release this morning, we could not deliver the kind of results we have without the heroic efforts of our store and supply chain AutoZoners. While classified as essential workers, essential seems insufficient to describe the remarkable contributions to our company, our customers and our results. Our AutoZoners have really stepped up during the pandemic and have been nothing short of exceptional, and our top priority remains being committed to providing all of our AutoZoners with a safe work environment to be sure -- so they can help our customers. 
While Jamere will talk more about this when he discusses the investments we've been making, I will say the additional emergency time-off or ETO we offered is something we just knew was the right thing to do for our AutoZoners. Thank you, AutoZoners again. 
Okay. Let's turn to our sales results. Our overall comp sales were up 15.2% this quarter. Our growth rates for retail and commercial were both strong this quarter with retail comps being slightly stronger than commercial. Commercial came on strong at the end of the quarter and comped similarly to retail for the last 4 weeks. 
Let's review our sales cadence. We told you on our last call, we ran an 8.8% comp for the last 4 weeks of Q1. In the first 4 weeks of this quarter, our sales accelerated to a 10.7% comp. As the holidays arrived, we saw further acceleration, which was sustained for the balance of the quarter. We ran a 17.5% comp pretty consistently over the last 8 weeks of the quarter. 
This quarter's traffic versus ticket growth was pretty close to split down the middle although ticket was slightly stronger. It was encouraging us for us to see sales inflect upwards starting in January, with both ticket and traffic moving higher. Our ticket growth was stronger this quarter due to hard part sales mixing higher than what we experienced in the first quarter. 
Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and our AutoZoners. Throughout the pandemic, we continue to follow all the national, state and local mandates and ordinances and have always kept close tabs on the CDC guidelines. We continue to require masks entering our facilities, performed questionnaires of our team members and take many other safeguards like enhanced cleaning protocols, providing masks, hand sanitizers and other PPE to our AutoZoners to ensure safe shopping and work environments. And just last week, we announced that we would provide every AutoZoner with a $100 reward once they completed their vaccination for COVID-19. That's every AutoZoner, including part-timers. This is just the next logical step in our efforts to provide a safe, working and shopping environment. 
I continue to be inspired by our Board and our management team's commitment to doing what is right: putting safety first. You see, our values and our culture have been in full force and effect over the last year in this pandemic.
Addressing our supply chain, we've done a solid job with handling the extra demand, and our in-stock levels have continued to improve. To provide a little more color on industry drivers of our sales performance this quarter, I remind you that we were anxious to see what would happen as we got further and further away from the enhanced unemployment benefits that ended last July. In the first week of January, over $100 billion of stimulus was distributed to Americans. The majority of these funds was for the onetime checks as part of the $600 billion stimulus package passed in late December. While smaller in size than the April disbursements, we did see our business pick up nicely, and our sales remained elevated throughout the remainder of the quarter. While we continue to be encouraged with the current selling environment, we feel any additional stimulus should lead to a strong sales environment.
During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are. Across both our retail and commercial customer bases, we saw the majority of the country perform well with the Midwest and Northeastern markets underperforming the others pretty consistently. Again, these markets, which represent just over 25% of our store base, were solid but not as strong as the remaining markets. For example, the spread in comp sales between these markets and the others was approximately 300 basis points for the quarter. We believe the separation was due to lingering effects of a mild winter last year and colder weather happening later this winter. But winter did come this year. Boy, did it, and the performance gap closed. 
So we are encouraged about the summertime and believe we won't have to discuss why mild winter affected comp sales during our upcoming fourth quarter. And I could not be more proud to say that based on the retail sales data we have for our industry, we continue to experience historically unprecedented share gains. The data shows the industry has been growing in the mid-single-digit range with our sales closer to 3x the industry's growth rate. While we are thrilled to have these share gains now, our charge remains to maintain them heading into the spring and summer months.
I'm sure many of you would like to know how we're thinking about sales for both the third and fourth quarters of fiscal '21. I'll remind you that, typically, in recessionary environments, our business is remarkably resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical. Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional shopping experience. We are optimistic about the sales environment heading into the third fiscal quarter, but we will obviously have a much more difficult comparison in the fourth fiscal quarter as last year's fourth quarter benefited from the April 2020 stimulus package. 
For now, it remains difficult for us to predict sales for the remainder of the year. This is especially true for the fourth quarter of this year when we were up against the fourth quarter of previous year's 21.8% comp store sales growth. While we continue to expect our sales growth will moderate over time, we believe our products and services will be in high demand during these more difficult economic times. 
Over the long term, if the economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we continue to believe our customers will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles. These time periods have benefited our business in the past, retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions. Last quarter, we reminded you the strongest periods we'd experienced of outside sales growth over the last 3 decades have been the early '90s, '01 and '02, '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary environments. Therefore, we remain optimistic on the industry this upcoming year. 
Interestingly, after each of those outsized growth periods, they have never been followed by equivalent declines in the years that follow. We believe consumer behaviors changed during these recessionary periods, allowing us to showcase our skills and capabilities to new customers, and we retained many of those customers in the years that followed.
Now let's move into more specifics on our performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 15.2% versus last year's second quarter. Our net income was $346 million, and our EPS was $14.93 a share, 20.5% above last year. Sales were higher than we forecasted at the beginning of the quarter and certainly higher than historic norms. Both our retail and commercial businesses showed strength in the quarter with DIY same-store sales up approximately 16% and commercial total sales growth of approximately 15%. 
For commercial, we averaged over $53 million in weekly sales, which was over $10,500 in sales per program per week. While average weekly sales per program decelerated from last quarter, that is normal as the winter months are lower selling months for us. Moving forward, we remain very encouraged with what we are doing within our commercial business. The initiatives we have in place are helping our sales. I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75 billion market, and we believe our product and service offerings provide us a tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time.
While there were some geographical differences this quarter, there continue to be interesting trends across our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales force categories continue to be strong with categories like tools, antifreeze, small repair and floor mats showing strength. But our hard parts business definitely picked up. In fact, our hard parts business comped in line with our sales floor for the quarter. This is the first quarter since the pandemic began where we saw our hard parts grow in line with sales floor.
While business improved in many merchandise categories, such as batteries, categories like brakes and rotors are not comping as high as the overall business. We believe this performance gap with certain categories will close as miles driven continue to improve. As for this year's winter, it was late arriving, but it did arrive. Overall, we view the winter as not having a material impact on our upcoming spring and summer business one way or the other.
We expect that our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge will moderate over time. However, we will continue to invest in growth initiatives in both our retail and commercial that position us well for the future. In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult economic times, and this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our prospects.
On last quarter's call, we announced we would be expensing additional payroll during the second quarter. The additional expense was to provide our AutoZoners with more emergency time-off. While this is the second time in our history we've offered ETO benefits, we believe it is the least we could do to support our AutoZoners in the field. This extra time-off award has been enthusiastically embraced by our team. Our AutoZoners have the right to use the benefits to address medical emergencies, take time off to get the vaccine, take additional paid vacation time-off or wait until the end of the calendar year and get paid what remains in their incremental vacation bank. In January, we paid out $31 million to AutoZoners who didn't utilize the ETO we offered them back in March of 2020. I have to tell you it was an honor to provide these AutoZoners with sizable checks in recognition of their heroic efforts. We feel this is a very important investment in our AutoZoners and in their safety. I'm exceptionally proud to work with a team of leaders and a Board of Directors who ensure we live consistent with our stated values. 
Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere, and I have to take a moment and recognize you. Your grasp of the fundamentals of this business in less than 6 months is extraordinary, and thank you for being here. We're so glad you joined the team. 
These continue to be unique and extraordinary times, and they continue to require us to look at many things differently while managing our business day to day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We are fortunate to have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families or simply get back and forth to school. They've worked exceptionally well to deliver on our commitments thus far, but we must stay focused, and we must continue to deliver. There are no layups. We must continue to innovate and we must continue to execute. 
Our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well. We understand trends will slow in the future. We're going to work. We're going to work as hard as possible to gain as much share as possible and limit our headwinds, and we continue to see a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic commercial business. Our business continues to do very well, and we are still in the early innings of growth. But as always, we have work to do as we head into our spring selling season. 
First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and our customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be measured by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now. 
Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on AutoZone. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Well, thank you for the question, Michael. Yes. As you've seen over time, we've been very artful in how we've been able to manage gross margin for not just years but decades. We found some particular specific opportunities where we found places to invest and improve our value proposition to our customers. They're very specific pieces, both in the retail business and the commercial business.
I don't know exactly what's going to happen a year from now. Our team is going to continue to innovate. We are constantly raising prices, and we are constantly lowering prices, trying to find that sweet spot where our customers value -- the value that they're getting the best. So I don't know exactly what it's going to be over the long term.
But if you recap what Jamere said, the gross margin, we had about 40 basis points, which was a onetime negative from last year. So all the things that were embedded in there, of which price was one of them, accumulated to 40 basis points. Frankly, I'm not that smart to know what the gross margin is going to be within 40 basis points 2 or 3 years from now.

Yes. We talked, I guess, probably 3 years ago that we were embarking on a new commercial study, and we developed a new strategy that we began rolling out probably 18 months or so ago. And we're still in the early innings of rolling out that strategy. It has many different elements. I mean this Hub and Mega-Hub portion of the strategy, which is taking years, but it is making a meaningful difference, a very meaningful difference in our ability to say yes to our customers. And it's leaning towards commercial, although it's helping DIY tremendously as well. That's an element of it.
We've rolled out new technology in our commercial business, handheld technology, which allows us to be able to better understand what our delivery times are and manage our delivery times better. We're significantly already reduced our delivery times in the last 6 months, and we think we have more room to go. We've also enhanced our website and our ability to communicate and be easy to do business with, with our commercial customers. So I don't think it's -- and then, of course, the ongoing evolution and building of the Duralast brand. 
So it's not one individual issue. It's an amalgamation of all these different issues coming together and improving our competitive position. Not to mention, during the global pandemic and the stay-at-home and safe-at-home orders, we were there for our customers every day. And that allowed us to introduce ourselves at a different level to some customers, and I think that has resulted in stickier long-term relationships.

Let me add to that for just a second, too. You mentioned loyalty, and we don't know what's going to happen to loyalty costs as we go forward. The reason our loyalty costs are up is because our customers are doing more repeat business with us. The biggest part of our growth is coming from existing customers returning to our stores more frequently. We are tickled to death with that. I hope it continues next year and is another pressure point because it means we're gaining additional share, and it's a very profitable share gain for us.

Absolutely. And yes, you're right. There's a temporary -- while people are locked down, our business suffers and suffers significantly. But when things warm up, our business rebounds immediately and for a sustained period of time. More importantly, those conditions put significant incremental wear and tear on certain undercar parts. And there's a lag effect that will typically last 9 months or so for us, and it's something we were talking about before the pandemic, the fact that our business was expected to be soft last spring and summer because we had a mild winter. Well, when the pandemic hit, that changed everything. But this year, we shouldn't have to be talking about a mild winter dampening our results in the spring and summer.

Yes, terrific question. Yes. You have to bifurcate it between what's going on in the retail sector versus what's going on in the commercial sector, both of which we're gaining share 2 or 3x -- we're growing 2 or 3x faster than the industry growth rates by all indications we have. We have really good data on the retail share gains. We don't have as good a data, but we can look at headline growth numbers in the commercial gains.
On retail, we are picking up a lot of share from what's traditionally, we believe, in the mass channel. I think a lot of people are not frequenting those large stores at the same rate that they did in the past. And what we're focused on is making sure, as we're getting those incremental visits, that we are going above and beyond, so we get those visits in the future.
I think also, as this brick-and-mortar omnichannel strategy comes to place, I think we're also not losing share that we might have been losing before to the online channel, and in fact, maybe gaining some of that share back over time. 
In the commercial sector, I think it's hard to say where the share is coming from. We are less than 4% market share in the commercial industry today. I think it's likely coming from probably multiple different places. We certainly have intensified our understanding of what the wholesale distributor market is doing, and we're paying more attention to them and our competitive analysis and building our strategy. And we think that over time, we've significantly changed our competitive position, particularly against the WDs. You think about what we've done with assortment, what we've done building a sales force. Now we've got this technology that we have in place, which is going to improve our deliveries, I think that our competitive positioning in the marketplace is vastly different than what it was 4, 5 years ago.

Yes. Certainly, Bret. We've experienced significant supply chain disruptions over the last 11 months. Certainly a lot less today than we had, call it, June, July, August. I think I mentioned on one of these calls, we couldn't get sandpaper for a while. We had trouble with fuses. We had trouble with tools. I mean we just had such enormous surges in certain parts of our business that we couldn't keep up, and many of those came with an extended supply chain that ran into China or Asia.
We've worked through most of those. I have to give our team and our battery suppliers some kudos that the battery business has been as strong as it's been for as long as it's been. And then we had this huge, cold surge or cold snap, and we did just fine. Our team was very creative and worked with lots of different suppliers to make sure we were in good shape. So we don't have any acute needs right now. Some issues on the edges. Our in-stock position has significantly improved, but it's not back to our normal levels yet, probably going to take a few more months.

That's a terrific question, Seth. I'm not sure how to answer it all. Clearly, I think we talked that we were worried. If anything, we might have pulled forward some battery business because those cars parked last spring, and they sat for 5 or 6 weeks. As soon as the safer-at-home orders went away, our battery business boomed. But that battery business has sustained really high levels ever since. We've seen no dip in our battery business. We've seen weeks where we're going up against tough winter weather where it might be softer. But overall, it has exceeded our expectations over the last 11 months.
As far as sustainability of these sales surges, the thing that keeps resonating with me is if you think about our business over really long periods of time, when our customers have incremental time, and specifically, incremental money, our business outperforms normal periods of time. And it's been that way for the last decade when we get tax refunds. How much have we talked in this environment about the surge we see during tax refund season, which is just beginning right now? We've seen it every single year. And when tax refunds moved back 3 weeks, we had to spend a lot of time talking about it because it moved out of 1 quarter into another quarter.
It's just evidence that when our customer, who I often term is financially fragile, when they get some incremental dollars, we seem to get a disproportionate share of those funds. And we saw it again in January when the stimulus came out. It wasn't nearly the stimulus that we saw last April. But within a day, we saw that those funds showing up in significantly improved business for us. And that sustained itself through the end of the quarter.
Now we're talking about another stimulus, which could -- frankly can dwarf what happened last April. If that comes, what does that mean to our business? All the indications we have is it would be very strong for our business because each time we've seen those incremental dollars, our business has performed better than normal.

Yes. I don't think the stimulus plays nearly as much in the commercial business as it does the DIY business. And I think most of the end consumers in the commercial business are higher socioeconomic -- higher up on the socioeconomic ladder. So that incremental money doesn't mean as much to them. Both businesses were doing really well. Commercial is continuing to rebound. 
But there are still elements of the commercial business that aren't as strong as they were pre-pandemic, particularly some of our national account players, the up-and-down-the-street business has been stronger than the national account business. And again, I think that, that has to do with the end consumer that is servicing or picking the UDS business versus picking the national account business.

Yes. I don't think we've really seen any significant category shifts. I mentioned the battery business has been particularly strong. We've seen -- we talked about the sales floor business being really strong. What we have seen in recent -- in this quarter is a resurgence of our hard parts business, in particular some of the failure-related items. I think some of that has to do with actually getting into winter and having a more normal winter this year. 
We've also talked about our maintenance products not being at the same levels that we're experiencing the rest of our business, things like brakes and rotors and the like. And I think that that's personally a hold on from the lack of winter last year and the fact that miles driven are down and those maintenance items for some of the higher socioeconomic groups may be negatively impacted.

Yes. Great. There's a lot to unpack there, Mike. Thank you for the question. I really hate this new setup with Bill and Jamere. Used to, if somebody said Bill, and it was a hard question, I would just look at Giles and let him answer it. But you put it on me this time. 
So let's talk about our digital business. In the commercial sector, it's not like the retail system where customers really picking a channel. They're picking the way they want to order parts. So there are 2 primary ways they order parts. They pick up a phone and call us or they go online and click buttons, and we fulfill it the exact same way, regardless of how they initially interact with us. We've been doing a lot of work trying to make -- doing it digitally with us easier, and we've made significant strides. Really proud of the team that's been doing that work over the last couple of years, in particular. 
And we've also made a lot of other back-office things easier for the customer. We've also done some work with ALLDATA to make ALLDATA more ingrained in the purchase decision with the customer. So I'm really pleased where we are with that. And we are seeing significant growth, but the vast majority of our interactions with customers today are still over the phone. We believe and hope, over time, that our percentage of digital penetration in the commercial business will continue to increase at a pretty rapid pace. 
On the retail side of the business, we kind of have 3 different businesses that we interact with. We have Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store. We have traditional ship to home, which comes out of our fulfillment center; or we have next-day delivery, which is the program that you mentioned with FedEx, where we're leveraging our Hubs and Mega-Hubs. And customers can order with us as late as 10 p.m., midnight in a couple of markets, and we'll have it on their doorstep the next day. 
Each 1 of those 3 businesses is growing significantly, really high rates faster than the rest of the business. But our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store is growing at twice the rate of our ship to home and next-day delivery business. And that, again, shows us, once again, and remember, the way we price in the online world, if you do ship to home or next-day delivery, on most purchases, you can generally get a 20% discount. But our customers are electing to do Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store with us at twice the growth rate of ship to home or next-day delivery, which again proves to us the notion that we have to be an omnichannel provider. We've got to have great stores and great customer touch points. Convenience and knowledge that our AutoZoners provide to our customers is very valuable to our customers. So I hope I unpacked that okay for you.

Right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take just a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress, like always, that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. 
Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day and stay safe.