Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.  
Regarding the fourth quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly Earnings Conference Calls to see them.  
As I have said previously, throughout the pandemic, we could not deliver the kind of results we have without the outstanding performance of our entire team, especially our store and supply chain AutoZoners. As our sales volumes have remained at historic all-time highs, our AutoZoners continue to enthusiastically meet and embrace the challenge. As we say, they're going the extra mile for our customers, and we owe them a tremendous debt of gratitude.  
I also want to reiterate our highest priority remains being committed to keeping all of our customers and AutoZoners safe. Thank you, AutoZoners. Again, you are remarkable.  
This morning, we will review our overall same-store sales, DIY versus DIFM trends, sales cadence over the 16 weeks of the quarter, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. We will also share how inflation is affecting our cost, impact business for the remainder of the calendar year. 
Okay, on to our sales results. Our domestic same-store sales were an impressive 4.3% this quarter on top of last year's historic 21.8% growth. This time last year, we had no vision, none, of delivering a positive comp this quarter, but our team once again performed at an exceptionally high level. Congratulations again to AutoZoners everywhere.  
Our growth rates for retail and commercial were both strong, with domestic commercial growth north of 21%. Our Commercial business set a record this quarter with $1.2 billion in sales for the quarter, an incredible accomplishment. Additionally, we reached a new milestone in commercial sales surpassing $3 billion for the year, finishing with over $3.3 billion in annual sales versus $2.7 billion in sales a year ago, an impressive 23% increase. 
We set new records in annual sales volumes per store reaching $12,600 for the year, up from $10,600 just last year. We continue to execute well in commercial, and we couldn't be more proud of our team's recent success.  
I'm also very proud of our organization on our domestic DIY performance. We ran a roughly flat comp this quarter after increasing well over 20% in last year's fourth quarter. While our DIY 2-year stack comp decelerated some from the third quarter, we were expecting substantially more deceleration as we got further and further from the last round of stimulus back in March. We were quite pleased with the stability of our 2-year stack same-store sales.  
In commercial, on a 2-year basis, our sales were very consistent with last year's performance -- sorry, last few quarter's performance.  
Now let's focus on our sales cadence. This quarter stretched from early May to the end of August. The first 8 weeks of the quarter our comp was 3.1%. In the last 8 weeks, our comp averaged 5.5%. The strength in the back half of the quarter was attributable to easier comparisons to last year. Given the dynamics of the past 18 months, we, like others who benefited from the lumpiness of the pandemic sales, believe it is more insightful to look at a 2-year stack comp. 
For Q4, our 2-year comp was 26.0%. On a 2-year basis, our cadence for each 4-week period of the quarter was 26.8%, 28.2%, 25.5% and 24.0%. Our 2-year comp sales trends were remarkably strong and fairly consistent across the quarter.
Regarding weather, we experienced a noticeably warmer summer out west than in previous years, which helped our sales. But we experienced a milder summer in the Midwest and Northeast, which drove our sales to underperform the chain there. Overall, weather impacts were neutral on our performance.  
Regarding the quarter's traffic versus ticket growth, our retail traffic was down roughly 4%, while our retail ticket was up 3%. This was expected as stimulus, stay-at-home orders and closures of big-box retail automotive service departments drove outsized traffic last year. 
Our commercial business saw the vast majority of growth come from transaction growth from new and existing customers. It was encouraging for us to see sales trends remain strong this quarter, and we like the momentum we are seeing in both domestic businesses heading into fiscal year '22.  
During the quarter, there were some geographic regions that did better than others, as there always are. Across both our retail and commercial customer bases, we saw the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern markets underperform roughly 400 basis points in comp versus the remainder of the country. 
The data suggests that we have actually gained some share in these markets. However, we believe the milder summer weather was a large contributor to our sales comp results there. And across the country, in retail, our share trends remain strong despite the reopening of big-box retailers' automotive service departments that were closed this time last year.  
We have been very pleased that we have retained the roughly 10% market share we gained in our retail sales floor business last year. Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. On Q2's call, we shared that we would provide every AutoZoner with $100 incentive once they completed their vaccination for COVID-19. That's every AutoZoner, including part-timers. This was the logical next step in our efforts to provide a safe working and shopping environment as we have with our ongoing PPP efforts. We spent another $2.7 million in the fourth quarter, reimbursing our AutoZoners for the vaccine.  
I continue to be inspired by our Board and management team's commitment to doing what is right, putting safety first while caring deeply for our AutoZoners. We are strongly encouraging our AutoZoners to get the vaccine as our culture and values of taking care of one another have been on display for the past 18 months.  
Now let's move into more specifics on our performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 4.3% versus last year's fourth quarter. Our net income was $786 million, and our EPS was $35.72 a share, 15.5% above last year's fourth quarter. Our domestic retail same-store sales were down slightly for the quarter, while our commercial business remained remarkably strong. 
Commercial total sales grew approximately 21%. We averaged $74 million in weekly sales, which was approximately $14,400 in sales per program per week, which was easily an all-time record for us. The initiatives that we have in place are meaningfully helping our commercial business.  
I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75 billion market, and we believe our product and service offerings provide us a tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time.  
Next, I'll talk about trends across our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales floor categories continue to outpace the hard part categories with categories like wipers, fluids and lighting, all showing strength. Our hard parts, this was in line with our expectations and ran roughly flat with last year. We were especially pleased as last year our hard parts business was very strong, especially in categories like batteries. We believe our hard parts business will continue to strengthen as our customers drive more.  
Let me also address what we are seeing from inflation and pricing in our space. This quarter, we saw our retail sales impacted positively by about 2% year-over-year from inflation while our cost of goods was basically flat. We believe both numbers will be higher in the first quarter as cost increases in many merchandise categories worked their way through the system. 
We could see low single-digit inflation in retail as rising raw material, labor and transportation costs are impacting us and our suppliers. We have no way to say how long it will last, but our industry has been disciplined about pricing for decades.  
While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, it is difficult to forecast near-term sales. What I will say is this past quarter sales were better than we expected, and we exited the fiscal year with strong fundamentals in our business. For FY '22, our sales performance will be led by the continued strength in our commercial business as we execute on our initiatives. 
Both DIY and commercial had gained considerable share that we are maintaining and we believe that we are in an industry that is positioned for solid growth for the long term. We will earn our fair share and we hope to exceed expectations.  
In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult economic times, and this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our prospects. As we progress through the year, we will, as always, be transparent about what we are seeing and provide color on our markets and outlook as trends emerge.  
Now, I'll turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere, and nice job. Also, congratulations on your 1-year AutoZone anniversary that you celebrated last week.

As we start a new fiscal year, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our operating theme for the new year. It is, go the extra mile. And we will be hosting our Annual National Sales Meeting here in Memphis next week to formally announce this theme. Being in person for the first time in 2 years, yes, we are going to host our AutoZoners who are vaccinated and wearing masks in person, and we are going to celebrate all they have accomplished over the past 2 years. I can't tell you how excited I am about next week.  
2022 will again be focused on superior customer service and flawless execution. In fiscal '22, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. We will be announcing some significant expansions to our supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses. We are also targeting to open 20 new domestic Mega-Hubs in the U.S. that will enhance our ability and support growth in our retail and commercial businesses. 
We will open approximately 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable acceleration in our Brazil business. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our industry and our own growth prospects. We are being disciplined, yet we are being aggressive. 
Lastly, I want to reiterate how proud I am of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. At the start of the pandemic last year, we could never have guessed the positive impact it would have on our sales. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. 
And secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now. And we welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on AutoZone. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes, terrific. So I'm going to bifurcate it and talk about retail and then come back and talk about commercial. And then Jamere, you'll jump in and clarify any things, if I miss it, sorry I had a mask on. 
First of all, on the retail business, we have very quantifiable data that we receive. It is not on the hard parts business. So think about it as everything in front of a parts counter, including batteries and spark -- and plus batteries and spark plugs. So we have real live data that is a larger set of data than just our traditional close-in competitors. So we have facts there. 
We grew share very significantly this time last year. And as we began to lap those largest share gains in our company's history, we anticipated we might lose some of that share. We haven't lost any of it. I mean it's on the margin. It's slightly positive, slightly negative month-to-month. But we basically grew our share in that data set by 10%. So we moved from roughly 30% share to 33% share. I've never seen anything like that, and I'm really proud of our organization for sustaining that share over time. 
On the commercial side of the business, we don't have that kind of quantifiable data. But we obviously look at what's going on in the overall market. We look at what's going on with our close-in competitors and other competitors. And it's pretty clear when you're growing at these kind of growth rates that we are significantly outgrowing the market probably by multiples, 2 or 3x the market growth. 
Where all is it coming from? You probably have as good insights into that as we do. We look at the publicly available data. We see that we're doing very, very well in both the retail business and the commercial business. I think the standout for us right now is the growth that we have in the commercial business. And our belief is it's because of not the pandemic. It's because of the initiatives that we've embarked on over the last 3 years as we implemented this latest round of strategy, where we're really working on making sure we've got the best parts coverage. We're continuing to amplify the Duralast brand. 
We've got great people doing great things. We're rolling out our Mega-Hub strategy. Now we've implemented some technology to help us be more efficient. And we've also made sure that we're priced right, not necessarily versus our close-in competitors, but we've looked deeper and looked at the warehouse distributors and making sure that our value proposition is appropriate for the kind of service that we're delivering. So those are my thoughts, Jamere, do you have anything to add?

Yes. We're not seeing it at that level yet, Greg. I think we will see it at that level. As you know, it takes some time for those price increases to work themselves through the system. And right now is a little bit different in that you're seeing direct product cost inflation, but the hyperinflation that we're seeing, frankly, is in the transportation, or not directly in all the product cost. 
And so we're having to be thoughtful about how do we ultimately pass those price increases or cost increases on through retail prices in both the retail and the commercial businesses. We think that you will see it more in the range you're talking about in Q1 and Q2, if not, even a bit higher, but that seems to be where we're headed.

No, there are absolutely significant issues in getting products. This -- we are running the lowest level of in-stock that I can ever remember. It's 3% or 4% below where we normally run. It moves from one category to the other. This is the most difficult supply chain environment that I have ever seen. 
But I will tell you, our supply chain and merchants are working it so well and so closely with our vendors and finding new suppliers along the way where we have to in the spot market or other areas, that I think we are doing competitively. And when I say competitive, I'm talking about retail in general. I'm very proud of where we are, but very dissatisfied with it on a historical basis.

Yes. And Greg, I think we looked at our outperformance versus the market in both retail and commercial. The one piece that we really didn't highlight that I would highlight is AutoZone has been known as an execution machine for decades, long before I got here. And I think that our core flawless execution has been a big contributor to our success over the last 18 months in these uncertain times.

It's a terrific question, Michael. I'll take the first part. I'll let Jamere figure out the second part. On the sales side, your logic is very sound. If you look at the -- our business overall is up roughly 25% versus pre-pandemic levels. You've been watching this industry for a long time. I've been watching it longer. And it's generally a nice grower, but the industry grows around 4% a year to grow 25% over 18 months is pretty phenomenal. 
I think as we've said in our prepared comments, we expected our sales to step down some this summer. We saw the last round of stimulus in March. Every time we've seen stimulus, we can see a direct correlation to our sales really grow to exponential rate when that happens and then tail off some, but they never go back to where they were. 
And we spend a lot of time talking about the share gains that we have seen because we do think that, that is beyond what's going on with COVID. I think it's somewhat related to COVID, in that our teams have done a really, really good job of making sure that we have product, of making sure that our customers and our AutoZoners feel safe in our stores. 
I would -- we spent a lot of money making sure that we create a safe environment in our stores, and I would encourage you all to go in our stores and go look at us versus our competitors, go look at us versus other retailers. It is a very -- in this interesting time, a very comfortable shopping environment, as comfortable as you can find, I believe. 
And so I think that customers have changed their shopping behaviors, they're not necessarily wanting to go to a big-box store. I think there are some online retailers that deemphasize this category during the pandemic. And fortunately for us, we don't give guidance because it would be very difficult to tell you what's going to happen in Q3 or Q4, just like it would have been difficult to tell you this time last year, what would happen in Q4 this year. 
We are very confident that we will win in the marketplace by leveraging our flawless execution. The industry trends will be the industry trends, but I would refer you all back to -- think about on a long-term historical basis, there have been before this period 3 times in my career where I've seen substantially above-industry performance -- or industry performance above the norm. And that was in '93 and '94, '01 and '02, '09, '10 and '11. All of those were coming out of very difficult economic environments. This pandemic seems to be behaving a lot like that, just in an exponential fashion. 
What was the interesting thing out of those most -- the best times that we've seen was, following each one of those times, we didn't step back down as an industry to where the performance was before. We only have some step down as an industry? Maybe. But I don't expect it, and I certainly don't expect AutoZone to go back to the levels that we were performing at before. 
Will it step back a little bit? Maybe. I don't know. Because this is unchartered waters. But I do think we have reintroduced ourselves to some customers. And I think our existing customers have started relying on us on a frequent basis. And I believe many of those shopping habits will have changed forever. 
On the commercial side of the business, I think it's somewhat related to the pandemic. I think we're winning in a big way in the marketplace. I think we have changed our competitive position because of all the initiatives that we have. So I am and I think we are quite bullish on the long term of the commercial business. I'll let you talk about the P&L.

Yes. I think we're not projecting that we're going to get back to any particular level, Michael. I think what we are saying is, for the most part, the actions that we have taken in retail are done. Many of those actions are behind us. We are very pleased with the competitive position that we have. We've always been pleased with our competitive position with our close-in competitors, but we've looked a little bit beyond that to those competitors that I'll call are half a step away. 
In the commercial business, we took much more significant pricing actions, and they were on the margin in DIY. They were fairly significant in commercial. But we finished those actions at the beginning of this past quarter, call it, June. So -- and those took some time to roll in. We started it with 6 markets, and we went to 14 markets, and we rolled it to the chain. So we're beginning to annualize the first smaller tranches of that. And we will annualize that in the beginning of next year's fourth quarter. 
We feel really good, really good about the actions that we've taken. They are an element, not the element of our strategy. But as you can see in our commercial performance, we're winning in the marketplace in a big way. So we will annualize that in 9 months or so. We do not have the next tranche of pricing strategies that we are planning to do in DIY or in commercial. This was -- this is what we wanted to do, and I think we're very pleased with how both have played out.

I think you said it better than I, Simeon. The only thing that I would add to it is, and you mentioned mix, if our commercial business continues to grow at a substantially accelerated rate versus our retail business, that will provide an incremental headwind.

Yes, it's an interesting way. I would have told you FY '22 would have been the normalized year this time last year, Simeon. But I just can't tell you what's going to happen in the environment. I mean we're sitting here take -- we got people with mask on, Jamere and I have taken our mask on and off to answer questions. I would have never dreamt we were here in June, right? We all took our mask off and we were done with them. And here we are with Delta variant. I can't tell you what's going to be in front of us. 
I do think the algorithm of the company is not going to change. The only thing that you highlight that is different right now is we will spend a little bit more on CapEx. One of the things that we've learned is that we probably operated our supply chain to the optimal level, as I keep calling it, to 3 decimal points. We didn't plan our supply chain to have sustained 25% surge in volume for 18 months. That has put an enormous strain on our facilities, more importantly, on our people. 
So as we think about the future, we're going to be a little bit more aggressive. We're going to have a little bit more capacity in our supply chain to handle the volatility that we have seen for the first time in my career over this period of time. 
So that will be over a couple of year period, probably a couple of hundred million dollars a year in incremental capital that we'll spend. But as we've said all along, our capital allocation strategy is: one, continue to invest in the existing assets that we have, to have them perform at an optimal level. Two, invest in every growth aspect that we can that will provide us a reasonable IRR. And then three, whatever we have left over we'll return to shareholders. That algorithm is going to stay the same. 
I hope, in 2023, we're back to whatever normal is. It will be interesting to see what happens in the sales environment as we enter whatever the new normal is. I can understand people think that the sales environment might be challenged as we lap these enormous growth in FY '20 and '21. 
I would have thought the same thing a year ago. I'm getting more and more confident that some of this is structural and some of this is permanent. What percentage? Your guess is as good as mine. I've never seen a global pandemic before.

Yes. We really haven't disclosed our average entry-level wage. But what I will tell you is, for the last 4 years, I've been talking about we've been operating in a toughest labor end market I have ever seen, and our wage inflation has been significant. It has basically doubled the wage inflation during this period of time. It is very, very difficult to get new AutoZoners to join the company. I hear that from all of our retail peers. 
Fortunately, in the last 5 weeks or so, things have changed a little bit. I don't know if that's directly related to the change in enhanced unemployment or not, but we have seen a meaningful improvement in the ability to hire people in both the distribution centers and the stores over time. But we are dealing with the most significant inflation in the labor market that I've ever seen and really don't anticipate that slowing down materially until the labor market frees up some.

Thank you. Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We'll continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize shareholder value in FY '22 and beyond. 
We thank you for participating in today's call -- today's call. Have a great fall.