Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 First Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jamere Jackson, Chief Financial Officer Elect; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax. 
Regarding the first quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website at www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly earnings conference calls to see them. 
Since our last earnings release in late September, much of the world's attention remains focused on COVID-19, including its current and future implications for communities, businesses and markets. These times remain extraordinary for all of us. From the start of the pandemic through this quarter, our team has had to deal with challenges unlike any we have seen in our company's history. While at the start of the pandemic, our sales dipped, we performed quite well once economic stimulus was implemented in the U.S. and Americans began to drive more. By mid-April, our business began to strengthen and reached an apex last quarter when we reported 21.8% same-store sales, the best same-store sales performance in our company's rich history. 
For this quarter, ending in late November, we are proud to report a 12.3% same-store sales, another historically strong performance. While last quarter's sales were more consistent, particularly across the first 12 weeks of the 16-week quarter, this quarter was a bit less so. Considering the meaningful volatility resulting from pandemic and economic responses, we are sharing our same-store sales cadence for each 4-week period of the quarter. We were up 16.5%, then up 11.4%, ending up 8.8% in the last 4 weeks. The deceleration appears to be related to a combination of normal seasonality and how far away we were from the benefits of economic stimulus. 
This quarter's traffic was far more beneficial to same-store sales than ticket growth by quite a wide margin. When we talked in September, we could not have effectively forecasted our growth for this quarter's same-store sales, albeit, we would have been much closer than we would have forecasted Q4 at the beginning of that quarter. We are continuing to learn as we go. In Q1, we felt we would see substantial above-normal growth, but we wouldn't have thought double-digit same-store sales. 
Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and our AutoZoners. Throughout the pandemic, we've continued to follow the myriad of national, state and local mandates and ordinances and have always kept close tabs on the CDC guidelines. We require a mask entering our facilities, perform questionnaires of our team and take many other safeguards like enhanced cleaning protocols, providing mask, hand sanitizers and other PPE to our AutoZoners to ensure safe shopping and work environments. 
Last quarter, we talked about the pressure our supply chain was experiencing to make sure we were in stock and replenishing the stores on a timely basis. I am very happy to say, today, we feel we've made significant progress in this area. Our in-stocks are much improved, and our supply chain and most of our vendor partners have done an exceptional job reacting to the unprecedented surge in volumes that have now lasted 6-plus months. The progress has been significant. But at the end of the quarter, we had only closed about half of the gap from our debts to our normal levels of in-stock. 
To provide a little more color on the drivers of our sales performance this quarter, I remind you that we were anxious to see what would happen as we got further away from the enhanced unemployment benefits. While the initial stimulus package ended at the end of July, there were still funds being distributed on a state-by-state basis at lower levels this fall. As you recall, last quarter, we reported finishing the quarter with comp sales running up 16.5%. And you can see we remain strong for this quarter. While our enhanced sales growth declined over the quarter, to still historically high levels, we believe the noise around the election, the reemergence of COVID in many areas and the beginnings of seasonal weather patterns hurt foot traffic, particularly in the last 4-week period. While it remains extremely hard to predict sales performance in the near term, we believe the fundamentals of our business remain quite strong. 
During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others, as there always are, but all of our regions performed well. And I could not be more proud to say that based on the retail sales for customer segment data we have, we continue to experience historically unprecedented share gains. Historically unprecedented share gains. The data shows the industry has been growing in the high digits, and our sales have been growing at close to double that rate for these categories. 
While we are thrilled to have these share gains today, our charge is to determine how we maintain them. I'm sure many of you would like to know how we are thinking about sales for both the second quarter and the balance for fiscal '21. I'll remind you that typically in recessionary environments, our business is remarkably resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical. There simply are too many remaining unknowns like will the federal government pass a second round of stimulus. And when will the vaccine be distributed? And how effective will it be? What consumer behaviors have changed temporarily? Which ones have changed permanently? All of this creates uncertainty, but our focus on execution remains the same. 
Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional shopping experience. For the long term, we remain bullish on the health of our industry. And if the economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we continue to believe our customers will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles. These time periods have benefited our business in the past, retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions. 
Last quarter, I reminded folks, the strongest periods we experienced of outsized sales growth over the last 3 decades have been the early '90s, '01, '02, '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary periods. Therefore, we remain optimistic on the industry this upcoming year. Interestingly, after each of these outsized growth periods, they have never been followed by equivalent declines in the years that follow. We believe consumer behaviors change during these recessionary periods, allowing us to showcase our skills and capabilities to new customers. And we've retained many of those customers in the years that follow. I would be remiss if I did not thank our AutoZoners for their exceptional efforts. 
While I appraised our entire organization, from our stores to our distribution centers, from the U.S. to Mexico to Brazil, and all data and our store support teams, I always owe our thanks to our customers who continue to believe in our capabilities to help them with their automotive needs. I couldn't be prouder of our team. As usual, I want to especially recognize, on behalf of every AutoZoner, our store and distribution center AutoZoners. These extraordinary people have been challenged more than they ever could have expected. And they have met every single challenge. Thank you, AutoZoners. You embody everything it means to be an AutoZoner and you deliver on our cultural and service promises every day. 
Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 12.3% versus last year's first quarter. Our net income was $442 million, and our EPS was at $18.61 a share, 30.1% above last year. Sales were higher than we forecasted at the beginning of the quarter. It's certainly higher than historic norms. Both our retail and commercial businesses showed strength in the quarter with DIY same-store sales up approximately 13% and commercial total sales growth of approximately 12%. 
In commercial, we averaged over $58 million in weekly sales, which was over $11,500 in sales per program per week. While average weekly sales per program decelerated from last quarter, that is normal as we change seasons. Moving forward, we expect our commercial business to show continued strength as we execute on our growth initiatives and gain additional share in this space. I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75 billion market, and we believe our product and service offerings provide us tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time. 
While there are some geographical differences this quarter, there continue to be interesting trends across our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales' 4 categories continue to be strong as we believe people have more time and many have more money. Many parts of the economy are still operating at fractions of their normal capacity: Movie theaters, vacation resorts, entertainment venues, hotels and the like. Some Americans have the luxury to "work from home", eliminate their commute. And unfortunately, while vastly improved in the early days of the pandemic, unemployment is still twice the pre-pandemic rate. This extra time and, for some, extra funds have been repurposed to that project card or doing that enhancement job, our customers have been perpetually putting off. 
At the same time, while our sales have increased, in merchandise categories like brakes, rotors and even motor oil, they aren't growing as fast as the rest of the categories due to last year's mild winter and lower current miles driven. We believe miles driven will continue to improve, and maintenance parts will increase as miles driven go up. And we know from history that the muted break in rotor growth is also still being impacted by last year's very mild winter. 
As for this year's winter, all indications we have call for a normal winter. Anything, anything normal in this environment would be welcomed. We expect that our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge will moderate over time. However, we will continue to invest in growth initiatives in both our retail and commercial that position us well for the future. 
In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult economic times, and this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our prospects. One thing we are certain of is our team continues to perform at an exceptional level. I'm so proud of them across the enterprise. We remain focused on providing everyone with the support, encouragement and resources they need to live up to our pledge of always putting customers first. 
Now I'd like to again thank our AutoZoners for their extraordinary efforts during these unprecedented times. In particular, I would like to recognize the tremendous contributions of our store and distribution center AutoZoners and their leaders, who have been there for our customers, external or internal, every day since the beginning of the pandemic. I ask each of you listening to this call to stop for a moment and imagine yourself in a public environment, 5-plus days a week for the last 9 months, helping customers while at the same time, try to keep yourself, your teammates, your customers and ultimately, your own family safe from the virus. Seriously, seriously stop and think about that. That is exactly what our team has done. Our stores haven't closed. Our distribution centers are operating at breakneck speed. Thanks to these AutoZoners in our stores and distribution centers for all they've done. 
In the spring, we implemented something innovative and new for all eligible full- and part-time hourly AutoZoners and ultimately for our store managers and DC advisors. We offer them emergency time off, or ETO, as we call it. In essence, it amounted to 2 extra weeks of vacation to give them the flexibility to ensure their safety, deal with childcare issues, care for a sick family member, or most importantly, stay home, stay home if they were showing any symptoms. It has worked and it's worked exceptionally well. Many of them have used this benefit, while a significant portion have saved it and will receive meaningful payouts, should they choose, next month, an $800 to $1,600 or more bonus for most of our hourly AutoZoners. When we rolled this new benefit out, as you would expect, we shared that it was a onetime extraordinary benefit. But who knew then that the pandemic would still be raging at the turn of the calendar year?
So 2 weeks ago, we announced our team that we would allow them to carry over any unused ETO or be paid out in January at their election, that every single AutoZoner who has unused normal vacation would be allowed to carry it over 6 months past the normal deadline, and most importantly, that we would be extending all eligible full- and part-time hourly AutoZoners, store managers and DC advisors in the U.S. with another week of ETO at the beginning of the new calendar year. This is an expense that will be recognized in our second quarter of approximately $50 million. And as I told our AutoZoners on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving when I made the announcement, it's a large expense, but is more importantly, a tremendous investment in them and their safety. I'm exceptionally proud to work with a team of leaders and a Board of Directors who ensure we live consistent with our stated values. 
Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Bill Giles. Bill?

Thank you, Jamere, and welcome. These continue to be unique and abnormal times. And they've required us to look at many things differently to manage our business day-to-day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While we're learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We are fortunate to have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families or simply get back and forth to school. Our operating theme this year is AutoZone Strong. And I'm honored to say we've come together this year to live this theme like never before. 
While it's impossible for us to know what the cadence of the new year's sales will be, I want to be crystal clear. We plan conservatively in order to manage our cost structure appropriately. While our domestic retail business continues to do very well, we understand trends will slow in the future, but we believe we have a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic commercial business. While we understand these things, we also feel we are well positioned for continued future share gain opportunities across all the business segments we operate.
Our business continues to do very well. But as always, we have work to do as we start calendar 2021. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be measured by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, bullish on AutoZone. 
Before we proceed to Q&A, I want to take the liberty to publicly thank 2 exceptional leaders. Over 37 years ago, Bill Hackney followed in his father's footsteps and joined this extraordinary enterprise. And over those 37-plus years, Bill leveraged his knowledge of virtually every part of this business and its deep understanding of our customers to our and our customers' benefit. He will be missed. 
And almost 15 years ago, Bill Giles traded home goods for auto parts and boy, weren't we fortunate. I've had the honor to partner with Bill ever since he joined the company. How many CEOs have the privilege to host 59 consecutive earnings release calls with the same world-class CFO? Bill has been a great team member and adviser for our entire organization. And we thank you, Bill. 
While we will miss both of them, as our founder's father, J.R. Hyde, Jr., often said, "No individual builds a business. They build an organization, and the organization builds the business." Both of these AutoZoners for life have embraced that mentality and built tremendous teams. We wish you and your families the best of luck in your next chapter, and thank you for all you've done for each of us. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes. Thank you for the question, Bret. On the commercial side of the business, you've seen the publicly available numbers. And I think, first of all, we're at the top of the heap in both the retail and commercial businesses with our public peers. I think we're doing very well there. Regarding your specific question on WDs, clearly, during the worst of times back in Q3, we were in a very different position than some of our smaller competitors. They really shut things down. Many of them closed or worked reduced hours, had less inventory and the like. And I think that, that gave us a real opportunity to introduce ourselves and be there for certain customers that maybe we didn't have the same relationship before. 
As we've said many, many times, the commercial part of this business certainly is a relationship business. And when you're there for customers, you build up some credibility that you can leverage for a long time. So I think that, that's the bigger issue rather than them getting back to where their normal operating procedures are, that we were there in people's times of need, and I think that people have long memories about that. 
On the retail side of the business, again, I think we're performing at the highest level of any of our public peers. But I also think that there are other parts of the channel -- other channels in the retail sector, mass and online, that we did particularly well against during this period of time and continue to do so. 
Again, I think is it sustainable or not? That's the biggest charge that we have as a management team. We have this opportunity to introduce ourselves to new customers. And as we said in our prepared remarks, much of our business growth in the retail business is coming from existing customers who are doing more business with us. And I think it's very encouraging that they're participating with us in different categories than they normally do. And so we feel very good about that.

Yes, I wish I had better information to answer that question, Bret. We have very specific information on the sales for categories in our retail business. We don't have that level of information on the commercial business. So we have to, like everybody else, look pretty much at the top line numbers and try to extrapolate from there. But we feel like we're doing well. I can't tell you how the WDs are doing as a whole.

Yes, Chris, thank you for the question. A lot of attention gets focused on our close-in competitors and rightfully so, and they both outperform us on a sales-per-program basis and have for a long time. I'm really pleased with what our team has been able to do to begin closing that gap. But we really don't want to get too focused on our close-in competitors. We want to think about the industry as a whole. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's a $75 billion market. It is incredibly fragmented, much more so fragmented than the retail side of the business. So I want to make sure that we're focused on the entire market, not our close-in competitors. 
If you look back over the history of time, what our team has been able to do has really helped us, as you just noted, accelerate our growth in a significant way. We've vastly improved our inventory assortments in every individual store, particularly as it relates to commercial-oriented vehicles. We had this Hub and Mega-Hub strategy which we are rolling out and continues to outperform, particularly the Mega-Hubs. Every time we talk about the Mega-Hubs, we talk about that they have outperformed our expectations. We now have built this fabulous brand called the Duralast brand, which 5 to 7 years ago, people thought was an inhibitor to our success. Now everybody else sees it as a real key part and a leverage point for us in the commercial business. Think about the other national brands that a decade ago were so powerful. Many of them are gone. Those that are still around are less relevant today than they were back then. And now we've also built this really strong sales force, which we didn't have a decade ago. 
We're now supplementing all of that with some technology tools that are some of the largest investments that we've made in technology to make our teams more efficient and improve our delivery and reliability. So we're very bullish on what the future is, and frankly, pretty proud of the progress that we've made to date.

Perfect, Chris. Thanks for getting that normal question out of the way. I'll answer the normal way because we released our earnings so quick in the quarter. So we're 2 weeks and 3 days into this quarter, we don't want to talk about what's happening this quarter because we don't want our owners to get focused on 2.5-week periods of time. So historically, we have not talked about what's happened intra-quarter, and we're not going to do that today. We did -- we were very specific in showing you what happened in each 4-week period during the quarter. We don't really generally give that level of clarity either. 
I want to remind us coming into Q4 that we told you, we were up 16.5% in the last 4 weeks of last quarter. I told you today that we were up 16.5% the first 4-week period. I think a lot of people thought our sales had gone down materially in September, and that wasn't true. 
Regarding the 8.8% that we had in the last 4-week period of time, we were very intentional in saying, yes, the election was going on. We also, in this period of time, sales are driven up and down based upon weather patterns. We get a cold snap, it can be very positive. We get dreary, rainy weather, it can be very negative. So we've given you the cadence. We're -- it's very hard for us to talk about and even understand what the next 12 weeks is going to be like. We don't know. These are unprecedented levels, 12.3% same-store sales is the best performance in this company since I joined the company over 26 years ago, it will slow down over time. How fast that happens, I don't know. But I do know we have an incredibly strong business that regardless will continue to outperform over the long term.

Well, really a terrific question, Michael. Yes, this time is different. There's no question about it. I've said it -- I've just said it. This is the second-best quarter since I've been at the company. The best quarter was last quarter. Will we be able to comp 21.8% same-store sales in Q4? I highly doubt it. Will we give some of that back? Absolutely. The question is will we give it all back. Are we introducing ourselves to new customers? Are we introducing existing customers to new categories for us? Are we kind of standing in that gap for customers? I think we are. And I think we're going to build loyalty with our customers over the long term. 
My real question for us is if we hadn't had this pandemic, what would our sales have been 2 years from now? I'm sorry, there's a train outside. Rude. I can't even hear. If we hadn't had the pandemic and you move forward 2 years from now, do we have 2%, 3%, 4% increase in business that we would had, had the pandemic not happened? I think that's a distinct possibility. And if we do, I think we'd be very pleased with that.

You're always good at those kind of things, Michael. It is life, and it's not a train usually.

And the only thing I'd add is you talked a little bit about operating expenses and wage pressure. As you saw in this last quarter, our teams did an outstanding job of really driving productivity, and we run the productivity play with intensity inside the company. And we've been able to manage our labor costs sort of in line with volume. There will be pockets of wage pressure, as you mentioned, in certain regions. But quite frankly, we're committed to investing in our AutoZoners regardless of what happens in the regulatory environment. And quite frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're so good at driving productivity inside the company. So again, we control our own destiny as it relates to these things, and we're going to invest in a disciplined way to move the needle on earnings as a whole.

Thank you.

Yes, another fantastic question. Thank you. As you look at the commercial business, you're exactly right that miles driven are down and they've been down for a period of time. I would also tell you that another thing that's muting the commercial business is the lack of winter that we had last year. Tire sales are down, maintenance sales are down, brakes, rotors, which I talked about specifically in the prepared remarks. 
The other thing that's happening in that sector is the independent part of the sector is performing much better today than the national accounts, if you will. And I think those things will change over time. As you see, when we get back into a normal weather pattern, again, we're having this opportunity to introduce ourselves, particularly to some of these up and down the street accounts at a different level than we have in the past. 
I don't believe that people are "returning to work." And we don't see it yet in a significant miles driven improvement. It improved vastly in the summertime, but then it's kind of been fairly steady over recent months we've seen. But I remind you that not all miles driven are the same. So people that are driving to work in some of these urban cores generally aren't our core customer. Our core customer has not had the luxury, just like our AutoZoners that are in the stores and the distribution centers, our core customer doesn't have the luxury to work from home. They're doing manual labor. They're providing service economy kind of jobs. And so I don't think that our core customer has really seen a significant change in their driving behaviors.

I think it's a very fair way to think about it. And I'll just remind you, when we got serious about the commercial business was 2008. We were doing about $750 million annually at that point in time. In the last 12 years, we've more than tripled the business, getting closer to quadrupling the business. And it's been pretty darn sticky along the way. That's certainly our hope. And as we're launching many of these new initiatives that are only going to amplify our service advantage, as we've now shored up our inventory assortments, we've built this brand and we've got somebody out telling our story in our sales force, we feel pretty good about the future. Will it be a straight line? No, it never is. But we've had a pretty strong trajectory over the last 12 years of growing that business much faster than the industry has grown. 
All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. 
As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. 
We thank you for participating in today's call. And we'd like to wish our AutoZoners and everyone on the call a very happy and, most important, a healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thank you very much. Have a great day.