Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2022 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.  
Regarding the fourth quarter, I hope you've had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the quarter's results. If not the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly earnings conference calls to see them. 
As we begin, we want to recognize our AutoZoners for their tremendous success this past year. They far exceeded our expectations from the beginning of the year and in a very challenging environment as our pledge states put our customers first, resulting in additional share gains and terrific sales performance on top of fantastic results in FY '21. We grew our overall sales of 11.1% on top of 15.8% growth last year, resulting in a 2-year growth that is among the highest we've ever experienced. 
We could not have achieved this success without phenomenal contributions from across the organization. This year began with the resurgence of the pandemic, ongoing supply chain challenges, a very difficult staffing environment and finished with rising interest rates and inflation at its highest levels in decades, all as major storylines. 
Throughout the year, our team's incredible supply chain efforts to improve our in-stock position, likely at industry-leading levels, helped our sales growth. These efforts resulted in a positive retail comp and an exceptionally strong commercial comp for both the quarter and the year. 
Any way you evaluate our FY '22 performance, we had a terrific year. Congratulations AutoZoners, and thanks for always putting our customers first, which led to this success. This morning, we will review our Q4 overall same-store sales, DIY versus DIFM trends, our sales cadence over the 16 weeks of the quarter, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. We will also share how inflation is affecting our cost and our retails and how we think inflation will impact our business for FY '23. 
Our domestic same-store sales were an impressive 6.2% this quarter on top of last year's 4.3%. On a 2-year basis, we delivered 10.5% comp and on a 3-year basis, a remarkable 32.3% stacked comp. Our team once again executed at an exceptionally high level, and delivered amazing results despite the difficult comparisons, and significant challenges I mentioned above. 
Our growth rates for commercial and retail were both strong, with domestic commercial growth north of 20%. This quarter was our sixth consecutive commercial growth above 20%. Additionally, Commercial set a fourth quarter record with $1.442 billion in sales, an impressive accomplishment. We generated $260 million more in sales this quarter than in Q4 last year. For the fiscal year, our commercial sales were $4.2 billion versus $3.3 billion just a year ago, up over 26%. 
Last fall, at our National Sales Meeting, our Senior VP of Commercial, Grant McGee, declared a stretched goal to achieve $4 billion in sales for FY '22. That lofty goal ultimately wasn't near lofty enough. We also set a record average weekly sales per store for any quarter at $17,000 per store versus 14.4% last year. Domestic commercial sales represented 30% of our domestic auto parts sales, another record for us compared to just 26% in last year's quarter. Our commercial sales growth continues to be driven by key initiatives we have been working on for the last several years. Improved satellite store inventory, massive improvements in Hub and Mega-Hub coverage, the strength of the Duralast brand, better technology to make us easier to do business with, improve delivery times, enhancing our sales force effectiveness and living consistent with our pledge by being "priced right" for the value proposition we deliver.
We continue to execute in commercial, and we are extremely proud of our team's performance. We're also very proud of our organization's performance in domestic DIY. We had a positive 1.1% comp this quarter. While our 2-year comp decelerated from Q3's, we believe the more relevant comp is the 3-year, and we are higher than last year's quarter at 24.5% versus 21.6%. For the year, we were very proud of our DIY results considering we grew so much in FY '21. To level set, we had 11% DIY comp in FY '21. And for the full year '22, we were up 2.9%. These results are very strong, considering the difficult comparison, which was driven by the various forms of stimulus last year. 
From the data we have available to us, we continue to retain the vast majority of the enormous share gains in dollars and more importantly in units that we built during the initial stages of the pandemic. Our recent performance gives us continued conviction about the sustainability into FY '23. 
Now let's focus on sales cadence. Our quarter spans 16 weeks, early May through the end of August. Our same-store sales increased materially over the first 4 weeks to high single digits, 8.4%. The next 8 weeks, our growth was nearly halved, dropping to 4.9%. And then it reaccelerated over the last 4 weeks, up 6.8%. All of these year-over-year comparisons are difficult to interpret, as so much was going on last year and even the year before. However, for Q4, our 2-year comp was 10.5% and the 4-week periods of the quarter increased 10.4%, 9.4%, 7.9% and 14.4%, respectively. But our 3-year comp was 32.3% and for the 4-week periods of the quarter increased 35.2%, 33.5%, 30.1% and 31%, respectively. 
We have been encouraged by the sustainability of the enormous sales gains we generated since the beginning of the pandemic. Regarding weather in May and June, we experienced slightly cooler and wetter weather trends across the country. By July, however, it became very hot across most of the country, and it remained unseasonably warm for August. Overall, we feel weather had a small, but slightly positive effect on our sales performance. As we look forward to the fall months, we anticipate normal weather patterns. As a reminder, historically extreme weather, cold or hot, drives parts failure and accelerated maintenance.  
Regarding this quarter's traffic versus ticket growth, in retail, our traffic was down roughly 7%, while our ticket was up about 8%. Our transaction count decline wasn't surprising, and was driven by lower demand for discretionary sales floor items. However, we were pleased to be in line with last quarter's 3-year transaction trends. We are also quite pleased with the ongoing growth in unit share we are seeing in our market share data. We're also very encouraged by the sales trends we continue to experience in commercial. Our sales growth is coming from transaction growth from new and existing customers, along with higher tickets as we price for inflation. I regularly visit our stores and commercial customers, and find it very encouraging to hear the positive comments from our customers and AutoZoners on our offerings. The reception our AutoZoners are receiving from our customers and as importantly, our prospective customers has changed meaningfully over the last few years as we continue to implement and execute our commercial acceleration strategy. 
I'll say it now, but we're determined, determined to continue to grow meaningfully faster than the market, and we're focused on future growth opportunities to keep our momentum. Our goal stated simply, over time is to become the industry leader in both sectors. 
As we start our new fiscal year, we continue to be pleased with the momentum we are seeing in both domestic businesses heading into the fall months. During the quarter, there were some geographic regions that did better than others as there always are. This quarter, we saw a 30 basis point difference between the Northeast and Midwest compared to the balance of the country with the Northeast and Midwest being higher. As the Northeast and Midwest were warmer in May and June, their sales accelerated. However, this trend reversed itself over the last 8 weeks of the quarter. As the remainder of the country heated up, those regions grew their comp sales faster than the Northeast and Midwest markets. Heading into the first quarter of the new fiscal year, we continue to believe weather will have only a minimal impact on our sales. 
Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. While I said our same-store sales were up 6.2% versus last year's fourth quarter, our net income was $810 million and our EPS was $40.51 a share, increasing 13.4%. Regarding our merchandise categories in the retail business, our hard parts outperformed sales floor categories with approximately a 2.5% difference between them. As gas prices increased, our discretionary sales for merchandise categories certainly softened. The discretionary categories represent approximately 20% of our DIY sales in any 1 quarter. But this quarter, they were weaker at 19% of the retail mix. This category was down 6.5% in the quarter versus up 3.5% last year in Q4. 
More recently, as gas prices have abated, we are encouraged to see the discretionary categories bounce back a bit. In general, the categories that are driven by failure due to heat performed well, and we were encouraged to see our battery category successfully lapped very strong performance last year and exceed our expectations. We believe our hard parts business will continue to do well this fall as we expect miles driven to improve while our growth initiatives are delivering solid results. 
Let me also address inflation and pricing. This quarter, we saw our sales increase by 11% from inflation, in line with cost of goods, which was up about 10%. We believe both numbers for the first quarter will be similar. As rising raw material pricing, labor and transportation costs are all impacting us and our suppliers, inflation has been prevalent in the aftermarket space.  
We believe inflation is stabilizing. We are seeing transportation costs begin to moderate after reaching historic levels, but we are not seeing product cost deflation yet nor are we seeing any signs that labor wage growth is slowing. 
Importantly, I want to point out that our industry has been disciplined about pricing for decades, and we expect that to continue. Historically, as costs have increased, the industry has increased pricing commensurately to maintain margins. It is also notable that following periods of higher inflation, our industry has historically not reduced pricing to reflect lower cost. 
While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, it remains difficult for us to forecast near to midterm sales. What I previously said is that the past 5 quarter sales have all been consistent on both a 2- and 3-year stacked comp basis. While it's difficult to predict sales going forward, we are excited about our growth initiatives, our team's execution and the tremendous share gains we've achieved in both sectors. 
Over the past 12 to 18 months, the overall macro environment has been favorable for our industry despite inflationary pressures for some of our customers. And even if these near-term trends fade, we believe that we are in an industry that is positioned for solid growth over the long term. For our first quarter of 2023, we expect our sales performance to be led by the continued strength in our commercial business as we execute on our differentiating initiatives. We will, as always, be transparent about what we are seeing and provide color on our markets and outlook as trends emerge. 
Before handing the call over to Jamere, I'd like to highlight and give some color on a few of our key business priorities for the new fiscal year. First, we are focusing on our supply chain with 2 initiatives that are in flight to drive improved availability. One is our expanded hub and Mega-Hub rollouts. We know intelligently placing more inventory in local markets will lead to our ability to continue to say yes to our customers more frequently and in turn, drive our sales. 
Secondly, we are expanding our distribution center footprint. We announced the development of 2 new distribution centers domestically and 1 additional DC in Mexico. These DCs will allow us to not only reduce drive times to stores, but they increase our capacity. No, we didn't expect to grow our business 30% in 3 years as we did, and they will allow us to carry inventory that is slower turning, yet in demand across the country. 
I'm also excited to announce that we opened a new facility on the West Coast just this month to handle direct import product on a timelier basis. This facility will flow products ordered abroad and distribute them to our other DCs postponing the inventory allocation, and therefore reducing safety stock. Our supply chain strategy is focused on carrying more product closer and closer to the customer, and we believe it has been a significant contributor to our recent success, especially in commercial. Additionally, we plan on continuing to grow our Mexico and Brazilian businesses. At almost 800 stores open internationally, these businesses had impressive performance this past fiscal year and should continue to grow in 2023 and beyond. We are leveraging many of the learnings we have in the U.S. to refine our offerings in Mexico and Brazil. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Thank you, Jamere. As we start a new fiscal year, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our operating theme for the new year. Last night, we kicked off our National Sales meeting with our amazing President's Club winners, our very best store managers. This week, we will embrace our theme for the year, Accelerate Together. We are very excited to have our field leadership team in Memphis for the next 4 days, and I cannot wait to congratulate everyone on their year and thank them for their phenomenal results. They delivered exceptional results in fiscal '22, and we remain focused on superior execution and customer service heading into fiscal '23. 
Our culture was built on providing exceptional service and this is what will continue to define our success well into the future. As we've accelerated our top line, our competitive positioning has materially improved and customer behavior may have permanently changed post pandemic. If this holds true, it will be the fourth time in the last 30 years that the economy and society have had significant shocks leading to material acceleration in our growth in sales and profits without a corresponding decline back to pre-recessionary or pandemic levels. 
Our industry is unique, and it is a very long track record of strong performance with high returns and consistent cash flows. We would also encourage you to migrate to studying our performance on a 1-year comp basis to gauge our performance, as we believe the business is steady enough to talk about year-over-year comps going forward. This time of year, I always enjoy reflecting on the past. This year in particular, is a rewarding experience. Our team delivered some really impressive milestones, $16.3 billion in sales, racing past the $15 billion milestone. DIY comps of 2.9%, most impressively 21.6% on a 3-year basis. Commercial sales blew past $4 billion, ending at $4.23 billion. Average weekly sales domestically of $46,300 per store per week, equating to over $2.4 million per store annually. 
Our Mexico and ALLDATA teams both broke numerous records, and Brazil is poised for significant growth in store count. We bought back a record-breaking $4.4 billion in AutoZone stock, and our team has grown our EBIT by roughly 50% in 3 years. Yes, that's 5-0, and that is remarkable. But we can't rest on our laurels, and we aren't without our challenges. That's for sure.  
Our greatest challenge, which we will spend time discussing this week with the team, is "exiting pandemic mode." In addition to our fanatical customer focus, and our phenomenal culture, a huge part of our historical success has been flawless execution. In all candor, we haven't been flawlessly executing. In the depths of the pandemic, it was impossible and our teams appropriately made trade-offs. We have ensured that some of those trade-offs do not result in "new norms or worse, numbness or bad habits." Those new norms can't and won't be tolerated. We have to make sure our in-stock levels finally recover to our historic levels and they recover soon. Our vendors must return to providing us with the right amount of merchandise at the right time. Every store has to be staffed right, every hour of every day. Our processes need to function correctly always. We have to meet our store opening goals and time lines. Simply put, we have to remain the execution machine we have always been an exit pandemic mode. 
I've had the honor of being part of this team for nearly 28 years now, and it has been one of the great privileges of my life. I could not be more proud of our AutoZoners across the organization for their commitment to passionately serving our customers. We must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success and rest assured, we are doing just that. 
We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now, and we very much welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on our team at AutoZone. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Thank you, Bret. It's still quite challenging. And it's moved. I've talked about it over time. It moves from one category to another one. Most of our hard part categories, we're in pretty good shape on. We have some challenges in areas like filtration. But generally, we're in pretty good shape, but we are still a couple of points behind our overall in-stock rate that we had before the pandemic. It's been very stubborn, frankly. We're looking to push through it. But every time we think we've got it solved, in other category rears its ugly head.

Sure. Well, first, on the latter part of the question, we addressed it a little bit in our prepared remarks that when gas prices were $5.50 a gallon on average across the country, we saw an immediate reduction in our discretionary products. As those gas prices have come back down, we've seen discretionary products improve. You have to be careful because it's such a small part of our business, but we've certainly seen it improve.
As for whether or not we can see positive comps in DIY for FY '23, as you know, we don't give guidance. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace with inflation, with rising interest rates and the like. But I will tell you -- I'll answer it this way. This latter part of the fourth quarter was much stronger than we were expecting it to be in June and July. And so that gives us some confidence that at least for now, the DIY business is really quite strong. And frankly, as strong if not stronger than we thought it would be back in the early months of the summer.

I think the strategies that we're focused on for the next chapter of growth are the same ones that we've been working on for about 5 years. We're going to continue to make sure that we've got the best coverage in the marketplace. That considers being in the best situation in the local store. It also means expansion of Hubs and Mega-Hubs. We've talked about growing our Mega-Hubs from today's 78 to 200. So we're just over -- just under 40% of the way there, and we're moving pretty quickly. 
Same kind of trajectory on the Hub stores. We're around 200. We want to get to 300 of those. So we have lots of growth still in front of us on Hubs and Mega-Hubs, and we're continuing to test new philosophies and new coverage even in those. We're going to continue to focus on the Duralast brand. We're leveraging technology to make our people more efficient and to reduce our delivery times. We're always making sure that we're priced right. We've got a lot of different strategies, and that's the thing to me that's most encouraging is, it's not one single thing that's making this happen. It's a holistic substantial improvement in our competitive positioning in the marketplace. 
At the end of the day, we got around 4% share in commercial. I said on the call today, the first time we've ever said it. We want to win and be the largest in both sectors. And it's going to take us a while, but that's our goal. And I'm very pleased with the progress that we've had with 20% growth over 6 consecutive quarters, that's pretty phenomenal regardless of how the industry is growing.

Simeon, you followed us for a lot of years, and you've heard me say many times that the dirty little secret of our industry is that there's downward pressure on units and have been for decades. So oftentimes, we'll be down 3% or 4% in units and customer count. A lot of that is driven by improvements in automobile technology. 
So easy example is spark plugs. You used to buy spark plugs, and they were copper spark plugs and they would last for 30,000 miles. Now you buy Iridium spark plugs and they last 100,000 miles. Now the old copper spark plugs used to cost $0.59. Now Iridium's are oftentimes over $10. So there's an upward pressure on cost per piece -- price per piece, and a downward pressure on units. 
I think our downward pressure in the fourth quarter was more exaggerated than it typically is, mainly because of the incredible performance that we've seen over the last 3 years. I think there's been some moderation. There was also a little bit of moderation as we said, because of the discretionary items, accessories and the like. Is that helpful?

Jamere, let me jump in and amplify a couple of points, too. First of all, I've been involved with this company since before we went public in 1991. This is the first time we've ever had a LIFO charge period. These are uncertain times or unique dynamics, especially with the level of inflation that we've seen in cargo freight going from $1,800 to over $20,000 per container. Those numbers have moderated significantly now, but we do have some long term -- or some midterm contracts, call them 6 to 12 months where we had to secure capacity. 
It is our full expectation, and I don't know if it will happen this year or not. It's going to depend on freight costs. It is our full anticipation whatever charges we take in Q1 and Q2 ultimately will be reversed, and we will go back to 0 and then we'll start building a LIFO reserve that we don't record. So we think this $100 million to $200 million charge will be temporary, and it will reverse and it could be -- the back half of this year, could be next year, but that is fully our expectation.

Yes. I don't want to specifically say 52% gross margins is what the future is going to look like. As you've seen, there are pressures on gross margin as we continue to grow this commercial business at such an accelerated rate. That pressure is likely going to continue. But just like you said, the GAAP charge, let's just say it was $200 million for the first half of the year. A year from now or 18 months from now, you're also going to have to think about when that $200 million comes back through the P&L. And so we would encourage you to look at it, excluding the LIFO charges, both as it's a penalty for us now and when it's a benefit for us whenever that happens.

Yes. Terrific questions, Kate. I'll take the last one first. Duralast continues to perform exceptionally well in the DIFM sector. We've rolled it into more categories. In the last few years, we've rolled it into shocks and struts. We've rolled out a Duralast Gold high performance chassis program, and we've rolled out Duralast elite brake pads. Each of these have been well received in both the retail and the commercial market, where 10 years ago, everybody would say, we couldn't be successful in commercial because of the Duralast brand. I think, the exact opposite is true. It has become a real strength for us. Remind me the first part of your question, sorry.

Yes, sorry. I think they're very, very similar. Both are doing very well. There's not a discernible difference between the 2 right now.

Yes. First of all, we've been -- thanks for the question. Terrific. We've been direct importing for years. We've got a strong team of people in China today, and import from China and Taiwan and Vietnam and Turkey and India. We've got a very robust direct import program that will continue to grow, and it's been a very important part of us managing our product cost over long periods of time.
What we're doing today is we're going to make it more efficient for us. So we've opened in the beginning stages of opening a direct import facility in California. We also announced that we're going to be opening a new distribution center in New Kent, Virginia and attached to that new distribution center will also be a direct import facility.
What this is going to allow us to do is continue to import, but instead of having to buy in quantities that are going to ship from China or Turkey or India by distribution center, we're going to flow them into this direct import facility, and it allows us to do postponement on the allocation of the inventory by probably 45 days, which will make us be able to reduce our safety stock in a significant way and make us more efficient. I'm really excited about this new program.

Yes, it's a great question, Greg. It's something that we have been studying really since probably May. We have seen it at times on the margin. But really -- I mean, we've really looked for it hard. We have not seen it in mass by any stretch of the imagination at this point in time.

Okay. Well, before we conclude the call, I just want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is in a strong position, and our business model we know is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, but we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. 
We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future, but I want to stress again that it's a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the future, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.