Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me begin with some financial highlights.
Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen's third quarter revenues grew 12% to $3.4 billion. Third quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 24% to $7.15 and non-GAAP EPS grew 17% to $7.40.
We are pleased with this year-over-year double-digit top line and bottom line growth, as we continue to execute on our strategy to solidify our long-term leadership position in neuroscience.
Now let me review the accomplishments we delivered in the third quarter. First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties, remained stable versus the prior year and delivered revenues of $2.3 billion.
The number of patients on our MS product globally also remained relatively stable versus the prior year.
In the U.S., we saw improving trends for both TECFIDERA and TYSABRI on a year-over-year basis.
Outside the U.S., we continued to add patients across multiple geographies. Second, SPINRAZA. Global revenue grew to $468 million, driven by quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S., and even greater revenue growth outside the U.S.
The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 20% from last quarter and we now have close to 6,000 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program and clinical trials.
In the U.S., we continued making progress with adults. In the third quarter, more than 50% of new starts were adults, increasing the number of adult patients on SPINRAZA by more than 20% compared to last quarter.
Outside the U.S., the pace of reimbursement for SPINRAZA across multiple geographies led to meaningful revenue growth with significant revenue contribution not just from Europe, but also from Asia-Pac and Latin America. We have received regulatory approval in 5 more countries, and we have made 2 more regulatory filings. We also seek a formal reimbursement in 4 additional countries, including Canada, and now have formal reimbursement in 28 markets.
We were very proud to announce new data from the neutral study of SPINRAZA. Of the 25 presymptomatic infants, we genetically diagnosed SMA that were treated with SPINRAZA, many were achieving milestones consistent with normal development. All the patients were alive without ventilation and able to sit without support. 22 patients or 88% were able to walk, either with assistance or independently, and 88% showed normal bulbar function.
We believe the long-term date we are generating across a broad patient populations, underscore the compelling efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. This is the kind of innovation and progress that inspires us to tackle some of the most difficult and challenging disease areas within neuroscience.
Third, we continue to develop our neuroscience pipeline as we look to prioritize our investments towards areas with highest probability of success, while building depth in core areas of expertise. Within MS and neuroimmunology, we are working to expand our long-term leadership position. And this quarter, we completed enrollment of the Phase II trial of opicinumab, a potential rumination therapy.
Along with SI, we are presenting data this week for our industry-leading Alzheimer's disease portfolio at the CTAD meeting in Barcelona.
We are building for the depth in neuromuscular diseases with the initiation of a Phase I trial of BIIB078 and ASO targeting C9ORF72, the most common genetic cause of ALS. And we continue to be optimistic about the potential for BIIB067 targeting SOD1 for ALS.
We are making notable progress in movement disorders having completed enrollment in the Phase II trial of BIIB092 and anti-tau antibody in progressive supranuclear palsy or PSP. BIIB092 has been granted fast-track designation from the FDA. We also continue to advance BIIB054 in Phase II for Parkinson's disease.
Within our emerging growth area of acute neurology, we dosed the first patient in our Phase III trial of BIIB093, a first-in-class IV glibenclamide for large hemispheric infarction. And beyond our neuroscience pipeline, we initiated a Phase IIb trial of BG00011 in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Mike will provide more details on the development across our entire pipeline.
Our biosimilars business grew revenues to $135 million, which represents 33% growth year-over-year.
We believe that there are now more than 100,000 patients treated with our biosimilars in Europe. Last week, we launched IMRALDI, our adalimumab biosimilar referencing HUMIRA. With an originator market of approximately $4 billion per year in Europe.
IMRALDI is now available in several European markets. With IMRALDI, we are now able to offer biosimilars of the 3 main entity MS, providing physicians with more options to meet the needs of patients.
We believe the significant savings from biosimilars in European markets can create headroom for innovative therapies.
As a reminder, we exercised our option to own approximately 49.9% of the Samsung Bioepis joint venture, and we expect this transaction to close by the end of the year.
Importantly, our cash generation remains very strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital.
Since the beginning of the year, we have completed 5 business development deals and repurchased 10.5 million shares.
During the third quarter, we generated $1.7 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to diligently evaluate new potencies for potential business development and M&A, and our board has authorized a $3.5 billion share repurchase program.
As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both, the short and the long-term.
In summary, Biogen executed in strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience. SPINRAZA continued to grow in the U.S. and even more so outside of the U.S., and we remain committed to our goal of being the long-term standard of care in SMA.
We initiated a new study in ALS and completed enrollment of studies in MS and PSP, as we aim to development our neuroscience portfolio and build depth in our most promising core and emerging growth areas.
We grew our biosimilars business and have launched IMRALDI in Europe. We are actively implementing a leaner and simpler operating model, and we generated ample cash as we focus on strategically allocating capital to develop and build depth in our neuroscience portfolio, again with the goal of maximizing shareholder returns and bringing innovative therapies to patients.
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. We closed the third quarter with double-digit revenue and earnings growth versus a year ago, an exciting progress across our pipeline, and last week, we launched a new biosimilar.
Looking forward, within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline including a slide presentation of the BAN2401 data this week at CTAD and assessing next steps.
Data readouts across Alzheimer's, including the final Phase III data for aducanumab as well as MS, PSP, ophthalmology and ALS. And filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS.
And using the updated neutral data as the most recent example, we continued to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe, we are at the beginning of a period of transformistic breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases.
We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from this potential breakthroughs and Biogen's goal is to be the long-term leader in neuroscience.
To deliver on our aspiration, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline, while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders.
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term.
These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we are making.
Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives. And all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment.
With that, we'll open the call for questions.

Thanks for the question, Umer. It's -- we have seen the data obviously, but we have 2 days to wait for the 2015 (sic) [ 2018 ] Barcelona. So we have to be patient and a slide presentation, we'll give a slide on the next steps. Please understand. Thank you.

And just -- if I may, this is Michel. I just wanted to add that we are adding momentum in the U.S. in penetrating the idle population. And this was unsure at the beginning of the year, uncertain at the beginning of the year and ex-U.S., we have staggering launches in different geographies. And if in some, we may see some of the effect we have seen in the U.S. following the first year of dosing. There are plenty of countries that are being where we are launching. We just filed in China, for example, we are unlocking patient population also in Latin America, we are doing extremely well in Japan and continue to do well in core Europe. So the momentum is good, but again, the bigger satisfaction is the implementation capability in the U.S. in the 65% of the market that has idle population.

Yes. Unfortunately, we will not be able to comment on price. We see the magnitude and the frequency of price being taken in the marketplace in the past, but we cannot comment on the future. Thanks for your understanding.

So this is not the first entity in here that is being launched in Europe, this is the third one. And I would say the purchase pattern and the year, the journey is well set for those countries in terms of 2 big categories, the one that -- from tenders and the one for which decision is left more at the physician level. So we anticipate that the adalimumab biosimilar will be in fact at least as strong as the previous one, even stronger, and I would like to remind you that we are the only company having the 3 anti-TNFs in the marketplace. So the team is really motivated, supply is ready, and while we speak, the prescriptions are going on.

So if we're able somehow together with the physicians to deliver 30,000 dosing of SPINRAZA during the past months is because in real world, there is an efficacy perception at the patient level. So it's an efficacy play for those patients who are just the right, in order to improve functionally and the convenience comes after. This is what is being brought back by the customers. So with 6,000 patients being dosed and more than 300 patients in clinical trial, we have a body of evidence that is still difficult to match for the time being.

So if you look at the momentum that Biogen is able to deliver. Year-to-date, if I'm not mistaken, is 12% on the top line with the leverage P&L. This was not anticipated 2 years ago because of OCREVUS launch, because of limited potential of SPINRAZA, because of neglected biosimilars and the rest. And here we are -- so we're not on a burning platform and the level of rigor and alignment to the strategy, to the scientific validity, to the IP, and to financials criteria, remain very rigorous within the organization. And even more importantly, we have some very important results in the coming months. So in the meantime, we deliver, we tighten the belts, and we are evaluating opportunities. But in a very paced manner.

Thanks for the great question. And first I would like to say that we are pleased with the momentum behind TEC. I think this is important. So TEC will remain always front and center. We are doing well. We'll grow the volume. Even if we price, we face some pricing pressure in part of the world like in Europe, and we have increasing competition. So BIIB098 will offer the opportunity eventually to have an upgrade in terms of safety profile and GI safety, and this will be eventually the low-hanging fruit that we aim to move further and the team is working towards a longer-term lifecycle management opportunities that this product offers beyond the fumarate. So this is what we're working on. But we are very excited about this opportunity and to expand our leading share of orals, but beyond the fumarate market. So looking forward to these filing, and potentially launch towards the end of '19 or early 2020. So at this stage I will like to close the call by saying, very exciting times at Biogen. We are looking forward to the data readouts, and thank you all for attending our call today. Have a good day.