Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen closed 2019 with quarterly revenues of $3.7 billion, an increase of 4% compared to the same period a year ago. For the full year 2019, Biogen generated $14.4 billion in revenues, representing growth of 7% year-over-year. Full year 2019 GAAP earnings were $31.42 a share, a 46% increase versus full year 2018. Full year 2019 non-GAAP earnings were $33.57 a share, a 28% increase versus full year 2018. We are pleased with the strong year-over-year growth as we continue to execute on our strategy for long-term leadership in neuroscience.
Now let me review the year. First, full year MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties were $9.2 billion, an increase of 2% versus the prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally increased 3% versus the prior year, driven by strong patients growth in emerging markets as well as all of the large mature European markets, and our business demonstrated resilience in the U.S. Our team has executed well, demonstrating our ability to compete in an increasingly crowded market.
We launched VUMERITY in the U.S. as an important new oral treatment option. It remains early in the launch, but so far, we are pleased with the level of interest from patients and physicians. Second, SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 22% increase versus the prior year. This blockbuster performance was driven by strong year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth outside the U.S., including the expanded access program and clinical trials, over 10,000 patients are now being treated with SPINRAZA. Third, full year biosimilars revenue was $738 million, which represents 35% growth year-over-year, driven primarily by IMRALDI. 
We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately EUR 1.8 billion of savings to the European health care systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is critical as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the health care system. We also bolstered our biosimilars business this quarter with a new transaction with Samsung Bioepis. This provides us access to 2 new potential biosimilars in ophthalmology with a significant market opportunity in major markets worldwide, including, for the first time, in the U.S. as well as commercialization rights to our anti-TNFs biosimilars in China. 
Fourth, this was an historic year for R&D organization. We are inspired by what the positive implications of the aducanumab data may mean for patients, physicians and the broader scientific community who have been waiting decades for therapy that can reduce the clinical decline of Alzheimer's disease. We are actively engaging with the FDA as well as regulators in Europe and Japan, and we look forward to completing a regulatory filing in the U.S. as soon as possible. In addition, there has been important progress related to the redosing study as we have successfully submitted the protocol to the FDA, and we are currently working with the sites and ethics committees towards study initiation.
Fifth, beyond aducanumab, we continue to expand and progress our pipeline with approval for VUMERITY in the U.S., a positive data readouts for BIIB059 in lupus and adding 7 new clinical program in MS, ALS, Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology and brain contusion. 2019 was one of our most productive years in R&D, and we believe we have multiple opportunities for near-term value creation as we prepare for multiple potential launches in the early 2020.
Sixth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continued to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In 2019, we generated approximately $7.1 billion in cash flow from operations, an increase of approximately 14% versus the prior year. Throughout the year, we repurchased approximately 24 million shares for a total value of approximately $5.9 billion. As we have stated previously, we view share repurchase as an important element of thoughtful and value-creating capital allocation. At the same time, we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities. 
Over the past few years, we have executed 15 business development transaction, which have contributed to the significant expansion of our pipeline. We executed 4 deals over the past 3 months alone, including our proposed transaction with Pfizer for a potential symptomatic therapy with potential application in both Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns to our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term.
In summary, 2019 was a very productive and successful for Biogen as we executed on our strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business continued to demonstrate resilience with growth in both patients and revenues, and we are excited to be launching VUMERITY. SPINRAZA continued to grow in the U.S. and even more so outside of the U.S. as we continue to expand into new geographies. With over 10,000 patients on therapy and the largest body of clinical data in SMA, SPINRAZA remains a foundation of care in SMA. We grew our biosimilars business, and we expanded our portfolio and geographic presence. We are preparing to lead in the fight against Alzheimer's disease as we plan for a U.S. filing for aducanumab. Beyond aducanumab, we expanded and progressed our pipeline with 7 new clinical programs and the positive data readouts in lupus. And we generated ample cash flow as we focus on strategically allocating capital to maximize shareholder return over the long term.
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. We delivered strong performance in 2019 with growth across all of our core business areas, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution across each pillar of our strategy. For 2020, we aim to continue our momentum by executing well on our strategic priorities across MS, SMA, biosimilars and our pipeline, with a priority on aducanumab. We are actively preparing for the potential launch of aducanumab with an initial focus on the U.S. This includes implementing a thorough go-to-market model, hiring the sales force, building out our medical teams and preparing for market access. In addition, we are actively engaging with regulators outside of the U.S., including Europe and Japan.
Beyond aducanumab, our pipeline is maturing. We now have 6 programs in Phase III and 27 clinical programs overall, an increase from 17 just 3 years ago. We have multiple near-term opportunities for value creation, including in Alzheimer's disease, ALS, stroke, lupus, ophthalmology and biosimilars as we aim to build a multifranchise portfolio. Between now and the end of 2021, we expect 11 mid- to late-stage data readouts, including Phase III readouts for tofersen in ALS, BIIB111 in choroideremia and BIIB093 in large hemispheric infraction and 8 Phase II readouts across MS, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology, schizophrenia, acute neurology and neuropathic pain.
As the leader in neuroscience with asymmetric core capabilities, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system to address a significant and growing unmet medical need. We'll continue to execute on our core strategy to build the multifranchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to look at capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make.
I'd like to take a moment to discuss our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contributes to a long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for, and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long term as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space.
Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' life, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment.
We will now open the call for questions.

So Ronny, concerning the second part of your question. With superior to take GI tolerability, we have the opportunity with VUMERITY to strengthen the overall fumarate portfolio. But TECFIDERA remains front and center in our promotion, you see the performance, we continue to support. And again, a key metric will be to increase the share of this fumarate down the road. We are pleased with the access to date that is superior to what we have seen from competition a few months after launch, and for some competitor, 12 months after launch. So we are pleased with the access. We monitor very closely the stat forms and the grads. We are pleased to see so far that there is more stat forms being issued ex-TEC than TEC. So this is -- but it's still the beginning. It's a bit too early. We'll come back with more color when we have more data.

So Michael, if I can get started with the launch readiness. Actually, the work started more than 2 years ago with an understanding of the patient journey, from origination to diagnosis, the referral dynamics that changed from market to market, and even within the U.S., which is different, understand the different types of market within the U.S., it's the different segments. We have analyzed the go-to-market for the U.S. This has been approved and this is funded in our budget, as discussed. And the hiring has started, first with the medical affairs, obviously. Engagement with scientific leaders, also at the community level is important. And also the biomanufacturing needs to be stepped up and be ready for eventually a larger demand with the functional support, okay? To support the increased engagement and team. 
In terms of price, it's still early, even if we are making progress. We engage with stakeholders because, as you can imagine, there is almost no drug cost today. So we engage with patient association, pharmacoeconomics, [ therapeutics ] and all the customers, mostly in the U.S. and beyond the U.S. Beyond the price, it's all about the access condition and the affordability. We know that the more we wait, the more transition -- the people will transition to full-blown assistance and loss of dependence, which costs so much the society. So basically, we start engaging. And hopefully, we'll have all the incentives in that field in order to further invest in R&D. This is our belief. So good progress, step-by-step, but we engage broadly and we ask for advice and we listen.

So thanks for the good question and we see business development, M&A opportunities as being independent from what happens next week or what happened 6 months ago, in March. We continue to remain -- we are very engaged on BD opportunities, and the team continue to look at the opportunities to create value for the shareholders. And this will be independent from any end.

So thank you all for being on the call. We turned the page of a very strong 2019, and now the team at Biogen is ready for a very material 2020, and obviously, with a priority for a potential aducanumab. Thank you for your attention.