Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. I will start by giving you an outline of this call since we're announcing both Q3 results and news on aducanumab. First, I will review the recent news on aducanumab. Next I will provide the key highlights of a strong quarter. Al and Samantha will then provide additional details on aducanumab and progress across the rest of our pipeline. Jeff will discuss our financial performance for Q3, and I will close before we open the call for questions.
This is an important day as we are announcing that based on discussion with the FDA, we plan to submit a regulatory filing in the U.S. for aducanumab. If approved, aducanumab will become the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease and the first therapy to show that removing amyloid beta can lead to better clinical outcomes. 
This is an important milestones providing hope for patients, physicians, caregivers and families around the world. It is also important to highlight that the path taken in the pursuit of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments is not always direct and straightforward. As you know, in March, we announced our decision to discontinue the Phase III EMERGE and ENGAGE studies for aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease based on a prespecified futility analysis. In retrospect, the result of our futility analysis was incorrect. Based on what we know now, it is clear that the prespecified futility criteria did not adequately anticipate the effect of all the variables in these trials.
So what happened? First, the decision to stop these trials relied on an earlier and smaller dataset comprised only of patients who had the opportunity to complete 18 months of treatment as of December 26, 2018. 
At that time, the futility analysis predicted that the trials were unlikely to meet their primary end point upon completion. Futility analysis are common in large studies and they use statistical modeling to attempt to predict the outcome of the studies based on a number of prespecified assumptions and criteria. There are multiple methodologies that can be used for futility analysis and the methodology we use was a well-accepted approach. However, based on what we have learned, we know now that the futility analysis did not adequately account for the effect that the earlier enrollment in ENGAGE had on patients' overall exposure to high-dose aducanumab.
Second, in the month following the discontinuation of the studies, our team has continued to analyze the vast set of clinical imaging and biomarker data that the studies have generated. In addition to further analysis of the dataset, which informed the futility analysis, we also gained access to and analyzed additional data, including data on patients who completed treatment after the cut-off date for the futility analysis as well as data for patients who did not complete the full duration of the study. 
Once we became aware of the potential implication of this large dataset, we consulted with external advisors followed by the FDA with Type C meeting in June as we began conducting further analysis.
Third, the new analysis of the larger dataset, which was conducted in consultation with the FDA, showed that aducanumab had a dose-dependent effect on the underlying pathology as measured by amyloid PET imaging and reduced clinical decline in patients with early Alzheimer's disease as measured by the prespecified primary and secondary endpoints. Based on the second Type C meeting held with the FDA just yesterday, we believe these data support a regulatory filing. Beyond aducanumab, we are hopeful by the implication of these results for similar approaches targeting amyloid beta, including BAN2401. 
Looking forward, we plan to submit a regulatory filing in the U.S. in early 2020, and we'll continue dialogue with regulatory authorities in international markets, including in Europe and Japan. Most importantly, we have a deep commitment to the patients' community starting with those who participated in our clinical trials. With the support of the FDA, we aim to offer access to aducanumab as soon as possible to eligible patients previously enrolled in the Phase III studies, the long-term extension of the Phase I PRIME B study and the Phase II EVOLVE study. We will work towards this goal with regulatory authority's principal investigators and the institutional review boards with a sense of urgency.
I know these development is unexpected for all our stakeholders, including the many patients involved in our clinical studies and their families, our investigators, our investors and our employees. And I'm sure you have a lot of questions. We were also surprised when we initially learned about the potential implication of these additional data, but our surprise quickly turned to the hope that we maybe in the position to offer Alzheimer's patients the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in this devastating disease. 
We are humbled and honored by this opportunity, and we are committed to following the science and doing the right thing for patients.
Now let me review some financial highlights from the third quarter. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen delivered solid top line and bottom line growth. Third quarter revenues grew 5% to $3.6 billion. Third quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 17% to $8.39, and non-GAAP EPS grew 24% to $9.17. 
Now let me briefly review our progress against our strategic business priorities. First, we continue to demonstrate resilience in MS, and we remain focused on addressing the IP challenge with TECFIDERA, while also preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY. Second, SPINRAZA revenues grew double-digit both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Third, our biosimilars business continued to grow, led by the recent launch of IMRALDI. Fourth, we continue to progress our pipeline with a positive readout on VUMERITY and the addition of 2 new clinical programs. And fifth, Biogen has continued to be disciplined and focused on capital allocation.
As we have demonstrated, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short term and the long term. 
Before turning the call over to Al, I would like to congratulate him on his new role as the Head of R&D at Biogen. I know I speak for the broader Biogen family in expressing my confidence in Al as a scientist, as a clinician and as a leader. Al is taking the helm at the time when I believe Biogen R&D has never been stronger, and I believe he is well equipped to continue driving Biogen R&D forward.

Thank you, Jeff. To summarize, first, the positive clinical results for aducanumab position Biogen to potentially lead the fight against Alzheimer's disease. Second, these data validates Biogen strategy to focus on an interconnected neuroscience pipeline and prioritization of targets by supported by human genetics. Third, our base business continue to deliver solid performance in Q3 2019, driven by strong execution against our strategic priorities. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multifranchise portfolio, including 9 additional mid- to late-stage data readouts, the expected launch of VUMERITY in the U.S., and submitting the regulatory filing for aducanumab in the U.S., while continuing dialogue with regulatory authorities in international markets, including in Europe and in Japan.
I'm proud of the Biogen team for not being deterred by a history of disappointment in the pursuit of Alzheimer's therapies and more so for continuing their work of analyzing the clinical trial data with unprecedented focus and intensity even in light of an apparent futility results. This work reflects Biogen's steadfast determination to follow the science, tackle the biggest challenges and do always the right thing for the patients.
Finally, what is most important today is that in consultation with the FDA, we are excited to be moving ahead and preparing for regulatory filing for aducanumab on the ground of positive clinical results, and we will be redosing eligible patients from our Alzheimer's trials as quickly as possible. 
This is a major step in the fight against Alzheimer's disease and an important inflection point for Biogen's neuroscience mission. We believe now more than ever that our core focus on neuroscience will enable us to maximize value for all our stakeholders, first and foremost, for the patients as well as for our shareholders. 
As the leader in neuroscience, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system. We will continue to execute on our cost strategy to build a multifranchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. We are inspired by the progress we have made in tackling Alzheimer's disease and the broader scientific indications of the positive clinical results for aducanumab.
I would like to thank all the Biogen employees, in particular, those who have been working tirelessly on the aducanumab program and the many more who will contribute to this critical priority over time. 
I am incredibly grateful for all the patients, physicians and caregivers who have dedicated so much time and efforts to our Alzheimer's clinical studies and advancing our understanding of this very complex disease. 
I would like to thank the FDA for their guidance and in-depth and scientific expertise throughout this process.
We will now open up the call for questions.

Thank you, Umer. This is Michel. Mike decided to leave the company on his own, and I cannot thank him enough for his many contribution over the past 3.5 years to Biogen. So thanks, Mike. And at the same time, I'm extremely confident in Al's leadership as a clinician to, as a scientist to take the helm at a time where the R&D portfolio never been as stronger, the team also and the capabilities.

So thank you all for attending our Q3 call characterized by the go-to-file decision for aducanumab with the U.S. FDA, but also with a solid performance for the quarter. Today, is about hope and opportunity for the patients first, but also for the shareholders. Have a good day.