Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Matt Calistri for nearly 4 years he spent leading our Investor Relations program. We wish him the very best in his next endeavor. I would like to welcome Joe Mara, our new Vice President and Head of Investor Relations, who is a talented and energized finance and business leader with over 12 years of experience at Biogen across a number of functions. I'm confident that Joe will prove to be a valuable resource for the investment community and I look forward to all of you getting to know Joe. Joe, the floor is yours.

Thank you, Joe. Now let me begin with some financial highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen delivered solid top line and bottom line growth. Second quarter revenues grew 8% to $3.6 billion. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 88% to $7.85 and non-GAAP EPS grew 58% to $9.15. 
Based on our strong performance year-to-date and our updated outlook for the second half of the year, we are raising our full year financial guidance, which just we'll discuss in more details. 
Now let me review the highlights from the second quarter. First, revenues from our MS core business, including OCREVUS royalties increased 3% versus the prior year to $2.4 billion. Excluding OCREVUS, the total number of patients on our MS products globally grew in the low single digits versus the prior year. Critically, we are focused on addressing the IP challenge with TECFIDERA, while also preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY towards the end of the year. 
Second, SPINRAZA global revenues grew 15% to $488 million, driven by year-over-year revenue growth, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 12% from last quarter, and we now have approximately 8,400 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program and clinical trial. 
Within the U.S., the number of SPINRAZA patients increased by approximately 4% versus Q1, which we believe demonstrates the potential for continued patient growth in the more mature markets. We were very proud to announce new data for the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA. We have continued to generate long-term data across broad patient populations, which underscore the compelling safety and efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. 
 
Many are focused on the potential of new competition for SPINRAZA. While we welcome new options for patients, we believe it is premature to make assumptions about the ultimate uptake of emerging modalities, given the large number of outstanding questions on the clinical profiles. Importantly, SPINRAZA remains the only SMA therapy approved for all age groups. 
Third, our biosimilars revenue grew 45% year-over-year to $184 million. We continue to deliver on our broad portfolio of anti-TNFs, including the strong launch of IMRALDI, the market-leading biosimilar referencing HUMIRA in Europe. We estimate that the uptake of our biosimilars products will contribute up to EUR 1.8 billion in health care savings across Europe in 2019, an important contribution to the long-term sustainability of the European health care systems that Biogen is proud to contribute to. We believe this business continues to demonstrate a strong trajectory with a potential to continue to drive growth. 
Fourth, we make continuous progress to develop and expand our pipeline as we work to build a multifranchise portfolio. We added 4 clinical programs to our pipeline this quarter, including the 2 mid- to late stage ophthalmology gene therapy programs we acquired through Nightstar, also an oral BTK for MS and an oral compound for sporadic ALS. In total, we have added 17 clinical program over the past 2.5 years as we have materially expanded and diversified our pipeline, which now includes 27 clinical programs. Mike will provide more details on the development across our entire pipeline. 
Fifth, we maintain our diligent focus on capital allocation to maximize potential shareholder returns. During the second quarter, we generated $2 billion in cash flow from operations, and we benefited from the expiration of the contingent payments related to TECFIDERA. 
In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 10.4 million shares at an average price of $231 per share for a total of $2.4 billion. As we have stated previously, we view share repurchase as an important element of thoughtful and value-creating capital allocation. But at the same time, we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities as evidenced by the 11 deals we executed over the past 2.5 years, including our recent acquisition of Nightstar. 
As we have demonstrated, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short and the long term. 
In summary, Biogen continued to execute on our strategic objectives. We delivered solid financial results, raised our full year 2019 financial guidance, continued to progress our pipeline and we're opportunistic and disciplined with capital allocation. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience and delivered an all-time high quarterly revenues. SPINRAZA continued to grow in key markets, including mature markets such as U.S., and we presented compelling new data for the NURTURE study. We grew our biosimilars business, driven by strong launch of IMRALDI. We added 4 new clinical programs to our pipeline, and we generated significant cash as we focus on strategically allocating capital towards the areas we believe have the highest potential return. 
Before I conclude, I would like to discuss how Biogen is evolving its strategy to drive long-term growth. Together with our Board of Directors, we have reflected on the opportunities before us, and we continue to believe that the core focus on neuroscience will lead to long-term shareholder value creation based on the large and growing epidemiology, breaking science and our deep neuroscience expertise and core capabilities. With that said, we are refining the 5 strategic priorities we outlined 2 years ago. 
Our overarching goals are to enhance our focus on our current commercial business, accelerate the areas with the most attractive opportunities to build new franchises, rebalance the risk/reward profile of our pipeline, prioritize our investment based on clinical data and widen our lens to new therapeutic areas. 
Our first priority remains unchanged: to maintain long-term leadership in MS and maximize the resilience of that franchise. 
Our second priority is to build out a broader leading franchise in neuromuscular disorders. We aim to build on SPINRAZA as the most successful rare disease launch ever, as we pursue multiple potential therapies for ALS as well as a muscle strengthening program with potential applicability across a broad range of neuromuscular diseases. We have reported very encouraging results for tofersen in SOD1 ALS, and we believe this has positive implication for our broader portfolio targeting other form of the disease. 
Our third priority is to continue developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio, while now also widening our lens to selectively follow the science into therapeutic adjacencies, including immunology. Mike will provide more details on our strategy in R&D. 
Our fourth priority is to unlock the potential of biosimilars as a continued growth driver as we work to create financial headroom for innovation in the health care system. We aim to both increase the size of our biosimilars portfolio and expand geographically. 
And fifth, in parallel, we will continue to drive efficiencies, including adopting digitalization in our operating model through continuous improvement, and we will be diligent in capital allocation as we aim to maximize returns for our shareholders. We believe these priorities reflect both the recent progress we made and the most attractive opportunities ahead of us. We are working diligently to rebalance the risk profile of our pipeline, leading us to prioritize the areas we believe have the greatest probability of success and highest potential return. 
Overall, Biogen's purpose remains the same: we aim to transform patients' lives by pioneering and leading neuroscience and therapeutic adjacencies. 
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress and long-term strategy in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. Biogen demonstrated strong commercial execution this quarter, and we continue to apply our world-class capabilities and expertise to progress our pipeline, all while maintaining a diligent focus on continuous improvement and strategic capital allocation. 
Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multifranchise portfolio, including 10 mid- to late-stage data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, stroke and ophthalmology and potential regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS. 
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. 
As we are closing a solid quarter, I would like to step back and comment on what we stand for as a company and how we conduct our business. We believe doing the right things for patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve will help build sustainable value for all our stakeholders, including our investors. After 41 years, we are extremely proud of our track record and commitment to sustainability. 
Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. 
With that, we will open the call for questions.

Mike?

So this is Michel. The underlining uptake of patients behind this very successful launch is the most, I'll say, positive news in mature markets and in emerging geographies where we are gaining access. So we remain confident. Obviously, there are more clinical trials in that space too and it's still the early days for these new therapeutic alternatives. And we welcome alternatives for patients based on the severity of the disease.

Geoff, thank you for asking this important question. Obviously, since we did not present at AAIC, it is clear to everybody that we are not ready. We are not finished with our analysis of the data first available at the cutoff date of the fragility analysis, but also the data that is coming after the cutoff date of the fragility. So Biogen said and will continue to follow the science and these analyses are of critical importance, as you can imagine for the patients, for the community, for public health and also for all the stakeholders. And at the same time, Biogen is trying to reach new frontiers, which is difficult to define. So we will present the results of ENGAGE and EMERGE studies at future medical meetings and I hope you appreciate that we cannot say much more at this stage.

So thanks for the good question. Obviously, we need to consider at the outset that the patients on TEC after the 4, 5 first weeks have stabilized and they are doing fine. So the strategy is not to switch, the strategy is to expand.

If I may just add to the good comments made by Mike, it's also the opportunity to widen the strategic lens and important readouts in the coming months with BIIB059 in lupus. So stay tuned.

So thank you all for attending our call today. Another very strong quarter for our company. Very exciting times at Biogen nowadays. Thank you. Talk to you soon.