Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you all know, the aducanumab Advisory Committee meeting is scheduled for November 6. This is our highest priority, and we are very focused on preparing for this meeting. At the same time, the TECFIDERA situation in the U.S. is clearly a near term challenge, which we will discuss.  
Before I continue, I'd like to welcome Mike McDonnell, our new CFO. Mike's background and track record of accomplishment make him well prepared to be a very strong contributor to Biogen, and I know he looks forward to getting to know many of you. 
Now let me review some key recent developments. First, we are very pleased that the FDA has accepted our BLA for aducanumab with priority review and has stated that, if possible, the plan to act early. As I mentioned, the Advisory Committee is, of course, an important event on the path to potential approval, and we are actively preparing to participate and share our perspective on our clinical data. 
Outside the U.S., early this month, we submitted a marketing authorization application in Europe, and we are preparing for a regulatory submission in Japan following a recent formal meeting with the PMDA.  
We have progressed in our U.S. launch readiness as we remain focused on appropriate engagement with scientific leaders, treatment sites, defining aducanumab's value proposition and establishing collaboration across multiple stakeholders to help prepare for the potential introduction of the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease. 
Outside the U.S., we are continuing to ramp up our launch readiness, particularly in Europe and Japan. Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our broader Alzheimer's disease portfolio, including BAN2401 in Phase III and multiple targeting programs targeting tau.  
Also in neurodegeneration, we are proud to be collaborating with Denali, a premier innovative neuroscience company pioneering novel approaches for treating brain diseases. This collaboration provides us a mid-stage small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor program, which expands our pipeline of potential therapies in Parkinson's disease across multiple modalities. 
We also received exclusive options rights to 2 programs for neurodegenerative diseases using Denali's innovative transport vehicle platform, including for amyloid beta antibodies. 
With a deep pipeline, aducanumab now under review and our recent collaboration with Denali, we believe we are well positioned to lead in the fight against both Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, the #1 and #2 most common neurodegenerative diseases with an urgent need for novel treatments. 
More broadly, we have continued to develop and expand our deep pipeline, which now includes 30 clinical assets with 8 in Phase III or filed, including the recent initiation of the Phase III program for dapirolizumab pegol in lupus with UCB. 
As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short and the long term.  
Let me now discuss where we see Biogen strategically as we believe we are in a transitional period with several upcoming inflection points. As we manage through the erosion of TECFIDERA in the U.S., Biogen remains focused on strong execution against our strategy. We are the leader in neuroscience with differentiated core capabilities as we aim to leverage breaking science to address the tremendous unmet medical need in this space. We are leveraging better understanding of disease biology, including the underlying genetics as well as advances in biomarkers, such as novel imaging of the brain to help reduce the risk in developing therapies for many previously intractable diseases. We are building on a strong financial track record with a core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, and we believe we are entering a new phase of important clinical readouts and value creation opportunities.  
We will continue to work to maximize the potential of our broad MS portfolio, including the launch of VUMERITY and life cycle management for TYSABRI and the interferons.  
Despite increased competition, we believe SPINRAZA can continue to grow and serve as a foundation of care based on the most well-established efficacy and safety profile in SMA. SPINRAZA has demonstrated sustained clinically meaningful benefit from presymptomatic infants to adults, and its safety profile has enabled us to begin assessing a higher dose for potentially even greater efficacy. We see biosimilars as another potential growth driver while providing headroom for innovation. We are working to expand into the U.S. and China with the potential to commercialize 2 new ophthalmology biosimilars with a global market opportunity of approximately $11 billion.  
Importantly, Samsung Bioepis recently announced that the marketing authorization application was accepted by the EMA for SB11, a potential biosimilar, referencing Lucentis.  
We remain optimistic about the prospect of launching aducanumab as the first therapy to meaningfully change the cost of Alzheimer's disease, and this will be an important short-term and long-term growth driver for the company. 
In addition to aducanumab, we believe our pipeline could enable a second wave of growth in the mid-2020s driven by areas such as ophthalmology, stroke, lupus and ALS. 
Importantly, we expect 6 mid- to late-stage data readouts by the end of 2021. We plan to continue pursuing external business development opportunities to further expand our pipeline. In just under 4 years, we have committed nearly $5 billion to business development and executed 20 transactions. 
Going forward, we will continue to prioritize the stability of our organization to support our current portfolio while preparing for the potential introduction of a number of new products, starting with aducanumab. We'll be focused on diligent execution, capturing every opportunity for efficiency and cost savings. 
In summary, we have continued to execute well on our strategy. We believe we are well positioned to serve our current and future patients as we build a multi-franchise portfolio, leveraging the interconnectivity of our deep neuroscience pipeline. We have a very strong balance sheet, and we will remain focused on maximizing long-term shareholder value creation.  
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Sorry. Thank you, Mike. Biogen has remained focused on strong execution across our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while continuing to advance our strategy of building a multi-franchise portfolio. I wanted to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients now and over the long term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately.
As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from investment we make. Again, we are actively preparing for the aducanumab Advisory Committee and a potential launch. The unmet medical need and cost to society for Alzheimer's are tremendous and mounting. 
Alzheimer's creates a cost burden of approximately $550 billion per year in the U.S. and the cost for caring for an Alzheimer's patient can be over $0.5 million. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of their independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease live in a nursing home at a per patient cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The approval of aducanumab would be an unprecedented milestone for patients, their families and society at large and will represent an important short-term and long-term growth driver for the company. 
Finally, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community, while accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. These issues are all interrelated. For example, environmental issues are central to human health.
To that end, I am incredibly proud of our recently launched 20-year $250 million Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives initiative. This includes a goal to eliminate our fossil fuel emission by 2040 and to be a catalyst for positive change by advancing the science around how fossil fuel impacts human health and taking action to promote climate and health equity.
Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. 
With that, we will open the call for questions.

So thanks for the good question. We are always obviously looking at savings opportunity and how to be an even more efficient operation, mostly when we face the potential launch of TEC in the U.S., which is certainly a material impact. We did extract approximately $400 million from our infrastructure in order to be a leaner and simpler organization, and we have an array of measures in place in order to simplify the back office and try to save additional resources. 
You need, obviously, to understand that we still have a $6 plus billion business with MS in a highly competitive environment where we need to absolutely resource in order to defend our leadership position. VUMERITY is immaterial for now, but is signing -- is demonstrating some good signs and we'll come back to it. So we need to stay on and continue to resource the launch of VUMERITY. And obviously, there is aducanumab. We use the learning from COVID and digitalization also to gain efficiency. But again, we need to continue to resource the base business. We need to prepare for the launch of aducanumab because we are optimistic and at the same time, we try really to save what we can.

So if I may add to what Mike said. TECFIDERA is still above $1 billion ex U.S. if we remove completely the U.S. market and is growing. And there are some countries where we are launching TECFIDERA. So we still continue to resource the overall $6 billion plus MS franchise and also TECFIDERA ex-U.S.

So let me take the first part of your question, Umer. So we are equally excited about all the interactions with regulators all around the world. Having said that, the U.S. FDA will certainly influence, as a cascade, all the regulators. We had actually to refocus our team on the U.S. FDA because we were [ pulled ] by other agencies who wanted to meet and wanted us to share the data. So I will not speak about China and other markets, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, et cetera. So certainly, the focus is on the U.S. FDA, the November 6. We are excited and we're optimistic. And then the others will unfold naturally, hopefully.

So we do remain, Evan, very active on BD. And the organization can continue to do both, return shareholder to the -- capital to the shareholders and also add to the business momentum. And we are prepared for both, working very hard on that.

Concerning the launch readiness, the short answer is absolutely yes. We have continued -- we have increased the medical engagement with scientific leaders, we have engaged with payers. We are working on the value proposition and the potential price. We are making progress. There is a cross-functional team working on the site readiness. They are willing to meet and to engage despite COVID. We have certainly enhanced the digital capability for which the baseline was already very strong. Patient engagement and patient services has been increased because we anticipate many, many requests, call advice from patients. We have a very rigorous approach to the potential launch by specializing, focusing first on the most important treatment centers, the specialists and then going to the broader population. Obviously, engaging with the Medicare. And again, the burden of this disease is so high that there is a high interest from all the parties we meet even if we are the only one building the infrastructure somehow, which is a challenge. But very pleased with the progress. We'll be ready.

So we are also making progress on the potential price for aducanumab should it be approved. It's still premature, but we are engaging broadly with pharmacoeconomists, ICER and other advisers. As I alluded into the note earlier, the cost to society is so high. We are working on certainly assessing very clearly the clinical meaningfulness and what will be the value that aducanumab will provide to the different set of customers, starting by the patients, the caregivers, the payers and all aspects related to this value creation that aducanumab will bring, not only the year 1, but over the entire life of the product. Even beyond potentially the patent -- when the patent expires. 
So it's too early. We'll come back to that. And we are taking this question with a lot of, I will say, serious focus and dedication and advice from others.

But if you want, I can add a bit more color on what we see in terms of market dynamic, at least in the U.S. with Evrysdi launch. Evrysdi combined with the COVID environment is certainly generating some switch from SPINRAZA and this is understandable because of the perceived convenience. But the SUNFISH data is showing clearly some mutation, mostly because of the off-target [ tox ] potentially and the 5-milligram ceiling that may impact efficacy while the weight of the kids increases and patients and physicians start to be aware about that. But nevertheless, at the time of launch, patients are attracted by a potential oral medication. But it's not that easy, 365 times a year with a challenging dosing versus 3 times a year only and being sure that you get the dose. 
So we believe that based on the data that we have and all the real-world evidence from infants presymptomatic to symptomatic adults, at the end of the day, safety and efficacy profile, efficacy profile mostly will prevail, should prevail. That's why we remain reasonably optimistic about SPINRAZA once this wave of enthusiasm is a bit behind us.

So just on -- to start on SPINRAZA, we saw approximately 200 patients, if I'm not mistaken, being switched to the new launch of Evrysdi. But again, we are confident that over time, SPINRAZA will remain the foundational therapy for the treatment of SMA. 
Concerning the first question on, what you think about the strategy if? Well, I would like to start by reminding, reasserting that we remain optimistic about the potential launch of adu, and this is the underlying assumption. But nevertheless, if adu fails, we are still in a very strong position, we'll still be very profitable. We have a deep pipeline, we have a strong balance sheet, and we have a large portfolio in CNS. And this will enable long-term growth and value creation. So the prospects are not solely defined by the binary event, but they will be certainly affected in case of adu filing. We have a pipeline. We have opportunity in optha, in stroke, in lupus, in ALS and biosimilars. We have the big deal with Denali. We have the rest of the portfolio in AD. The leadership position in neurodegenerative disease is still here, and we have overall 30 clinical assets, 8 filed or in Phase III. And we have the entire portfolio with life cycle management opportunities. And as I said, I believe that in SMA, SPINRAZA, will remain the foundational therapy. So the cost discipline will be there all the time as discussed by Mike.

Yes, on the life cycle management of MS, we've never been that rich in terms of clinical program and advancements in our MS portfolio and pipe: the early pipe with the BTK and all the opportunities we have to develop or codevelop some of our products; and we have life cycle management opportunity with TYSABRI with the EID; with subcu, AVONEX, a new label; PLEGRIDY, IM. So we have plenty of opportunities to create market events. And as you saw, despite the potential launch of a high efficacy product, the ofatumumab that becomes -- the class becomes -- the segment becomes very crowded. TYSABRI continues to do very well because it's very well documented and well appreciated by the patients and the physicians. So we are confident in the rest of the portfolio, I would say, beyond the challenging situation we are facing with the TEC in the U.S. There is an entire franchise beyond this very specific case. And the commitment of the company beyond RMS for remuneration over the long term. So Biogen continues to support MS like the day 1. 
So thank you all for your attention. Exciting time at Biogen, and we are all looking forward for early November for more news from the outcome and looking forward taking the company to the next step after these events. Thank you all. Have a good day.