Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
We have completed the first half of a transformative year for Biogen, with progress across our neuroscience portfolio. However, I would like to start by addressing the confusion and criticism surrounding the recent approval of ADUHELM.
We are cognizant of the key issues raised by the community and are working to provide additional clarity through the following goals: Exploring all options to maximize patient access, including for the underserved population and those more at risk due to ethnicity; educating on the updated label language, which I will discuss; publishing our Phase III results in a peer-reviewed journal and disseminating additional data to inform clinical practice, including the management of ARIA; expediting the execution of the Phase IV confirmatory study; and leveraging the unique data generation opportunity we have with EMBARK, the longest and most comprehensive longitudinal study for an Alzheimer's disease therapy.
Biogen stands behind our clinical data from 8 studies with more than 3,000 patients that supported accelerated approval. As the FDA's current chief stated publicly earlier this month, ADUHELM was approved appropriately on very solid grounds and represented the right thing to do for the patients.
I want to be clear that Biogen stands behind the integrity of the review process. Respectful dialogue between the industry and regulators is standard and essential to advance the understanding of the therapeutic data driving innovation, as demonstrated more recently by the COVID-19 vaccines development programs of last year.
We believe the accelerated approval pathway has transformed the treatment of oncology, and now has the potential to transform the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. We appreciate the concerns about the price, and are committed to ensure sustainability of the system and maximizing access for patients.
Without access, every day that passes, we estimate that approximately 1,000 Americans move from the early stage of Alzheimer's to moderate or severe dementia, and therefore, may no longer be appropriate for an any session of treatment with ADUHELM. This is why we are working with a sense of urgency to engage with the community, with payers, with CMS and with policymakers to discuss potential innovative approaches, with the goal of ensuring the price does not represent access issues for patients.
With that said, I would like to focus on the fundamentals. Another quarter with solid underlying financial performance that exceeded our expectation, the accelerated approval of ADUHELM for people suffering from Alzheimer's disease and key readouts across our diversified portfolio.
First, the accelerated approval of ADUHELM represents the first new therapy for Alzheimer's disease in almost 20 years. Biogen has a deep history of building new markets and delivering innovative and impactful therapies to patients in need. We pioneered and currently maintain the market-leading portfolio of therapies for MS. We delivered the first approved and market-leading therapy for SMA.
Now with ADUHELM, we have the first approved therapy to address a defining pathology of Alzheimer's disease, which we believe represents a significant value creation opportunity for years to come.
To lead us in successfully executing on our long-term leadership strategy, I am pleased to announce that Rachid Izzar will be head of our newly created Alzheimer's disease and dementia business unit and will join the Executive Committee of Biogen. Rachid is currently in charge of Biogen's intercontinental region and our biosimilars business unit. His experience across multiple geographies and global position will serve us well as he works to maximize our potential impact on the lives of people living with this devastating disease.
We have seen strong indications of very high initial patient interest in ADUHELM as well as increased referrals from PCPs to specialists. However, it will take some time for sites to get up and running. While some large centers have said they will refrain for now for administering ADUHELM to patients, many other sites are moving forward with internal processes, such as pharmacy and therapeutics or P&T committee review, with some accelerating faster than we had originally planned.
Of the 900 sites approximately, which we expected to be ready shortly after approval, we estimate that approximately 325 or 35% have completed a P&T review with a positive outcome or indicated that they won't require a P&T review. We have also seen some sites leverage external infusion centers if they face internal resistance or awaiting clarity on their facilities internal process. We continue to believe that, consistent with our clinical trials, most specialists will require confirmation of amyloid beta pathology, either via PET or CSF, which is also taking time to schedule and coordinate.
In terms of reimbursement, it is still the early days, and I'm pleased to say that we have seen the first examples of Medicare Advantage plans approving pre-authorization. We welcome the recent opening of a national coverage determination analysis by CMS for monoclonal antibodies targeting amyloid beta, including ADUHELM. We believe this process will provide additional clarity on coverage for Medicare beneficiaries and drive consistency of access across the country. 
We expect that regional Medicare administrative contractors and Medicare Advantage plans will provide coverage of our ADUHELM while the NCD analysis is underway. We believe that CMS's swift decision to initiate the NCD analysis is a testament to the large unmet need in Alzheimer's disease and the urgency to clarify access for patients.
We obtained new label language for ADUHELM in July to clarify that treatment should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease or mild Alzheimer's dementia. This is the population studied in our clinical trials and where we generated clinical evidence, as stated in Section 14 of the ADUHELM label. This updated language aligns with our consistent expectation that ADUHELM will be prescribed mainly by specialists for patients in the early stage of Alzheimer's disease. And this update has been well received by the community, including prescribers, payers and policymakers.
Outside the U.S., we continue to engage with regulators regarding the ongoing review in Europe, Japan and other markets, while also continuing to submit new regulatory filing around the world. In addition, we are pursuing early access mechanisms wherever possible, including an early access program and a charge managed access program.
We recognize that building a new market for Alzheimer's disease is an unprecedented undertaking. And that this is just the beginning of our journey, as we aim to make ADUHELM and potentially lecanemab accessible to patients around the world. We believe our teams are well equipped to successfully execute on a well-defined strategy aimed at long-term leadership for Biogen in Alzheimer's disease.
Second, this quarter, our pipeline delivered meaningful mid- to late-stage results in key areas, including depression, stroke and biosimilars. The positive WATERFALL Phase III trial of zuranolone in major depressive disorder is a significant milestone towards bringing a differentiated potential treatment option to the 17 million patients suffering from depression in the U.S. alone.
The observed rapid onset of benefit in as soon as 3 days, in addition to a differentiated tolerability profile and 2-week dosing regimen, underscore our belief that if approved, zuranolone would be a multibillion-dollar product.
We were also excited to see positive data from the Phase IIa trial of TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke. Stroke is a second leading cause of death worldwide, and those who survive may suffer irreversible damage of the brain. We are highly encouraged by the results of the trial, and we immediately moved forward with executing the option to acquire TMS-007.
Should both zuranolone and TMS-007 be approved, Biogen will be in a leadership position in offering novel therapies for Alzheimer's disease, the #1 neurodegenerative disease, depression, one of the most common mental health disorder, and stroke, a leading cause of neurologic disability.
In addition to these results, we had a positive Phase III readout for our biosimilar referencing ACTEMRA. With these positive results in hand, we begin to prepare for a regulatory filing.
As with any company engaging in breakthrough science, we also had setbacks in some programs, including our anti-tau antibody in Alzheimer's disease and our gene therapy programs in ophthalmology.
Third, we reported a solid quarter as we continued to execute well across our core business of MS, SMA and biosimilars. And we are pleased to be raising our revenue guidance for the year, which Mike will discuss.
Q2 overall MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties, was $1.8 billion. Putting aside the entry of TECFIDERA generics in the U.S., our broader MS business continued to demonstrate resilience, with a 5% increase in patients worldwide. This performance underscore our ability to execute well.
We were very pleased to see continued revenue growth for VUMERITY, which remains the #1 oral MS product in terms of new prescriptions in the U.S. We believe this performance is a testament to VUMERITY's strong product profile. Given the progress of the VUMERITY launch to date, in addition to planned ex U.S. launches, we believe VUMERITY can reach over $1 billion in annual sales over time.
We also continued to invest in new potential treatment to address the remaining unmet medical needs in -- for MS patients. Last week, we announced a license and collaboration agreement with InnoCare for orelabrutinib, an innovative CNS penetrant Phase II BTK inhibitor for the potential treatment of all forms of MS. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions.
Next, SPINRAZA generated second quarter global revenues of $500 million. While SPINRAZA is facing competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, we were encouraged to see that SPINRAZA discontinuation continued to decrease versus Q1 of this year. Total revenue in the U.S. was flat versus the prior quarter. And SPINRAZA continued to perform very well outside the U.S. with 23% revenue growth versus Q2 of last year.
SPINRAZA remains the market-leading treatment for SMA. And we stand behind SPINRAZA's proven efficacy and well-established safety profile across all types of SMA. In fact, our market research indicates that SPINRAZA's perceived efficacy among adults has improved over the past year and exceeds the efficacy perception for therapeutic alternatives, including Risdiplam.
Although we face near-term competitive pressure in SMA, we believe SPINRAZA can continue to grow over the medium to long term, both in the U.S. and globally, driven by overall market growth, the efficacy and safety profile in all age groups, continued data generation, particularly in older patients, and further geographic expansion.
Our biosimilars business delivered revenue of $202 million this quarter. While we remain focused on executing against our currently marketed therapies, we also look to expand our portfolio, including our recent collaboration with Bio-Thera and a positive CHMP opinion for our biosimilar referencing Lucentis.
Fourth, we still have 2 key Phase III readouts anticipated in the remainder of 2021. This includes the Phase III study for tofersen, potentially the first genetically targeted therapy for ALS, as well as an additional Phase III for zuranolone in major depressive disorder.
Given the incredible unmet medical need in ALS and encouraging results from the prior tofersen trial, we recently initiated an individual compassionate use program to provide tofersen to the most rapidly progressing patients suffering from SOD1-ALS.
Taken together, these developments represent a significant step forward in our goal of transforming Biogen from what was once an MS company to one that is built upon a multifranchise portfolio across a broad spectrum of neuroscience therapeutic areas.
I would like now to turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our progress in R&D.

Thank you, Mike.
It is an exciting time at Biogen. And it is all about execution for the coming period. Our base MS, SMA, biosimilars business is performing well, demonstrating resilience despite competition. We have an incredible opportunity together with Eisai. And we are completely focused on operational execution for the global launch of ADUHELM, and hopefully soon, lecanemab.
We have positive Phase III data for zuranolone in depression. And we are anxiously awaiting data for tofersen in SOD1-ALS. We believe we have a significant value creation opportunity ahead of us. We stand behind the clinical data for ADUHELM, including the integrity of the approval process. Again, today, our top priority is patient access, including for the underserved population and those more at risk due to ethnicity. And we are open to innovative approaches to ensure budget sustainability.
In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realized without their passion and commitment.
We will now open the call for questions.

Thank you, Jay, for the great questions. I will get started, and I guess Al will add. So again, it's -- and you're absolutely right in your question and your description of what we are exposed to. But we are not the one suffering the most. It's still the early days in the launch. It's still the beginning. And whatever the motives of the controversy are, the one who are potentially misled, confused, denied help are the patients. 
If we look at the past experience, progress has to be made with the first step. And we can look at HIV, oncology or MS, as Al said. And let me bring you back to early 1990s and HIV. The FDA approved a first product based on CD4 counts. And there were tremendous controversy. Then they were progressed on viral loads, and then survival. And then 29 products or so were approved until today. And today, it's managed HIV as a chronic disease. This came with tremendous investment in the field. And the importance of the biomarker is that it's often present prior to the clinical symptoms. And this situation, this scenario could very well be the same for AD. Where are those today who were fighting at that time the biomarker-based approval for HIV therapies a few years back? The same applies to oncology. 
Al?

Thanks for the question, Mike. I will start, and then Alisha will give you much more granularity because she's closer to the operation. The background noise and the controversy are unfortunate and not helpful, mostly for the patients. And they are confusing. Nevertheless, the team is making a lot of progress, and I'm very proud about their hard work. Overall, it's a bit slower than what we assumed, but we are making tremendous progress with some positives and some headwinds. 
Alisha?

So more to come on. That, but you can assume that since we had only 2 weeks, a big chunk of it is basically a channel. AL?

And I would like to add that it's good to see followers with the same mechanism of action and a type of class effect that is so challenged. And as Biogen, we welcome new players, and some of them being competition and some being partners. That's good for the clinician. That's good for the patient, by definition.

Thank you, Alisha.

And if we step back, I would say, this type of confusion is something we have seen all the way. When we launched SPINRAZA, there was the same confusion. And the controversy is not adding to the clarity and is making people being more fear. But we start to see things moving in the right direction. It's a beginning of a process. We are still at the early days.

Alisha?

Yes. I just want to reinforce what Alisha just said. And I had the opportunity to engage with many clinicians and scientific leaders, including some from some of the centers that denied. It's the beginning of a process. And I think that we have also the responsibility to provide more data, as AL said, and we are working on that actively. Remember, we have the richest database in AD in EMBARK.

Chirfi would like to add something.

Okay. So for the first time ever, we have an FDA approval -- accelerated approval product for Alzheimer's disease based on clear data, showing the reduction in amyloinebetaplaque, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, and in this case, a reduction in clinical decline. Can we now urgently turn our attentions to the patients in need the way we did for HIV and oncology? 
Thank you all for your attention today.