Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I will start by briefly reviewing our financial performance, and Mike will provide more details. For the fourth quarter, Biogen generated approximately $2.7 billion in revenue, representing a decrease of 4% year-over-year as we continued to experience the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to the impact of generic entry.
Fourth quarter 2021 non-GAAP earnings were $3.39 a share. We believe this performance reinforces Biogen's ability to execute well. However, given a number of challenges we have faced recently, we announced that we will implement cost reduction measures, which are expected to yield approximately $500 million in annualized savings, and Mike will provide additional details.
Let me now say a few words regarding the proposed National Coverage Determination, or NCD, for the class of monoclonal antibodies directed against amyloid for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. As currently written, the proposed NCD calls for coverage with evidence development or a CED, which will provide reimbursement only for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in an approved randomized controlled trial.  
In reaching this proposed recommendation, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, highlighted 3 key areas of focus for this class of therapies, all of which have implications for ADUHELM. First, CMS believes there are gaps in the data on the clinical benefit of these therapies. Second, CMS believes more information is needed about the potential risks of removing amyloid, principally ARIA. And third, CMS would like additional data to be generated on the underrepresented communities in which Alzheimer's disease is more prevalent. 
These are also areas of focus for Biogen with many important initiatives already underway. We have committed to constructive engagement with CMS to address their concerns, and we agree with CMS that additional data may be helpful to continue to characterize the benefit-risk profile for this class of therapies. 
Now that ADUHELM is approved by the FDA, we believe the most helpful data generation can really only be generated from greater drug utilization in real-world practice. We also agree with CMS that the final NCD decision should not lead to a duplication of ongoing activities. As currently postured, however, we believe the proposed CED requirements will be prohibitive for patients, overly burdensome, costly to companies and duplicative of the data that will be generated from ongoing trials and the FDA's existing required post-marketing requirements. 
We believe the best way to address the concerns of CMS is to supplement the data from the ADUHELM Phase III studies. We generated data over 3,000 patients by taking a multipronged approach, leveraging the Phase IV confirmatory study, ENVISION; our EMBARK redosing study, which has enrolled approximately 1,700 patients; the ongoing ICARE AD registry; the ongoing Phase III studies of other antibodies in the class; and other ongoing and anticipated real-world data generation efforts. We believe this extensive data generation opportunity will adequately address any open question regarding the clinical efficacy and safety of amyloid beta lowering therapies. 
On this note, we expect to begin patient screening for the ENVISION study in May of this year with the primary completion date anticipated approximately 4 years later. This is expected to be a global placebo-controlled trial aiming to enroll 1,500 patients with MCI due to Alzheimer's disease or mild Alzheimer's disease with confirmation of amyloid beta pathology. The planned primary end point will be CDR-Sum of Boxes at 18 months, with a planned long-term extension for up to 48 months. 
We believe this study, combined with the other studies I mentioned, should address the questions raised by CMS. Therefore, we will continue to advocate for an NCD that provides rapid and equitable patient access by providing coverage only for the patients identified as most appropriate for treatment in our FDA-approved label, which generally aligns to our Phase III clinical trial population.
We also believe this multipronged approach will allow for more equal access in all communities. We have concerns that the restrictions of the proposed CED would unfairly exclude access for patients in underserved communities and geographically remote areas. In contrast, we expect both ENVISION and our ICARE AD registry, which seeks to enroll up to 6,000 participants, to obtain more representative data from those communities by aiming to enroll 16% to 18% of U.S. participants from Black and Hispanic population.  
In summary, we will advocate for a final CED that strikes a better balance between patient access for an FDA-approved therapy today and the desire for additional data that can only be gathered over time and with higher levels of drug utilization in the real world. We look forward to discussing this consideration with CMS and working towards a final decision that is in the best interest of patients.  
Beyond the NCD last quarter, we presented additional data from the ADUHELM Phase III clinical trial showing the effect on downstream tau Alzheimer's biology and the correlation between plasma p-tau reduction and less cognitive and functional decline. In addition, we published the Phase III ARIA findings in JAMA Neurology.  
As we look forward, we aim to expand both within and beyond neuroscience with a focus on 4 pillars to drive growth and value creation. First, we intend as a company to build on our strong foundation in neuroscience, where we currently have 26 programs in clinical development. 
Second, we have what we believe to be 2 compelling Phase III programs in lupus. This is a therapeutic area with a different risk profile, and we are continuing to evaluate additional opportunities in specialized immunology.
Third, over the last several years, we have also built a very successful new business with our biosimilars. We recently announced an agreement to sell our stake in the Samsung Bioepis joint venture to Samsung Biologics, with Biogen remaining in our current role as the commercialization partner for the Samsung Bioepis anti-TNF portfolio and ophthalmology programs. We currently anticipate that this transaction will close in mid-2022. Once closed, going forward, we will have an expanded ability to pursue the biosimilars business on our own as we aim to bring more biosimilar products to more patients in more geographies. Mike will provide more details.
And lastly, we are also focused on accelerating our efforts in digital health to support our commercial and pipeline programs while also creating opportunities for potential digital therapeutics. To this point, we have built a dedicated digital health portfolio, which includes the recently announced new collaboration with TheraPanacea with the aim of leveraging our significant database, but also machine learning, artificial intelligence to develop digital health solution that may improve patient care, accelerate drug development and further the understanding of underlying pathologies.  
Our progress across these 4 pillars provides us with the potential for 2 future waves of growth as we launch in new therapeutic areas and build new franchises. First, over the next few years, we believe we have a significant potential in Alzheimer's disease and depression, 2 large therapeutic areas with significant and unmet needs. In Alzheimer's disease, we have a deep pipeline of clinical and preclinical assets leveraging multiple modalities and targets, including both amyloid and tau. With ADUHELM and lecanemab, Biogen and Eisai have 2 out of the 4 potential anti-amyloid antibody therapies that are either approved or in late-stage development. In depression, we are collaborating with Sage Therapeutics on zuranolone, which we believe has the potential to provide a valuable new option for patients suffering from major depressive disorder and postpartum depression. 
We believe our second future waves of growth anticipated in the mid- to late 2020s will be driven by a number of diverse therapeutic areas, including stroke, Parkinson's disease and lupus with some of these programs already in Phase III. These anticipated future waves of growth will be supported by our diversified pipeline, which today includes 32 clinical programs, 10 of which are in Phase III or filed.
Additionally, outside of our core business, we are pleased to have recently exercised an option for mosunetuzumab, a late-stage investigational bispecific antibody targeting CD20 and CD3 in development by Genentech for oncology and potentially other indications. Exercise of this option will provide Biogen with a profit share, while Genentech will lead strategy and implementation with an expected FDA filing in the near future. This builds on Biogen and Genentech's long history of productive collaboration, which began with rituximab. 
Our focus in 2022 will remain on execution and agility as we expect a number of important milestones. This includes the continued launch of ADUHELM in the U.S., the launch of VUMERITY in the EU and our expected entry into the U.S. biosimilars market with BYOOVIZ. We expect 5 data readouts, 3 of which are in Phase III; and the completion of 3 regulatory filings in Alzheimer's disease, depression and biosimilars.  
Before I turn the call over to Priya for an update on our progress in R&D, I want to first say how impressed I am by what I have seen from Priya, both as the Head of Safety and Regulatory Science and most recently as our acting head of R&D. Her ability to lead, her strategic thinking and her subject matter expertise give me the utmost confidence in her ability to advance our pipeline while we work to name a permanent successor. 
Please go ahead, Priya.

Thank you, Mike. In summary, 2021 was an eventful year for Biogen. ADUHELM is now the first FDA-approved treatment targeting a defining pathology of Alzheimer's disease. But as we all know, this is a complex disease, which will require continued investment in research over the years to come. 
ADUHELM is an important first step, and we remain focused on advancing our leading portfolio with the goal of further addressing the remaining unmet needs for patients. We hope that over time, we'll be able to bring additional impactful treatment options, which will build on the scientific learnings from ADUHELM, similar to the waves of innovation we have seen in oncology.
Before I conclude, let me touch on Biogen's strong commitment to corporate responsibility. Climate, health and equity are deeply interrelated challenges that demand bold action, and that's why we are working to advance a healthier, more sustainable and equitable world. 
Through our signature initiative, Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives, and other efforts, our goal is to create new ways of doing business that positively impact the way we live and the way we deliver for patients. We are proud that our leadership actions and transparency in this area has been recognized recently by the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, Corporate Knights Global 100 and JUST 100. Through this work, we aim to create shareholder value by meeting the needs of our patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve. 
In closing, I would like to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path forward for the patients and access of ADUHELM. We will now open the call for questions.

Thanks for the question. As you know, we have a strong balance sheet, and we are continuously looking at how we can deliver long-term shareholder value. So we are actively working on some business development opportunities to enrich our pipeline, complement our portfolio in line with our strategy. And we will look at the deals based on their own merit, and we are working on that.

And Robyn, if I may, an important consideration is now that we can create more value with our biosimilars portfolio, more products, more geographies.

Thank you, Mike. I will get started and then my colleagues will come in. First of all, we take into account with a lot of caution all the areas of focus that CMS has communicated. And based on those, we look at all the initiatives underway in order to scientifically fulfill the question they have being on the benefits risk, being on ARIA, being on disparity.
And we have a lot going on, from international studies, EMBARK and ENVISION on top of the Phase III. And now the time together with CMS to engage into a broad, real-world evidence set of initiatives already underway, like ICARE AD. But we are contemplating even more. That could be disease registry and more. So we are engaging with CMS constructively, demonstrating empathy to try to find the path forward that will be the best for patients. Alisha?

And Mike, as a closing comment, if I may. As a company, we are fully committed to deliver on this data being -- the international study being the real world ones. And we believe that this extensive data generation will adequately address any open question raised by CMS.

So this is assumption driven at the same time for TEC, at the same time as already communicated, we are launching VUMERITY in 20 markets within the EU.

Priya?

Thanks for the very fair question. As I communicated, we will remain as a team, agile and flexible. And obviously, we will do everything we can to preserve our operating results while delivering on the strategy. We do believe in leca, but we will take some aggressive steps should the NCD remain on the current form.

No. I mean it's a continuation of the very good partnership that we have with Genentech since rituximab, and we have benefited from a remarkable cash flow contribution that we all appreciate and even now, even if there are biosimilars. So it's a continuation. It's not a shift of strategy.
I communicated the 4 pillars of growth, and we remain focused on those. And we believe that we are set for long-term shareholder value generation by sticking -- by staying the course and delivering on those.

Priya?

So I think that we all have to do a better job including diverse population unfortunately affected with the high level of incidence for the disease in interventional studies and real-world studies. And this is what we are doing. And I think, I hope, that this will be well received by CMS.
And we did communicate that for the ENVISION study, we aim to reach from 16% to 18% of diverse population, the same in real world with ICARE AD. So moving forward, we'll gather much more data, and the same for the other real-world evidence opportunities that we are sharing with CMS.

So we will comment certainly on the life cycle management opportunity. Priya will say a few words. But I just want to outline and come back to the first area of concern communicated in the draft NCD, which is basically benefit risk and questioning the hypothesis and the class in terms of mode of action and positive impact on the patients. And this, obviously, is independent from any formulation. Priya?

Priya?

I just want to outline once more that we are working very closely with Eisai at finding synergies in terms of capabilities of both organizations and how we can optimize the value for both compounds.

Thank you, Salim, for giving me the opportunity to answer this question. I will invite you to look at all the BD deals that were performed during the past 5 years versus the previous 5 years. And I think this will give you an idea about the alignment. 
But it doesn't mean that it's an easy road. It means that we have challenge as management. We really need to have open discussion between the Board and management to secure that we are in the best position to allocate capital. But we were able and we continue to be able to work together in order to move forward the organization in the best strategic position, the way we believe we are today compared with the period before. 
Look at the 4 pillars of growth. Look what we are doing with biosimilars. We are enriching the cash flow generation opportunity. And even if we are in the unfortunate situation of losing the rituximab and TECFIDERA and a delay launch by almost a year eventually if NCD is positive for ADUHELM, we are still in a multibillion cash flow generation opportunity. We work together very closely.
So thank you all for this good engagement. And I would like really to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and all the other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path for immediate patient access to ADUHELM. Thank you all for your attention today.