Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This is an exciting time for Biogen. In addition to key developments across our pipeline, which includes 12 programs in Phase III or filed, we continue to execute progress and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance.
I would like to begin by reviewing the important advances we made this quarter and what we believe they mean for Biogen. Priya will then review our recent progress in R&D and Mike will discuss our third quarter performance. First, together with Eisai, we were excited to announce the positive results from CLARITY AD, the Phase III study of lecanemab in early Alzheimer's disease. For over 15 years, Biogen has been working relentlessly to bring forward new therapeutics in Alzheimer's disease, incorporating both new insights in disease biology and clinical trial design.  
And today, we celebrate the positive CLARITY AD readout as a significant achievement in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. The results from Clarity AD illustrated several key aspects of lecanemab's clinical profile, which we believe could provide a meaningful benefit for patients. First, lecanemab administration showed a highly statistically significant reduction in clinical decline as early as 6 months, which expanded over the 18 months study period on an absolute basis, consistent with the disease-modifying effect.  
Second, the study was positive on all key secondary endpoints. This includes measure of cognition as well as activities of daily living such as conducting personal finances, performing household tasks and independently traveling out of home. Third, the rate of ARIA within Clarity AD was within expectations. With an FDA decision on accelerated approval expected by January 6 of next year and Eisai's plan to file for traditional approval in the U.S., EU and Japan by the end of Q1 2023, lecanemab has the potential to be the first globally approved treatment to slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease.  
We look forward to working with Eisai as they continue to engage both regulators and CMS with a goal of ensuring that people with Alzheimer's disease have access to important new treatments. We believe that Clarity AD results underscore the progress we are making in the fight against Alzheimer's. But Biogen will not stop here. We plan to build upon our current learnings as we continue to advance a diversified pipeline of potential Alzheimer's treatment. This includes 2 clinical-stage assets targeting tau pathology, BIIB080, our Phase II-ready antisense oligonucleotide and BIIB113, a Phase I small molecule.  
Beyond Alzheimer's Biogen has important opportunities in other therapeutic areas where the unmet medical need remains significant. This includes depression where, together with Sage, we are continuing to advance the regulatory filing for zuranolone in both major depressive disorders and postpartum depression. With a novel mechanism of action, efficacy observed as early as 3 days and a consistent safety and tolerability profile across 8 clinical studies, we believe that zuranolone, if approved, could be a meaningful new therapy for depression.  
Second, the FDA has accepted our filing for tofersen in SOD1-ALS under the accelerated approval pathway and granted priority review. While the study did not meet the primary endpoint at 6 months, longer follow-up has shown that patients who remain on tofersen experienced a slow rate of decline in key clinical measures, including lung functions, muscle strength and quality of life. We are truly encouraged by these results in such a debilitating and fatal disease and look forward to an FDA decision expected by April of next year.  
We believe this near-term opportunities, along with new launches of biosimilars, have the potential to drive renewed growth and position us to have 5 key franchises by 2025. Furthermore, we see the potential for additional growth drivers in the mid to late 2020s in areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke, all with programs currently in Phase III. Overall, we believe that we are at an inflection point in CNS drug discovery and development. And these recent developments embody key advancements that are being made in neuroscience.  
For years, Biogen has been expanding our expertise and capabilities in this area. And we believe that we are well positioned to remain a leader in neuroscience as we work to usher in the new next wave of CNS therapeutics while also advancing our portfolio in specialized immunology where we have 4 late-stage studies in lupus.  
I will now turn the call over to Priya for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thanks for the question, Umer. I can tell you that the relationship is very solid since many years. I have the opportunity to meet and to align with our -- my counterpart on a very regular basis. And I will do that once more in the coming days. The team are working together very closely. The co-commercialization, co-marketing is being discussed while we speak and is not yet determined. And -- but overall, the relationship is sound and solid. Mike, do you want to add something?

Thanks for this important question. I think it all depends to the strength of the evidence. We are very pleased with the top line results on the primary and secondaries. We are all looking forward for CTAD and for a coming publication in order to assess the level of evidence that will be considered by CMS and that will imply the path forward. Priya?

I can tell you that we do remain very active on BDs -- in evaluating BD. Obviously, the portfolio is strong. And as we said during the prepared remarks, we have 12 Phase IIIs of filed products and we are getting prepared for AD, ALS, MDD and PPD. So we are all very busy. Nevertheless, BD is on the table because the portfolio can always be improved. And we are evaluating every week prospects and we are making progress. We've made more than 30 deals in the past few years, but we continue to be very active. Priya and Mike?

Mike, do you want to add anything to BD?

So as Priya said very eloquently, neurodegeneration takes more prominence in our productization process. And we are in a position to lead in AD and we are looking at actively at all the targets and assets we could acquire, but also beyond.

So we'll be all in on [indiscernible], together with the great partners that we have, and we will do everything we can to secure access of the product to the patients after regulatory process. Nevertheless, the Clarity AD reinforces the finding that removing aggregated form of Abeta in the brain can be associated with the slowing down of the cognitive decline. And this is very important and this is what we have shown with ADU. And we have patients currently being dosed on the EMBARK study. And Priya will say more that.

Thanks for the question. I will start and Mike will add on. It was not reasonable based on the timeline and the gap between the ADU NCD decision and the lecanemab readout and then regulatory process to keep a large force on board. This will not have been reasonable. So we had no choice than to take the actions that we took. Now there is a new page. And together with the partners, we are assessing, considering the benefits -- the strength, the relative strength of each company, in each continent since we intend to file for full approval at the same time approximately in the U.S., in Europe and Japan, should we have the accelerated approval early in the year. We are planning the investment but we are not yet completely there. So we'll do that in a very paced and controlled manner and we'll take it from here. Mike?

And I will say -- and if I may, I will say that we have a new process ahead of us. What we thought couple of years ago is that an accelerated will mean product launch and this was not the case. So here now, we have a new process that was outlined and then we'll be very much controlled in the way we spend the company's resource to scale up.

So Eisai has the lead in engaging regulators and payers. And from what we know is that Eisai has already initiated engagement with CMS. So they're responsible for this activity. And at this stage, I will not provide more details. But the engagement is there, which is the most important.

And if I may add on the mind share. The epidemiology is so large. There is so much to be built in terms of infrastructure that I -- we all welcome the efforts of other companies. Specifically about lecanemab, and I know that you have engaged with scientific leaders, some of you. We have engaged with scientific leaders and clinicians. I think the feedback is very positive from what we hear. And at the end of the day, it will be the efficacies at 6 months and expanded over a period of 18-month study and the safety that will make the difference between the compounds. But at this stage, we welcome every effort to prepare the market for the patients in need.

As you can anticipate, we cannot comment. It's Eisai's decision and we will not interfere with this process.

I think your question was about ex U.S. SPINRAZA. Yes, so we see 2 types of dynamic. We see a European momentum that is being slowed down by the launch of risdiplam. But we are sharing data on the switch from patients, patients from the U.S. from risdiplam back to SPINRAZA for efficacy reason. So I think -- and we are learning from the U.S. So it's a matter of time. We are learning from the U.S. We're delighted by the U.S. results. And we believe that this becomes a model for what other continents should learn from. And ex core Europe, we see a very rapid growth in terms of volume, but the price is not the same. 
So this is the momentum ex U.S. Overall, we are delighted by the U.S. results where we can see SPINRAZA coming back and we believe the product will resume its momentum to growth gradually. Mike, do you want to add?

So what we saw for ADUHELM is that the system has shown some adaptability by shifting some of the existing infusion center to a potentially ADUHELM at that time should there be a reimbursement. We never got reimbursement, so this never happened. And overall, I believe there is a need to upscale and the capacity has to be much larger. But from our learning, we could see that the system was flexible and adaptable based on the current capacity.

Mike?