Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
First, let me begin with some financial highlights. Biogen started 2018 with first quarter revenues of $3.1 billion. 
On an apples-to-apples basis, excluding hemophilia, revenues grew 15% versus the same period a year ago, including hemophilia revenue grew 11%. 
First quarter 2018 GAAP earnings were $5.54 a share, a 60% increase versus the same period a year ago. And non-GAAP EPS was $6.05, a 16% increase versus the same period a year ago. 
We are pleased with our double-digit top line and bottom line growth. 
Our new management team is taking meaningful action to secure our long-term leadership in neuroscience, including strong execution on our core business, a renewed focus on business development, ramping up our internal R&D productivity and implementing an enhanced operating model designed for the future. 
Now let me review the solid progress we made in the first quarter. 
First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties delivered revenues of $2.1 billion. Globally, our core franchise remained resilient as reflected by continued growth in number of MS patients and new starts on Biogen therapy. 
In the U.S., the good news is that we saw improving demand of our MS products and our discontinuations remain relatively stable. 
However, we saw the usual seasonality and a larger-than-expected inventory drawdown. 
Outside of the U.S., our volumes grew in our priority markets and we continued our strong progress in the emerging markets. Overall, this performance is in line with our expectations. But there are some puts and takes that Jeff will discuss in more details. 
We remain absolutely committed to our MS business and we are furthering our life cycle management initiatives by advancing the development of BIIB098 with our partner, Alkermes, with a plan to file for regulatory approval in the U.S. later this year; by initiating efficacy studies and further data generation for the extended interval dosing for TYSABRI, as we build on the data presented at ACTRIMS; by beginning the development of PLEGRIDY IM as another potential convenient and efficacious option to bolster our market-leading interferon franchise; and by continuing to pursue opicinumab as a potential remyelination therapy. 
Second, SPINRAZA, the only approved medicine for SMA with global revenues of $364 million. The number of patients on SPINRAZA grew to approximately 4,100, an increase of over 25% from last quarter and Jeff will be providing more details on this performance. 
Overall, worldwide SPINRAZA performance was slightly ahead of our expectations as lower-than-expected U.S. uptake in the adult segment was offset by stronger-than-anticipated performance ex U.S. 
We continue to focus our efforts and resources on the more than 5,000 untreated pediatric and adult patients in the U.S. and even greater number of untreated patients outside of the U.S. that we believe could benefit from SPINRAZA. 
In the U.S., we believe we have dosed more than half of infants and close to half of pediatric patients where we believe much more opportunity remains. 
At the end of the first quarter, approximately 25% of patients treated in the U.S. were adults, 18-years or older and increased from 20% last quarter. We believe this is very encouraging trend, particularly now that we have expanded our sales team and can dedicate more resources and efforts to the large pediatric and adult segment of the SMA population. 
Outside of the U.S., we continue to expand access and we are now treating over 1,800 patients. 
We believe the rapid and sequential reimbursement approvals and future launches are critical to achieve our long-term goals. I am especially proud of our team's success, securing reimbursement in an additional 7 markets, meaning we now have reimbursement in 24 countries, of which 17 achieved formal reimbursement and 7 have individual case-by-case reimbursement. We now have formal reimbursement for over 400 million covered lives ex U.S. And we expect to receive formal reimbursement in at least 7 more countries by the end of 2018. 
In summary, beyond the seasonality and channel dynamics, our core MS business continued to be resilient and we continue to see significant future growth potential for SPINRAZA. 
Third, we expanded further our neuroscience pipeline and capabilities. We added BIIB104, a Phase II asset for neuropsychiatry and we entered into an exclusive 10-years collaboration agreement with Ionis, that we believe will differentiate Biogen as the leader in developing ASO therapies for neurological diseases. 
We believe our exclusive access to Ionis market-leading ASO platform for the CNS is a remarkable competitive advantage that has the potential to generate a steady flow of transformative medicines into our pipeline. 
Our cash generation remains very strong and continues to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility in terms of capital allocation. 
Importantly, and as we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns over the long term for our shareholders, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment. 
As you can see, our newly aligned management team is implementing our updated strategy and delivering noticeable results. We remain highly focused on implementing well on both our MS and SMA core businesses. We are working to create a leaner and simpler operating model and we are strategically allocating capital as we invest to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio, again with the objective of maximizing shareholder returns. 
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. We closed the first quarter with solid double-digit revenue and earnings growth and with the momentum across our business that we anticipated. In line with our strategic priorities, we allocated capital to both invest in our differentiated pipeline and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. We do not intend to pause or slow down here. We believe there will be plenty more we can accomplish through the rest of 2018. 
Looking forward, within the next 12 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including: completing enrollment of aducanumab; dosing the first patient with our gene therapy for SMA; data readouts across MS, Alzheimer's, neuropathic pain, ophthalmology and ALS; initiation of Phase III studies in stroke and neuropathic pain; and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS. 
Overall, as we have communicated in the past, our goal is to secure the long-term growth potential of Biogen beyond just aducanumab. 
We believe we have made progress between the potential 2019 U.S. launch of BIIB098, the potential launch of late-stage assets for stroke, PSP neuropathic pain in the early 2020s, and our continued progress to bolster our early and mid-stage pipeline, but we clearly have more work to do to achieve these goals. 
Importantly, and for the long-term growth of Biogen, we are focused on our 8 priority markets with the U.S. remaining the most significant driver. However, as we execute on our strategy and selectively expand our global footprint, we are seeing evidence that there is likely more long-term growth opportunity than we expected in the EU and in the emerging markets. Our MS volumes continue to grow outside of the U.S. and it is still an underdiagnosed disease in many developed countries. 
Our biosimilars business in Europe is now tracking at the potential run rate of at least $0.5 billion a year and we plan to launch IMRALDI in October of this year. 
SPINRAZA is paving the way for Biogen to establish a presence in selected new geographies, which will support further global growth. 
In the first quarter, our ex U.S. product revenues were $986 million, an increase of over 30% from the same period a year ago. And we have recently opened affiliates in China, Korea, Taiwan and Colombia. 
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. 
I would like to thank our employees around the world who have dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' life, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Next month, Biogen will be celebrating its 40th anniversary. Our past and future achievement could not be realized without their passion and commitment. 
With that, we will open the call for questions.

So thanks for the question, this is Michel. We don't see the start forms really at the trend line, and we are working hard really to capture now the rest of the pediatric population and the adult population, and this takes a bit more time than we anticipated. But if we step back, there was a bolus of patients a year ago that were waiting for this only hope for treating SMA. And they came pretty fast to treatment and we have basically outpaced all estimate that we had and that external stakeholders had also. So we did extremely well and the model worked very well. Now the second phase is absolutely to do the same, but for the pediatric and adult population, this is the biggest cutter of SMA patients. So we are basically enhancing and increasing the field team. We have now an adult campaign that we are launching and we start to see traction. We have patients' ambassadors as adults and we are encouraged by the momentum actually. So we are really focused on implementation. There is still more than 5,000 patients to go. The team is putting their head down and implementing better than ever and actually I have good confidence in our U.S. team.

So if I can add on Jeff's comments, the priority capital allocation will go -- in terms of BD, will go on the priority growth areas. So we will retain some capital and we'll distribute. We continue to distribute the way we have done but even more eventually. But the investment, in terms of BD, will be primarily dedicated to the priority growth areas. MS, neuroimmunology, movement disorders, neuromuscular diseases and the last one, Mike?

Alzheimer's disease, absolutely.

So I can only reinforce the focus of the organization on executing well all around the world, including in the U.S. As I said, we are very encouraged by the leadership and the implementation that we see in the U.S., even if they have some bumps sometimes on the way. This is the nature for our business. So it's all about growth and this, hopefully, will be generated in the U.S., more moderately, but mostly ex U.S. Concerning SPINRAZA, with the rapid and sequential reimbursement that we are gaining and the objective by the end of the year, we are unlocking new opportunities in terms of treating SMA population. So this paves the way, hopefully, to us achieving the peak sales that we anticipate. And we always said this will be one of the largest asset of the organization. Obviously, we look at complementing eventually the momentum with some acquisition, but we'll be very wise always on the way we invest our capital. And if we believe we can do this, these assets can do better in Biogen hands, then we'll propose that to the board. But we'll be always very cautious, but we are actively looking, absolutely.

So this is Michel. Before we come to this question, I just wanted to answer the second part of the previous question. The discontinuations on SPINRAZA are extremely low. And this speaks to the efficacy of the product and the progress that the patients are making on the product. Now biosimilars.

So I will get started on the SMA question, ex U.S. So you recall that we had many patients on the early access program. So we don't have the hockey stick and the bolus of the dosing in those, in most of the market. So this is helping the trend be much more smooth. And in addition, there is the sequential access and reimbursement progress we are making. And this should pave the way combined with the U.S. performance for long-term growth on SPINRAZA.

And if I may add, this is Michel. This will be another opportunity to expand the fastest-growing segment of the MS DMTs, which is the orals and TECFIDERA is doing great, but here we'll have another opportunity with potentially an upgrade. And coming back to the overall growth questions, and the reason to believe also for MS, we continue to take price, and we have seen that the generics are mostly impacting the originator. The unmet medical need is tremendous. We have an entire portfolio where we are leaders of the platforms, the orals and the high efficacy. We are generating more data and we have a pipeline. So these are additional reasons to believe in our ability to compete and to grow.

So the way the market so far has managed those DMTs was with open formularies, because of this type of disease. And they do believe that there's -- that it's not a blanket formulary that will increase the value for the patients. We are talking here about radically different therapies, different classes. As you know, the monitoring on the Gilenya is pretty intense during the first period on the product. I don't see how evidence-based medicines will be completely overshadowed by formularies in order to prescribe first a generic of S1P that has its baggage of efficacy and risk profile that is different from the other DMTs. This will be a bad day for evidence-based medicine in this country and this will be a first time for neurological diseases, and mostly MS. I don't see that as a credible assumption. We will not take that in our long-range plan assumption.

Yes, we are pleased to see that, basically, we cross-backed during the month of March in MDRX OCREVUS, with a growth momentum for the BIIB portfolio. So we are pleased to see that. But still, a long way to go. So concerning the patient accumulator, understand this is the last question. So we believe that some PBMs have started to account the copays element differently according to this new copay evaluator formula. There is absolutely no impact at this stage. We need to monitor that very carefully, but at this stage there is nothing more to report. 
So thank you all for attending our Q1 call and have a good day. Thank you.