Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We continued to view 2021 as a transformational year for our company. We are satisfied with our 2021 pipeline accomplishments and the continued operational performance of the company. However, we are obviously disappointed with the delayed uptake of ADUHELM in the U.S. 
We had solid financial results for the third quarter with total revenue of $2.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $4.77. Biogen has continued to execute well and demonstrate resilience across MS, SMA and biosimilars, despite competition. Mike will provide more details on our financial results, and I will focus primarily on ADUHELM.  
We continue to believe in ADUHELM long-term potential. And this quarter, we continued to progress the launch in the U.S. in anticipation of the reimbursement decision for Medicare patients. We are working through the 3 near-term challenges we have previously described, with a core focus on enabling patients access. 
Importantly, we have made steady progress on key metrics, but the health care system remains a major bottleneck. In particular, the lack of clarity on reimbursement has delayed patient access to the first treatment to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. 
We look forward to the upcoming Medicare national coverage determination expected by next April, which would clarify Medicare reimbursement for the entire class of antibodies directed against amyloid. The NCD is a rigorous process involving a number of consultation, and we understand this is required for this new class of drugs for Alzheimer's. However, keep in mind this will delay access for many patients by approximately 300 days from approval.  
Biogen is acting with urgency across the 3 strategic priorities as we work to support access for patients. First, we are working to improve the community's understanding of our clinical data. As a reminder, the Phase III EMERGE study met its prespecified primary and secondary end points, showing a significant reduction in clinical decline. Patients who received high-dose ADUHELM experienced significant benefits on measure of cognition and function, including activities of daily living. 
Although the other Phase III study, ENGAGE, did not meet its primary end point, analysis for both studies demonstrated that higher exposure to ADUHELM were associated with greater reduction in clinical decline. We have submitted these Phase III results to a top-tier journal, with a manuscript now under peer review in addition to other publication on our data. 
And we will continue to generate additional data. We launched ICARE AD, the first real-world observational Phase IV study in Alzheimer's disease designed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of ADUHELM in clinical practice. We have submitted a draft protocol to the FDA for the required Phase IV confirmatory study. We have fully resourced this study with the goal of completing it ahead of schedule.  
In addition to presenting ADUHELM data at this year's AAIC meeting, the EMBARK baseline data have been accepted for presentation at next month's CTAD meeting, which will provide important information regarding the impact of a gap in treatment. Furthermore, we also plan to present important new plasma phosphorylated tau data from EMERGE and ENGAGE that highlight the downstream effect of aducanumab as soon as possible. Overall, the approval of ADUHELM was supported by a significant data set from 8 studies with more than 3,000 patients, and we look forward to continuing to generate additional data to support the clinical profile of ADUHELM.  
Our second priority is to appropriately support development of the necessary infrastructure. At launch, we established a program with Labcorp and Mayo Clinic Laboratories for amyloid beta CSF testing. Throughout the quarter, we saw a continuous increase in the number of patients utilizing this program. We also continued to advocate for reimbursement of amyloid PET imaging. Furthermore, we are continuing to see additional sites come online, with approximately 120 sites now treating patients with ADUHELM and many more sites in progress.
And third, to clarify reimbursement as we wait the NCD decision for this class of antibodies, we have obtained the permanent ADUHELM J-code, becoming active in January of next year, and hope this will help simplify the coding process for health care providers. Looking forward, in addition to presenting and publishing the data that I previously mentioned, the most significant near-term milestone will be the outcome of the NCD for antibodies directed against amyloid. We expect a draft decision in January, following by a final decision in April of 2022.  
In Alzheimer's more broadly, our partner, Eisai, recently initiated the FDA rolling submission for lecanemab BLA under the accelerated approval pathway following the receipt of Breakthrough Therapy Designation in the U.S. Of the anti-amyloid antibodies that are either approved or in late-stage development, Biogen and Eisai have the opportunity to provide patients with 2 out of the 4 potential options. With the first FDA-approved therapy to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, the potential to bring lecanemab, promising tau pipeline programs such as BIIB080, and with the benefit of digital technologies, we believe Biogen is well positioned to remain a long-term leader in Alzheimer's disease.  
Moving beyond Alzheimer's disease, together with our partners at Sage, we continue to make progress towards bringing potential novel therapeutic options to patients suffering from depression. We recently obtained positive data from a Phase II study in Japan representing the third positive placebo-controlled study for zuranolone in MDD. In addition, we announced our plans to initiate a filing in the U.S.  
Lastly, we recently reported data from the VALOR Phase III study of tofersen in ALS. Although the VALOR study did not meet the primary end point, signs of reduced disease progression across multiple end points were observed. We are encouraged by the totality of the evidence and are engaged with the regulators on next steps. 
Following discussion with investigators, bioethicists and having listened to the voice of patient advocacy groups, we intend to expand the early access program to the broader population of individuals living with SOD1-ALS. We believe this recent developments represent a significant step forward in our goal of transforming Biogen from what was once an MS company to one that is built upon a multi-franchise portfolio across a broad spectrum of neuroscience therapeutic areas.  
I would now like to turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our progress in R&D.

Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the third quarter of the year, providing a solid foundation for the company as we make progress on the ADUHELM launch ahead of the important data releases and publications, in addition to the NCD decision for the class of anti-amyloid antibodies anticipated next April.
We believe ADUHELM presents a significant step in the fight against Alzheimer's disease as the first FDA-approved treatment to address a defined pathology of the disease, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. We know there are patients suffering right now from the disease. And it is those patients we keep in mind as we work to support access. In fact, at the CTAD meeting next month, we'll be presenting an analysis showing that without access, every day that passes, we estimate that over 1,000 Americans move from mild to moderate Alzheimer's dementia and, therefore, may no longer be appropriate for initiation of treatment with ADUHELM. As many have observed our current system so far falls short in diagnosing and intervening in the disease. 
In addition, Alzheimer's disease is a particularly acute issue of inequality as African Americans are up to 3x more likely and Latinx individuals are 1.5x more likely to have Alzheimer's disease when compared to others. We understand the seriousness of this issue. And that inclusion of underrepresented population in drug development is often low, including in our Alzheimer's clinical trial. We also know that we have work to do and a role to play in correcting this. For that reason, the design of ICARE AD, our real-world Phase IV observational study of ADUHELM, aims to include at least 16% of the trial's expected enrollment from Black, African-American and Latinx patients.
In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realized without their passion and commitment. 
We will now open the call for questions.

Absolutely, it, Robyn, it -- actually the first priority that we have, is to basically educate the community based on additional data, on the current data communicated and additional data that we're going to communicate and publish in the near future. They also expect to see a full publication in a peer-reviewed journal. And sometimes, this is brought forward, but also the worry is the financial risk in terms of lack of coverage of NCD. So those issues are interrelated. 
I will ask Alisha to say a bit more.

We believe, Robyn, that evidence, not only coming from adu, but also potentially from other anti-amyloid products, will represent a significant body of evidence for those who are initiating and challenging the amyloid hypothesis since years. And we are also very encouraged by the data on ADUHELM. We continue to stand very strong behind our data. That's why it was really in the script 2 or 3 times. So more to come.

Thank you, Mike, and -- Michael. And as you know, we are advocating for PET reimbursement since many months. And Alisha will provide more color on the different options. Alisha, in terms of NCD?

I think that NCD is critical. Data dissemination is even more, and one is interrelated to the other. And when we look at the metrics, strategic metrics, market research, price doesn't come up as the first worry. We have strong rationale. We clearly disagree with the underlying assumption of ICER's assessment in appropriate pooling of data, pessimistic assumptions and long-term efficacy and many more. And I don't think we are the only one in the industry, okay? So obviously, we have always the opportunity to fine-tune our pricing, and we keep that as an option. But first is data, and data is interrelated, obviously, with the decision for NCD. And infrastructure is also in the meantime progressing. 
Alisha, do you want to say a feedback on the issue of price?

And importantly, Cory, you'll remember that at launch, day 1, we did give the hand to decision makers for innovative contract, for price volume, but not limited to, on a voluntary basis in order to secure sustainability. And remember, it's not 6 million patients, even not 1 million to 2 million. It's a portion of those that will be gradually treated. So we did offer that, and decision makers and CMS are aware. But now it's the NCD process, so we step back and we respect this process. But the offer is out there.

So what is important is that, eventually, we'll be in a position to transform the management of major depressive disorders and postpartum depression. And for the time being, we are driven by science readouts and the additional data we get. I must admit that we didn't have yet a discussion on price. Well, I know that the team starts to build data and market research evidence in order for us to be ready should the data confirm, but we are pleased with the 3 placebo-controlled results going into the same direction. Al?

Thanks for the great question. We stay the course as a company, clearly, because it's -- as if we were in a delayed prelaunch, in an extended prelaunch period before the launch. And we stay the course. Obviously, we are staging the spend very closely. Mike and I and the team are scrutinizing the investment requests coming from all around the world. So we want to be extremely vigilant, and we are. But we stay the course because we do believe in our data. We do believe in additional data coming up, and we do believe that the system will adjust. And it's a matter of a little bit of time. You saw on the slide presented that there is a clear process. We are not far from being there. So we stay the course. Mike?

And it's a prelaunch somehow, extended prelaunch, but we're encouraged by the progress. 120 centers that reference in their formulary ADUHELM, and this is more than double than a month ago, Alisha. So there is a lot of progress. And if there are some large institutions that denied, they want more data, and we'll be there in a few weeks. So it's a process that is unfortunately taking longer than we expected, but we have to be resilient. And the signal we want to send is that we believe because we know the data and we see the progress. It's a matter of a bit of time.

So we do believe that the uptake will certainly accelerate once the system has indication of a potential coverage in January, and then the final decision in April. But I don't expect that this uptake to be explosive. At the same time, I don't expect this to be linear. We believe there will be an acceleration, nonlinear, of the uptake because the patient journey is still long. And while we make tremendous progress, and beyond the 120 centers, hundreds are progressing towards listing the product. It's really a gradual process. But we won't say more at this stage about the number of patients, but we'll have the opportunity to come back.

So we are delighted to see lecanemab coming along strong with a rich database after ADUHELM, more than 600 patients. But it's only a Phase II, so we need to see the Phase III. But certainly, very positive and reinforcing underlying mode of action and signals. We'll have the opportunity and the luxury to have 2 assets. 
Importantly, I want to reiterate that we stand by the data for ADUHELM because we know the data, we see the data, we see the new data. And we are very confident in the profile and the benefits/risk of these products for the long run. Now with leca, it's even a stronger position, but we need to wait for additional data. Al?

I'm not sure people will look solely at the incidence as if we're doing that for SMA or for HIV. I think Al will comment on that. We continue to stand behind the data. And we believe the long-term prospects are significant in terms of value creation. We believe the competition will enlarge the market and epidemiology being so large that there is room for 4 actors, and out of the 4, we have 2. And it's a global play also. And we are not panicking because -- it's not because there is a delay in the U.S., because there is a process. The system is not ready evidently. We can see that, but it's a long way to go. Al?

Alisha?

So thank you so much for attending the call today. Biogen delivered a very strong quarter again. The base business is solid. We are making some progress for aducanumab, for ADUHELM despite the short-term challenges we face. So what is key is the outlook and the mid to longer term. We have a path forward for zuranolone. And we are getting prepared to launch the biosimiars of LUCENTIS in the U.S. in a few months from now. 
Thank you very much for attending the call. Exciting time at Biogen.