Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me begin with some financial highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen's second quarter revenues grew 9% to a record $3.4 billion. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 3% to $4.18 and non-GAAP EPS grew 15% to $5.80. Our performance for the second quarter was strong, and we are raising our full year revenue guidance.
Now let me review the accomplishments we delivered in the second quarter. First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties delivered revenues of $2.3 billion, a decrease of 2% versus prior year. Adjusting for inventory dynamics, global MS revenues were stable versus prior year.
The number of patients on our MS products globally remained stable versus the prior year as patient growth outside of the U.S. offset increased competition within the U.S. We were pleased to see that new patient starts for TECFIDERA in the U.S. in the second quarter were at the highest level since the launch of OCREVUS just over a year ago.
Outside the U.S., we continued our strong progress in several international markets such as Japan, where close to half of MS patients are now treated with a Biogen product.
Second, SPINRAZA. Global revenues grew to $423 million, driven by quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth outside the U.S. The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 28% from last quarter, and we now have over 5,000 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program and clinical trials.
In the U.S., we are encouraged by the progress we are making with adults as the number of adult patients on SPINRAZA grew by over 20% compared to last quarter. We remain focused on increasing our reach with adults by supporting the establishment of adult treatment sites, working to broaden our reimbursement coverage and communicating the potential value of SPINRAZA for this patient population.
Outside the U.S., the pace of reimbursement for SPINRAZA across multiple geographies led to meaningful revenue growth, with significant revenue contribution not just from Europe but also from Asia-Pac and Latin America. We expect the launch of SPINRAZA to continue expanding globally throughout 2018 and 2019. We have filed for regulatory approval in 7 additional countries including China, and we expect to file in up to 4 more countries by the end of the year. We also seek formal reimbursement in 7 additional countries and now have formal reimbursement in 24 markets.
Third, we make significant progress advancing our differentiated neuroscience pipeline, a critical source of potential future value generation for Biogen. We entered into an exclusive option agreement to acquire TMS-007, a Phase II compound being developed for acute ischemic stroke, which we discussed in detail during our webcast on June 28.
Today, we also announced we acquired an early-stage program from AliveGen for muscle enhancement, which will initially be studied in SMA and has the potential to benefit patients across a broad range of neuromuscular diseases including ALS.
In line with our expectation, this months we completed enrollment of both ENGAGE and EMERGE, our 2 Phase III trials, studying our investigational treatment aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease. And in May, we exercised our option with Neurimmune to further reduce the royalty rates payable on potential future sales of aducanumab.
Along with our collaboration partner Eisai, we announced positive top line results of the final analysis of the Phase II study of BAN2401. We believe these results provide evidence to further support beta-amyloid as a therapeutic target for Alzheimer's disease.
Importantly, our cash generation remain very strong and continue to provide us with significantly optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In addition to the 2 bigger deals I discussed earlier, during the second quarter, we repurchased $2.75 billion worth of shares. We exercised our option to increase our ownership of Samsung Bioepis to approximately 49.9% and will pay approximately $700 million for these option shares. We believe our share of Samsung Bioepis is worth significantly more, and we believe this investment is aligned with our goal of creating meaningful value for our shareholders. And we invested $1 billion in a new collaboration agreement with Ionis, which capitalizes on Biogen's expertise in neuroscience, R&D and Ionis' leadership in antisense oligonucleotides, with the goal of meaningfully expanding our neuroscience pipeline. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bringing our key therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term.
As we aim to continue allocating capital to expand our pipeline, this quarter we hired Daniel Karp as EVP, Corporate Development. We look forward to the contribution Daniel will make as we continue to refine our corporate strategy and evaluate new opportunities for potential business development and M&A.
In summary, Biogen executed on strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience. We continue to believe that with significant growth potential for SPINRAZA and we're encouraged by our recent progress in reaching adults and expanding market access globally. We enhanced our pipeline with addition of 2 more assets as we aim to diversify our neuroscience R&D portfolio and build depth in our core and emerging growth areas.
We completed Phase III enrollment for aducanumab, which we believe is one of the most promising investigational therapy for Alzheimer's disease. Together with Eisai, we announced positive top line results for BAN2401, which we believe provides further support for the amyloid hypothesis. We have made progress implementing a leaner and simple operating model designed for the future. And we strategically allocate capital as we invest to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio, again, with the goal of maximizing shareholder return and bringing innovative therapies to patients.
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. We closed the second quarter with record quarterly revenues, double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth and increase to our full year revenue guidance and exciting progress across our pipeline. Consistent with our strategic priorities, we allocated capital to both invest for future growth and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. We do not intend to pause or slowdown here. We believe there will be plenty more exciting opportunities for Biogen as we move into the second half of the year.
Looking forward, within the next 12 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including Eisai's presentation of the BAN2401 data tomorrow and assessing next steps, dosing the first patient in our Phase III studies in stroke and neuropathic pain, data readouts across MS, Alzheimer's, neuropathic pain, ophthalmology and ALS, and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS.
As Mike noted earlier, we continue to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe we are at the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit on this potential breakthroughs and Biogen's goal is to be the long-term leader in neuroscience as we believe it will become one of the most promising [indiscernible] areas of investment for biopharma and growth investors.
To deliver on our aspiration, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline.
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' life, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment.
With that, we'll open the call for questions.

So if I may add to the -- to Jeff's comments, there is nothing new in the EU. We've seen and we've been facing year-after-year this type of pressure on price. The good news is that volume is going strong and according to what we did plan. And in some major countries, we have conventions and we have some time line where we need to meet back with authorities, regulators based on drug utilization and price is being negotiated, but it's too early to speculate but nothing new from the European setting. It's a constant, I would say, engagement with regulators. The important element is that the underlying demand is doing well mostly for the key products.

Thanks for the great question that might be a bit too early for us to answer. As you can anticipate, we are encouraged by the news. We look forward to the presentation tomorrow. We are engaging very closely with our partners at Eisai, the slated data lands well on the amyloid hypothesis. This reinforces aducanumab, we believe so.
So we need to reconvene. We are well positioned with our portfolio that is already large. We believe, as many of you, that it's not 1 single treatment that will treat all the patient at all the stages. So we need to envision new studies, including potentially combination therapies or sequential therapies to best answer the unmet medical need. But again, too early to be precise on what we have to do. Clearly, there is an investment case.

I will get started and Jeff will continue. So we always said that the early stage was the sweet spot for the organization. This is where we can add the most value based on the quality of the team, our ability to best develop the compound. So we continue to be looking at opportunities that can meet and complement our current portfolio. It's very nice to see like the last deal we've done on muscle enhancement that this can reach towards different priority areas that we have. So this is very exciting. We look at other opportunities in late stage 2 by remaining very disciplined. And I will let Jeff continue on the answer here.

Thank you.