Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With a focus on strong execution, we have continued to serve patients, advance our strategic priorities and delivered another strong financial quarter.
Let me begin with some important developments. First, we have completed our submission for U.S. approval of aducanumab, an unprecedented opportunity for patients and for Biogen, to potentially bring to market the first therapy to reduce the devastating clinical decline and meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease. I am incredibly proud of the Biogen team for the dedication and tireless work leading to the completion of our regulatory submission on July 7.
This submission followed ongoing collaboration with the FDA and include data from a comprehensive clinical development program, including EMERGE, the first positive Phase III study ever in this space together with supporting data from the Phase III ENGAGE study and positive results from the Phase Ib PRIME study. Our data show that aducanumab may help to both reduce the decline of cognitive function and help patients' ability to perform certain activities of daily living, which for some patients may result in independence for a longer period of time.
In terms of next steps, we anticipate receiving a response from the FDA within 60 days from the submission date notifying us if the submission has been accepted, and if accepted, whether we have been granted Priority Review. We plan to communicate both of this decision via a press release. We have progressed in our U.S. launch readiness, including increasing our medical engagement with experts and thought leaders to better assess how aducanumab could potentially impact clinical practice.
We have started to make progress engaging with payers and defining aducanumab's value proposition. And we have now established a cross-functional team dedicated to site readiness, which is currently operational. Outside the U.S., we made significant progress this quarter. We had formal meetings with the EU regulators as we prepare to submit the filing, and we are beginning to ramp up our launch readiness efforts in Europe. In Japan, we had informal regulatory interaction and are preparing for formal consultation with the PMDA. 
Overall, together with our collaboration partner, Eisai, we remain optimistic about the prospect of bringing aducanumab to market as the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease, and we have continued to progress in our market preparation and launch readiness with an initial focus on the U.S. We believe that aducanumab marks the beginning of an era of new potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease, and we aim to build a broad franchise across multiple targets and modalities.
This includes BAN2401 in Phase III, which we are collaborating on with Eisai, including a new study in preclinical Alzheimer's, multiple programs targeting tau and our collaboration with Sangamo to develop gene regulation therapies for a range of neurological indications, including Alzheimer's disease. We believe Biogen is uniquely positioned to lead the fight in Alzheimer's disease over both the short and the long term.
Second, we are disappointed in the recent court decision in West Virginia regarding our patent for TECFIDERA. We are appealing the decision and intend to vigorously defend our IP. No matter what the final outcome will be, we still believe Biogen is well positioned for shareholder value creation as we work to capitalize on growth opportunities in our core business and
[Audio Gap]
uniquely positioned and at the time is now for Biogen to lead in the evolution of this space. We have a deep pipeline of 29 clinical assets, including 7 in Phase III or filed and 7 mid- to late-stage data readouts by the end of 2021, with near-term value creation opportunities beyond Alzheimer's disease in other important areas such as ALS, ophthalmology, lupus and stroke.
Third, as we announced yesterday, Jeff will be stepping down as CFO in August. I'd like to thank Jeff for his many contributions to the company, including establishing a very strong team, helping to deliver consistent results quarter-over-quarter, strengthening our finance processes and operations and creating a disciplined cost management culture. We are pleased that Jeff will be staying on for a brief period to ensure a seamless transition. We wish him well in his future endeavor. 
I will now review our Q2 performance and progress against our strategic priorities. Compared to the same period a year ago, second quarter revenues grew 2% to $3.7 billion. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 22% to $9.59, and non-GAAP EPS grew 12% to $10.28 (sic) [ $10.26 ]. Importantly, we saw improved momentum in June following an impact from COVID-19 earlier in the quarter. 
First, Q2 MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties, were $2.3 billion. The number of patient on our MS product globally increased 3% versus the prior year, and our business continued to demonstrate resilience. We saw strong market share performance for our MS portfolio this quarter with increased share of new prescriptions in the U.S. and stabilized market share in Europe. 
Overall, our fumarate products had a strong quarter as we focus on maximizing the potential for TECFIDERA and VUMERITY combined. Although we were disappointed in the performance for VUMERITY, it's important to note that the MS market in the U.S. has been significantly impacted by lower new patient starts and switches due to COVID-19 as well as reduced engagement with physicians, which have both impacted the launch of VUMERITY.
Importantly, we believe the market is increasingly aware that VUMERITY is clearly differentiated in terms of better GI tolerability and may represent a better treatment alternative for many MS patients. Going forward, our strategic focus is now on VUMERITY, and we are increasing our resource allocation to maximize this next-generation fumarate. We are hopeful that this approach, combined with a potential recovery in the dynamic portion of the market, will help improve VUMERITY's trajectory in the second half of the year. 
Outside of the U.S. this quarter, we were very pleased to have submitted regulatory filing for VUMERITY in Canada and Switzerland, and we plan to file in the EU by the end of this year. A critical part of our strategy in MS is and will continue to be investing in life cycle management and innovative new approaches to help address the remaining unmet medical needs. We look forward to the readout of opicinumab this year, which could represent a transformative new approach to slowing or even potentially reversing disability progression through remyelination.
In addition to opicinumab, we continue to advance BIIB061, an oral remyelination therapy, and BIIB091, an oral BTK inhibitor, with a potentially best-in-class profile. And we believe these important assets could bolster our broad portfolio of treatments for MS going forward. 
Across our current MS products, our focus on life cycle management is a high priority. We recently filed for approval of a subcutaneous formulation of [Technical Difficulty] both U.S. and EU to offer a competitive dosing profile in the high efficacy space. We continue to advance the potential use of extended interval dosing for TYSABRI. We are advancing an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY to potentially improve its tolerability profile, and we are leveraging label updates regarding the use of interferons during pregnancy. We remain committed to MS. And regardless of the outcome of the TECFIDERA litigation, we are focused on maximizing the broad opportunities we have with both present and future product offerings.
Second, SPINRAZA. SPINRAZA generated second quarter global revenues of $495 million, a 1% increase versus the prior year. We are pleased with this performance in light of dosing delays due to COVID-19, which peaked in mid-April and began to normalize in May and June. Including the Expanded Access Program and clinical trials, over 11,000 patients are being treated with SPINRAZA, an increase of 30% versus the prior year. 
This quarter, we presented important new data at the virtual Cure SMA meeting showing an unprecedented benefit on survival for presymptomatic SMA patients treated with SPINRAZA. Data from the NURTURE study continue to demonstrate the compelling benefit SPINRAZA can provide to patients. This follows the publication of independent real-world data earlier this year, demonstrating the clinically meaningful benefit SPINRAZA can deliver for teens and adults, which represent the largest portion of the market. 
SPINRAZA continues to be the only therapy approved for SMA patients of all ages with clinically meaningful and sustained efficacy across all age groups. We recently announced our plans to initiate a new clinical study evaluating the safety and efficacy of SPINRAZA when administered to infants following gene therapy. We believe there is a strong scientific rationale and a high need to evaluate the potential added benefit of SPINRAZA in this population. We have seen real-world demand for SPINRAZA in this setting with 40% of patients in the long-term extension of the Phase I study of gene therapy going on to receive SPINRAZA. 
Further, in our life cycle management in SMA, we are also investigating whether a higher dose of SPINRAZA could result in even greater efficacy through the DEVOTE study. Third, biosimilars revenues for the second quarter were $172 million as we observed an impact from COVID-19, particularly early in the quarter. We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately EUR 1.8 billion of savings to the European health care systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is important as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the health care systems.
In addition, Samsung Bioepis recently initiated a Phase III study for our potential biosimilar referencing Eylea as we work to expand into ophthalmology and additional geographies, including Japan and the U.S. Fourth, beyond Alzheimer's disease, we continue to progress our pipeline. We initiated a new Phase I study in movement disorders. We presented positive first-in-class data for BIIB059 in cutaneous lupus erythematosus and the positive Phase I/II results for tofersen in SOD1 ALS were published in The New England Journal of Medicine. 
Fifth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In Q2, we generated approximately $2 billion in cash flow from operations. We have $5.3 billion in cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, providing us with the financial flexibility to continue to evaluate external business development and M&A opportunities. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term. 
In summary, Biogen has continued to execute well on our strategy, including the recent BLA submission for aducanumab in the U.S. While we are mindful of the potential risk to TECFIDERA, we believe we are well positioned as we continue to build a multifranchise portfolio, leveraging the interconnectivity of our deep neuroscience pipeline. We expect 7 important mid- to late-stage readouts by end of next year, and we have several opportunities for meaningful value creation in areas of high unmet medical need beyond Alzheimer's, including ALS, ophthalmology, lupus and stroke as well as continued innovation in MS and SMA.
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you so much, Jeff. Biogen continued to demonstrate strong execution this quarter. We again delivered solid financial results, made strong progress advancing our strategy of building a multifranchise portfolio, and importantly, are one step closer to a potential approval for aducanumab as the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease. 
I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients now and over the long term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. 
Finally, our organization takes very seriously the recent racial injustice events and the considerable health inequity that still exists, as highlighted by the COVID-19 crisis. Now more than ever, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. This also includes accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion across organization, an area where Biogen was already taking a leading position, from hiring to the way we conduct clinical trials and working to ensure that the most vulnerable have access to our therapies. 
I am proud of what Biogen stands for. And I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long-term as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. 
With that, we will open the call for questions.

So we did support the preclinical study with BAN2401, while we focused on the filing for aducanumab. We will revert back on life cycle management opportunities during the entire continuum of the disease for patients once we have a readout and answer from the FDA on how we move forward.

Yes. Thank you for the question. And I share the disappointment for the performance to-date on VUMERITY. And we can anticipate that based on the patent life that we have, we are working on life cycle management opportunities for the long run. We did launch VUMERITY in December, and we had encouraging start forms and then COVID came. And this impacted significantly the patient's new starts and the switches. So we did not anticipate when we launched in December that 3 months down the road there will be COVID. And at that time, you will remember because you asked a few times the question, the strategy was not a switch strategy. It was a fumarate strategy to enhance the share of the fumarate, and the results are not bad. But this is not an excuse for the lack of performance to-date of VUMERITY for which the U.S. organization is all over it. So what it shows is that it's difficult. It's challenging to launch when there is a shutdown. It is challenging to change your behavior when you cannot meet the prescriber. Having said that, now the entire focus is pivoting on VUMERITY. And this is the good time because we have very good access, close to 90%. We increased significantly the resource allocation. This is a next-generation fumarate with good data. Fumarate is differentiated, as you know, in terms of GI tolerability. It doesn't mean that all the patients on TECFIDERA could benefit from VUMERITY because those who are stable should stay on TECFIDERA, but there is a significantly enhanced focus of the organization on one brand, VUMERITY, the new generation fumarate, and the next months shall speak. So we don't give up, and you should not.

So concerning the second part of the question, Ronny, on VUMERITY. Since the focus now is on VUMERITY, not on the fumarates, I can tell you that all levers are aligned, at the payer level, at the patient services level, at the sales force level, including incentive schemes to shape the behavior, at the medical affairs level. So the organization is absolutely aligned and focused on all those levers. Next 5 months will be critical.

And I think that it's very good to help clinicians prioritize which therapeutic option to use based on research and not based on speculation or claims. If you look at the competitive landscape for Risdiplam, it's still hard to speculate because there is no label yet. FIREFISH was pretty consistent. SUNFISH was underwhelming in terms of achieving the objectives. When I speak to scientific leaders, their position is willing to wait for the long-term safety and efficacy profile of the product. And for the gene therapy, I think we have a profile that starts to be well characterized. And if you -- if I refer back to the latest consensus published in The European Journal of Pediatric Neurology, there is still uncertainty for the older population the heavier the infant is and they see a link with the potential risk to the weight. So the scientific leaders basically encourage at looking at other options. For Biogen, we stand behind the efficacy and safety of SPINRAZA in all age groups, and we have a larger body of evidence. The product is approved now in 50 countries. So we believe that SPINRAZA will continue to be really a very good treatment and alternative in this context where there is a bit more treatment in this market, which is good for the patients. So we are working to enhance the efficacy by increasing the dose. I'm not sure others can do that. And last but not least, there is a response study after gene therapy. So I think it's good in order to best educate the market. So we are confident.

Well, together with Jeff, we delivered on 18 deals. And remember, we believe we have an inequity in the space where we are specialized. So the sweet spot is early stage. This is where we can add most value. And I am delighted to see this portfolio maturing extremely well with very important readouts in the coming 12 months and beyond that will start to impact the market 2024, 2025. And in between now and the 2024, 2025, there is one big hope, which is aducanumab. So I can tell you that we continue to be very active on the BD, M&A front. But at the same time, we are very careful while we approach aducanumab potentially, and we will always invest in the interest of the long-term shareholder value creation.

Thank you so much, Joe, and thank you for attending. I want to thank Jeff again for his many contribution to our company. At Biogen, it's all about pioneering in neuroscience. So we are approaching a very exciting phase of our 40 years plus of development. Our pipeline and all the many allocation of capital in that space is maturing. We have very important readouts in the coming 10 months. We have 7 Phase III, and we are very close to open a new page if FDA allows with aducanumab. Thank you all for your attention.