Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With a strong focus on operational execution, we have continued to serve patients and advance our strategic priorities. While we know that 2021 will be a financial restructure for the company, we are pleased with our operational performance during Q1, with first quarter total revenues of $2.7 billion and first quarter non-GAAP EPS of $5.34. These results were driven by solid performance across MS, SMA and biosimilars, together with continued strong cost management. 
We are ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S. should we receive the regulatory approval, and we anticipate an FDA decision by the June 7 PDUFA date. If approved, aducanumab will be the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease and will represent a significant growth and value creation opportunity. 
Our cross-functional team in the U.S. has been working for months in preparation for the potential launch of aducanumab. We have identified and evaluated key sites of care that have the necessary infrastructure for Alzheimer's patients. We believe that more than 600 of these sites will be ready to treat patients shortly after a potential approval. Our team is currently working to evaluate the capacity at these and other sites to absorb an influx of Alzheimer's patients. 
Together with Eisai, we were pleased to support UsAgainstAlzheimer's in the development of BrainGuide, a platform which is powered by Amazon Web Services. BrainGuide aims to increase brain health awareness and empower people to take action based upon responses to a memory questionnaire. We hope that BrainGuide, along with our collaboration with Apple aiming to identify digital biomarkers of cognitive health, will enable people to seek care sooner in order to maximize the benefits of treatment. 
We are also working to ensure an equitable launch to facilitate broad access to aducanumab, should it be approved, including underserved population, a critical issue that has been highlighted by the COVID-19 pandemic. I am pleased to announce that outside the U.S., we recently submitted additional regulatory filings in Brazil, Canada, Switzerland and Australia, adding to our earlier submissions in Europe and Japan. 
Turning to our progress towards our strategic priorities. First, Q1 overall MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties, was $1.7 billion. Putting aside the entry of TECFIDERA in the U.S., our broader MS business continued to demonstrate resilience and progress. Excluding TECFIDERA in the U.S., the number of patients on our MS products worldwide increased approximately 5% versus the prior year. Importantly, in the current COVID-19 environment, we believe our MS products are well positioned versus the competition based on our current treatment guidelines. 
We were very pleased to see strong revenue growth for VUMERITY, which is now the #1 oral MS product in terms of new prescription in the U.S. We believe this performance is a testament to a strong product profile and our team's ability to execute well, validating our plan announced mid last year to accelerate the launch of VUMERITY. We are also excited that TECFIDERA recently received regulatory approval in China. 
Furthermore, we continue to advance new approaches to help address the remaining unmet medical need in MS. This quarter, we launched an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in both the U.S. and EU, which we believe offers an improved tolerability profile. And we obtained approval for subcutaneous administration of TYSABRI in the EU with the first expected launch in Germany, while we await a regulatory decision in the U.S. We also continue to advance the potential use of extended interval dosing for TYSABRI with important data expected in the middle of this year. 
Second, SPINRAZA generated first quarter global revenues of $521 million. While SPINRAZA is facing competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impacts of COVID-19, we were encouraged to see that SPINRAZA discontinuation decreased versus Q4 of last year. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA continued to perform very well with 13% revenue growth versus Q1 of last year. Overall, SPINRAZA remains the market-leading treatment for SMA, and we believe it will remain a foundation of care. 
Third, our biosimilars business delivered revenue of $205 million. We are pleased with this performance as the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a slowdown in new treatment starts and reduced clinic capacity for immunology patients in Europe. 
We aim to continue to grow our biosimilars business and create additional financial headroom for innovation by launching new products. To that end, we recently announced a collaboration with Bio-Thera Solutions to develop and commercialize BAT1806, a proposed biosimilar referencing ACTEMRA, currently in Phase III development. Biogen will have the right to commercialize BAT1806 globally in countries outside of China, which will expand our global biosimilars footprint. 
Fourth, this quarter, we continue to meaningfully progress on our pipeline. We reported Phase II data in essential tremor, and we expect 7 additional mid- to late-stage results this year. Gene therapy represents a key area of focus for Biogen as we continue to pursue multiple modalities. To this end, we recently announced our plan to build a new state-of-the-art gene therapy manufacturing facility at our RTP site in North Carolina. 
Fifth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant flexibility. To allocate capital in Q1, we generated approximately $769 million in cash flow from operations and $676 million in free cash flow. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients. 
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Mike. Biogen continued to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the first quarter of the year. And we believe we remain on track to make 2021 a transformative year for the company. This, of course, starts with the potential approval of aducanumab in the U.S. 
The unmet need and cost to society for Alzheimer's disease are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimer's creates a cost burden of over $600 billion per year in the U.S. and the costs for caring for an Alzheimer's patient can be over $0.5 million. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of their independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease live in a nursing home at a per patient cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The potential approval of aducanumab will be an unprecedented milestones for patients, their families and society at large. 
Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our neuroscience pipeline as we work to create a multi-franchise portfolio. We look forward to the 7 expected mid- to late-stage readouts this year across a range of therapeutic areas, such as Alzheimer's disease, ALS, ophthalmology, depression and stroke, including 4 in Phase III.  
I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently and effectively, while maintaining operational discipline and managing costs. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for super returns from the investment we make.
Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long-standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we work with purpose to advance science to address the urgent and long-term challenge facing humanity. Now more than ever, we continued to strengthen environmental, social and governance priorities across the company. To underscore this commitment, we have decided to incorporate an ESG metric into our corporate scorecard to help ensure that we accelerate actions across these critical issues. 
In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated the dedication to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physician caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. We are living through challenging times with COVID-19, and our achievements could not be realized without passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.

Thanks for the question, Michael. I mean the focus of the team since many months in the U.S. was, first, to identify and assist the sites of care in terms of infrastructure advice and processes, because we anticipate that there will be, if approved, a very large influx of patients. We know that the availability of specialists and diagnosis capabilities are a bottleneck, so we had to prepare the sites of cares. And we have worked all around the country in order to identify those. Today, we anticipate approximately 600 ready to treat, but many more are on the works.
So this was -- this work was managed by a cross-functional team. And obviously, we started with the medical engagement and scientific leadership. And we are pleased with where we are in terms of those sites and their ability to welcome the patients, to diagnose the patients, to dose the patients, to monitor the patients, including the fine processes such as formulary listing. Who is in charge of what? So the team has done a very thorough work, and I am pleased with the progress. Each time I review the operation in the U.S. and the launch readiness, we are bridging -- we are passing some new milestones. 
I am also pleased with the digital capability. That is an overlay of rich contact and awareness building towards different stakeholders, not only the physicians, but also the patients and patient services.
As you know, so far, neither PET or CSF amyloid are reimbursed in the U.S. CSF is reimbursed in Europe, not in the U.S., but we believe there is a path forward. 
Concerning price, I think that we are there, Mike. We have done a thorough engagement with different stakeholders, considering the burden of the disease and the clinical meaningfulness that aducanumab will bring. And we have engaged with pharmacoeconomics, including ICER, many times and others in the U.S. and beyond. So I think that the team is ready, and I'm pleased with the progress. 
And actually, the 3 months addition were like a gift for the team because we are never fully ready for such a launch. And I must also appreciate the collaboration from Eisai in this launch readiness.

So thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA ex U.S. And I'm also pleased with the performance in the U.S. even if we did face some discontinuation due to the compounded effect of COVID and also the perceived enhanced modality with the oral of Evrysdi, the convenience. And so there are a lot of learning that are coming from the U.S. to apply to Europe and ex Europe. We can see a very strong resilience in core European markets. And we can see a very fast momentum of growth in the emerging geographies. So all in all, I am very pleased.
I think that, moving forward, with the pandemia improving with the rate of vaccination, the fear to visit institution will gradually decrease. And the SUNFISH 2 data continues to reinforce the said thesis that basically, the product is not that efficacious for the toddlers above the age of 5. The dose limitation, because of all the reasons that we all know, basically set the limit in terms of efficacy, while the weight of the young adult or toddler or young adult increase, which is the largest part of the market and where we have faced some switches.
So obviously, the learning from the U.S. will benefit probably ex U.S. in an environment where we should have less of the pandemia. I am pleased with the emerging economies where rare diseases were not the priority for so long, and nowadays are on the agenda in terms of resource allocation. So very good momentum.
Concerning TECFIDERA in China, it's a second product approved in China for Biogen, and I am delighted about that. As you know, I was posted there for my previous company during 4 years with my family. And I fundamentally believe into the long-term potential of this market, that is already the #2 in the world. So the demand is tremendous. And epidemiology is rapidly emerging with similarities with the one of the west.
So incidence is lower for MS, but there are still more than 100,000 patients. The rate of diagnosis and the rate of treatment with DMTs is extremely low. It's less than 5% of the market. So disabilities are high, and it gives a great opportunity to establish TECFIDERA, together with the rest of the portfolio with a bit more time hopefully. 
China is an important market for Biogen. We are managing Asia-Pac without Japan from China. We have partnered with a Chinese company on a biosimilar. So it's an invest geography. Obviously, we don't lose the focus on the rest. But good momentum in China. We have a great team, more than 200 people. And it's only the beginning. Thank you for the questions.

Evan, I think that at this stage of development, the mindset of the team is to try to do better than what we have seen with this initial Phase II, 60% or so symptomatology and approximately 30% discontinuation. So it's a fascinating question that you asked. It's all about the benefits risk, but the mindset is just try to do better.

So thanks for the question. We are very excited by the momentum we see behind TYSABRI, high efficacy, and a mechanism that is eventually slightly favored in the current environment versus beta cell depleters. The stigma around TYSABRI was always the risk of PML. And with the data we generate and the extended interval dose, and hopefully, the data with the NOVA study midyear readout, we should really shed light on the optimal dose and most frequence of the treatment. 
Subcu is an opportunity to enlarge the target. When we look at the prescribers landscape for TYSABRI, which is a tremendous success, it's extremely limited. And is it because of the infusion centers? Is it because of the risk of PML? Probably both. Here, we are combining the opportunity of accessing high efficacy with a subcutaneous dosing. So we should be in a position to enlarge the use and the targeting for TYSABRI.

I want to thank you all for joining the Biogen call today. We remain focused on flawless execution and our operation in order to deliver on our guidance. We are also focused on the velocity of our pipe. And in the short run, we are very excited with the important readouts, and obviously, with the critically important regulatory decision for aducanumab.
Have a good day.