Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Biogen continued to execute well in the second quarter, and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance. We believe our [ achievements are ] critical steps on our path to drive renewed value creation for both patients and shareholders over time.  
First, together with Eisai, we are granted priority review for lecanemab under the accelerated approval pathway in the U.S. for early Alzheimer's disease. We expect an FDA decision by January 6 of next year. And in parallel, we look forward to the upcoming Phase III readout expected in the fall. Additionally, together with Sage, we [ reported positive ] data in postpartum depression.  
The SKYLARK study is now the second positive Phase III study supporting the potential [indiscernible] in PPD with four additional positive randomized controlled trials in major depressive disorders. We believe there is a substantial body of evidence [ supports a significant ] opportunity for zuranolone. 
Pursuit of innovation, however, does not come without setbacks, and we were disappointed to learn that the [indiscernible]  Phase II study in schizophrenia was not positive. I will now focus on the near-term operational priorities we outlined in our last call while Priya will review our recent progress in R&D, and Mike will discuss our second quarter performance.  
First, we are continuing to focus our R&D resources on programs where we see the greatest potential while also aiming to rebalance the risk profile across our pipeline. For example, we intend to accelerate the regulatory filing of zuranolone in postpartum depression following the positive SKYLARK study. In addition, we have terminated some R&D programs that we believe lower positive success such as BIIB076, an anti-tau antibody in Alzheimer's disease; and BIIB100, a small molecule XPO1 inhibitor in ALS.  
Second, we are on track to implement the cost reduction and productivity measures outlined on our last call in order to further align our costs with our revenue base while maintaining our focus on execution. Third, we are pursuing additional global growth opportunities with a focus on key emerging markets. This includes China, where we are encouraged by the launch of SPINRAZA. Fourth, we are focused on driving renewed growth in our biosimilars business. We just recently launched BYOOVIZ, the first biosimilar referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S., [indiscernible]  Biogen's first entry into the U.S. biosimilars market. We also expect to begin launching BYOOVIZ outside the U.S. early next year. 
With the completion of the sales of our joint venture interest in Samsung Bioepis in the second quarter, we now have an expanded [indiscernible] to pursue the biosimilars business on our own, as we aim to bring more biosimilars products to more patients, geographies. We continue to advance our biosimilars pipeline, which includes two Phase III programs referencing Eylea and ACTEMRA.  
Fifth, we remain focused on capital allocation during the quarter. We entered into new collaborations with MedRhythms in MS and Alectos in Parkinson's disease, and we continue to evaluate both internal and excellent value creation opportunities. We also returned approximately $500 million to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases. We are also pleased with the progress in our collaboration with Genentech for mosunetuzumab, a CD20/CD3 bispecific antibody which were recently approved in the EU for patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma.  
The BLA of mosunetuzumab [ for medication ] was recently granted priority review by the FDA, and we look forward to a potential approval in the U.S. Our progress across these areas in addition to the recent advancements we have made in R&D have the potential to help drive growth over time. Of course, not all our programs will deliver the results we hope, which is why we are continuing to advance a diversified and appropriately balanced pipeline as we work to create and sustain a multi-franchise portfolio over time.  
This includes near-term opportunities in Alzheimer's disease and depression followed by other areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke in the mid- to late 2020s. We remain committed to taking advantage of all the strengths of the company: our talent, our [indiscernible]  Portfolio, our manufacturing capabilities, our pipeline, which includes 10 programs in Phase III or filed and our strong balance sheet to deliver results for both the patients we serve and our shareholders. 
I will now turn the call over to Priya for an update on our recent progress in R&D.

Priya will give some color.

And if I may add, we are delighted to be progressing with the filing of zuranolone and leca and waiting more data also for adu. For the earlier pipeline, we have expanded materially our pipeline. It's natural that, first of all, there is inherent risk with neuroscience, and it's natural that we always try to increase probability of success and select based on trigger point and science inside. And this is what Priya is doing.

Priya?

Thanks for the question. From my discussion earlier this week with the Board members and our Chairman, I hear that the search is progressing as planned. But at this stage, there is nothing yet to be reported. And obviously, we'll not speculate on lecanemab, but it's a very important event. But at this stage, nothing more to report.

So before Mike gives -- provides more color, the important element is that the epidemiology is pretty similar in this, in the West, in emerging mature markets. So our portfolio is very relevant to this part of the world. The second point is that we see a very strongly emerging middle class that is able to afford, able to co-pay and is willing to access best education and health care. And the experience we have so far with our expanded footprint since a few years in Latin America, in Asia Pac, in the Middle East, is that we see a very good uptake of our MS portfolio even if we thought at the outset that in Asia Pac, it was a bit lower incident. But based on the number of the population, these are very feasible opportunities. 
We see a very good uptake and also for SPINRAZA. So a good opportunity. We have a professional team. Compliance is very important everywhere, but also in this part of the world. So we secure that we have a very good balance between where Biogen is directly and where Biogen is partnered, but we have a very good performance to date with a strong double-digit momentum. Mike?

So first, we are very encouraged by the data. I'm delighted to see the second study in postpartum for study in major depressive disorders. We had opportunities to meet many constituency. And this disease is affecting so many people, so it's so relevant. If I'm not mistaken, in the U.S., more than 19 million (sic) [ 10 million ] as Priya said, an incident for PPD close to 0.5 million every year. So extremely relevant. We are making a lot of progress on the positioning on understanding the patient journey and the different segments of the market between the naive and the failure to treatment the way we know in this massive market due to side effects or lack of efficacy. I hope that in the near future, we'll be -- we'll have an opportunity together with Sage to have a dedicated session with you to update you on where we stand, and we'll come back to that as soon as we can. Concerning the price, we are not yet there. We are making some our homework, but nothing to add yet at this stage.

Thank you, Priya. And to bring that together, what is very important for us to set the strategic direction is to clearly understand the key capabilities that we have within the company throughout the value chain, from the early research, clinical development throughout to commercialization and customer engagement. And as Priya said, today, we believe that we are pretty well diversified compared where we were 6 years ago in neuroscience, in specialized immuno, in biosimilars and emerging digital therapeutics capability. We have now 29 programs, 10 in Phase III of filed products. The question is how do we derisk in addition? And this is what Priya started to work on. 
Obviously, a new CEO and a permanent Head of R&D, will have an opportunity to revisit the strategy together with the Board.

Priya?

So before Mike jumps in, I would like to say that we work in full and close collaboration with our partners at Eisai, that we are approaching a global launch, not suddenly a U.S. launch, and we anticipate the filing in Japan and EMA to take place during the first half of 2023. So this will be a global launch. And obviously, as we know, there is a sequential process here between an accelerated approval and a potentially full approval after that. Mike?

I think that it will very much be dependent on the quality of the data. If the data clarifies and confirms without any ambiguity, that removing the plaque is correlated with the slowing down of a cognitive decline and reinforces the hypothesis, I think [ arrows with a line ] faster than what we believe.

And to add to what Priya said, beyond the solid design, there is an open-label extension that will add some information. There is also a preclinical trial ongoing for the earlier population and life cycle management opportunities with new subcutaneous formulation also on the way.