Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen closed 2018 with an all-time high in quarterly revenues of $3.5 billion, an increase of approximately 7% compared to the same period a year ago. For the full year 2018, Biogen generated another all-time high of $13.5 billion in revenues, representing growth of 10% year-over-year. Full year 2018 GAAP earnings were $21.58 a share, an 81% increase versus full year 2017. Full year 2018 non-GAAP earnings were $26.20 a share, a 20% increase versus full year 2017. We are pleased with the strong year-over-year growth as we continue to execute on our strategy to solidify our long-term leadership position in neuroscience.
Now let me review the year. First, full year MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties, were $9.1 billion, demonstrating resilience. The number of patients on our MS products globally remain relatively stable versus the prior year. Importantly, we continue to see improving trends for our MS business in the U.S. on a year-over-year basis. 
Second, SPINRAZA, which we pioneered in collaboration with Ionis as the first treatment for SMA, generated full year global revenues of $1.7 billion, nearly double the revenues we delivered in 2017. This blockbuster performance was driven by strong year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth -- sorry, outside of the U.S. Over the past year, including the expanded access program and clinical trials, we have more than doubled the number of patients on SPINRAZA to over 6,600 patients. SPINRAZA is the standard of care in SMA with approval in over 40 countries and formal reimbursement in 30 countries.
Third, we continue to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline with strong momentum building depth in our core growth areas. We are leveraging the interconnectivity within neuroscience as we aim to create multiple franchises beyond MS, SMA and Alzheimer's disease. 
2018 was one of the most productive years we have had in research and development as we aim to further derisk our pipeline and prepare for multiple potential launches in the early 2020s. Starting with our core growth areas, we made significant progress in our MS pipeline, including an NDA submission to the FDA, initiating new life cycle management initiatives and increasing investment in our R&D portfolio to develop potentially transformative new treatments, which Mike will discuss in more details. In Alzheimer's and dementia, we completed Phase III enrollment of aducanumab. We initiated a Phase II study of BIIB092 in Alzheimer’s disease, and we announced top line results of BAN2401 with our partner, SI. 
In neuromuscular disorders, we made impressive progress building depth. We acquired BIIB110, a muscle enhancement program from AliveGen. We initiated a Phase I study of BIIB078 targeting C9ORF in ALS, and we announced positive Phase I interim results for BIIB067 in SOD1 ALS. In movement disorders, we created strong momentum. We initiated a Phase II study of BIIB054 in Parkinson’s disease, and we completed enrollment of our Phase II study of BIIB092 in PSP.
In our emerging growth areas of acute neurology, neurocognitive disorders and pain, we did initiate 4 new studies. We expanded our pipeline with the addition of BIIB104 for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, and our option for TMS-007 for acute ischemic stroke. We are also advancing the program, the Phase III program, for BIIB093 in large hemispheric infarction with the potential to generate peak revenues of over $1 billion with initial launches as early as 2022.
Moving on to our biosimilars business. Full year biosimilars revenues were $545 million, which represents 44% growth year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we launched IMRALDI, our adalimumab biosimilar referencing HUMIRA in several European markets. IMRALDI has generated $17 million in revenues since its launch in mid-October, making it our most successful first quarter launch of a biosimilar. Importantly, our cash generation remain very strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In 2018, we spent a total of approximately $1.8 billion through 6 research and development deals and the increase in our share of the Samsung Bioepis joint venture. We continue to diligently evaluate new opportunities for more potential business development and M&A. We also repurchased approximately 14.8 million shares for $4.4 billion, and we have about $2 billion remaining in our share repurchase program.
 
In addition, we began 2019 with a new collaboration with Skyhawk Therapeutics with the aim of developing oral splicing modulator for multiple diseases, including MS and SMA. We continue to be financially disciplined, and we are focused on implementing a lean and simple operating model with the goal of continuous operational improvements. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short and the long term.
In summary, 2018 was clearly a very productive and successful year for Biogen as we executed on our strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience, SPINRAZA continued to grow in the U.S. and even more outside of the U.S., and we remain committed to our goal of being the long-term standard of care in SMA. We expanded and progressed our pipeline by adding 6 new clinical programs and completing enrollment of 3 late-stage studies. We grew our biosimilar business and launched IMRALDI in Europe, we are actively implementing a leaner and simpler operating model, and we have generated ample cash as we focus on strategically allocating capital to develop and build depth in our neuroscience portfolio, again, with the goal of maximizing shareholder returns and bringing innovative therapies to patients. Overall, we continue to make progress towards our goal of building a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio, and we are very excited about our upcoming data readouts.
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. We closed 2018 with strong commercial performance, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution of our strategy. We opened 2019 with the announcement of 2 business development deals. We have enhanced our neuroscience pipeline and broadened our capabilities across multiple modalities as we prepare for multiple upcoming important readouts. Biogen's vision and strategy are clear. As a pioneer, we aim to capture the significant unmet medical need in neuroscience with the goal of bringing potential new therapies faster and more efficiently to patients. For 2019, we aim to continue our momentum and achieve our guidance. To deliver on our aspirations, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA, and also, allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline, while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Biogen will continue to actively pursue business development and M&A.
Within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio, including data readouts in Alzheimer's, including the final Phase III data for aducanumab as well as MS and PSP, up to 5 new assets advancing into the clinic and potentially regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior return from the investment we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physician caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. 
With that, we will open the call for questions.

Thanks for the good question. So the strategy, as you know, is clear and simple and very reasonable. There is 3 main reasons to believe. First, we have a strong underlying momentum, solid base, value proposition, improving with the offer of biosimilars, and we are working on the operating model. Second, we have a strong and stronger engine for growth with all the enhanced pipeline that Mike spoke about, and we have very important landmark study readouts in the coming period, so this is a very exciting place to be. Third, we have financial strength. So concerning the busy in M&A, the drive first will be to continue to accelerate the buildup of our modalities and pipeline. This will be the key driver, scientific and strategic alignment. We will not go for bridging a potential gap because we are not on a burning platform. The team is building up very well. The management team is spending a lot of time on those activities. We have a broad range of targets, and we are working on that, but with pace and calm.

So we expect to grow SPINRAZA during 2019 in the U.S. and ex U.S. Remember, in the U.S., 1 year ago, we are not sure about the ability of the organization to penetrate to the large adult segment of the prevalence, and we are at 15%. This has driven more than 50% of the new starts in Q4. There is still a very long way to go. The organization is already working on that and beyond the U.S., Jeff gave some color.

Concerning SPINRAZA in the U.S. for infants and children, if it was your question, we do believe that there is still opportunity to improve the penetration. The reason why we are at 50% for infants is that some are still -- are too advanced, and therefore, they cannot be dosed. For children and toddlers, one of the challenge was the complex spine, and we can see that the clinicians are able to dose better nowadays, that they have more experience. So we should be able to continue to make reasonable inroads. The biggest potential, again, remains with the adult, the 60% opportunity for which we penetrated certainly 15%, and now we have the capability, the reach and the infrastructure in terms of dosing capability and coverage is established in the U.S.

I would like to say that it starts with the team and the capability that Biogen was able to deploy in the marketplace. It takes a little bit of time for the more urgent infant population, for which we knew what was a natural history, the outcome of it. The treatment centers were well identified. For the adult population, less symptomatic that can live with some symptoms, but they can live quite a long life, it was a bit more difficult and challenging to find treating centers and to mobilize them for a better quality of life. So this is why it took a little bit more time. So we enlarged the team. We did a lot of work in terms of medical affairs. And finally, we showed that for the adult population, there were incremental gains in functionality and this played a very important role. Al, you want to add?

So for 2019, we aim to continue our momentum, while we are getting ready for very important readouts. Thank you all for joining us today on our call.