Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen started 2019 with first quarter revenues of $3.5 billion, an increase of approximately 11% compared to the same period a year ago. First quarter 2019 GAAP earnings were $7.15 per share, an increase of 29% versus the same period a year ago. First quarter 2019 non-GAAP earnings were $6.98 per share, a 15% increase versus the same period a year ago. These results were driven by solid execution of our strategy to maximize the resilience in MS, progress in our dual launch of SPINRAZA, expand our anti-TNF biosimilar success in Europe, create a leaner and simpler operating model, and prioritize our capital allocation efforts with the goal of maximizing shareholder returns.
Let me expand on capital allocation. We remain focused on investing in areas with the highest potential benefit for patients and return for our shareholders. In addition to investing in our organic pipeline collaborations and acquired programs, we have made strategic investments in our operations, our biosimilars joint venture, our next-generation manufacturing facility that we are building in Solothurn, Switzerland. We have also taken measures to unlock capital that can be redeployed for higher return, such as our agreement to sell our Hillerød, Denmark manufacturing operations to FUJIFILM for up to $890 million. In addition, we have allocated capital with the proposed acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics.
Following the discontinuation of aducanumab, we viewed repurchasing our own share as an area with high potential return and announced a $5 billion share repurchase program. So far, in 2019, Biogen has repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion and our previously announced 2018 share repurchase program. We have $1 billion remaining under that program, plus $5 billion from our new repurchase program announced in March. We are committed to maximizing the value of our investments and to allocating capital and resources towards the areas we believe to be of the highest potential return, something that demands a thoughtful approach over both the short and the long term.
Capital allocation includes investment we have made in our pipeline. Over the past 2 years, we have added 13 clinical programs and most recently announced our plan to acquire Nightstar Therapeutics. When we articulated our strategy almost 2 years ago, we identified 4 core and 4 emerging growth areas, as we widen our lens to diversify. We have made meaningful progress towards this diversification and have entered into new therapeutic areas, while building depth in our core growth area of neuromuscular diseases and movement disorders, and potentially accelerating our entry into ophthalmology. In addition, we continue to advance all the assets and pursue therapeutic adjacencies with scientific promise.
Today, we have 23 programs in clinical development, including BIIB098, which has been filed with the FDA. And we expect 10 mid- to late-stage clinical readouts by the end of 2020. In addition, 2 more mid- to late-stage clinical assets assuming completion of the Nightstar acquisition.
Let me now address 3 critically important topics. First, the discontinuation of aducanumab and its short-term implications, TECFIDERA IP challenges and the outlook for SPINRAZA. First, I will address the discontinuation of aducanumab. We are in the business of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments to meet unmet medical needs. The unfortunate reality is that the pursuit of this objective is not always successful. The results for aducanumab are a terrible disappointment for the patients and families, desperately hoping for scientific breakthrough. Our scientists, researchers, medical professionals and as humans, we share this disappointment. We followed the science, and the outcome was not as we hoped, but we followed the science. I am incredibly proud of everyone at Biogen involved in this journey. We believe that the learning from the aducanumab trials will better position us to potentially attack this terrible disease successfully in the future.
Importantly, for our remaining programs focused on targeting beta-amyloid BAN2401 and elenbecestat, we are analyzing the results from the Phase III studies of aducanumab and the Phase II study of BAN2401. The learnings from this data will inform our view of the development of BAN2401 and elenbecestat. We plan to continue to advance our tau programs in Alzheimer's disease. BIIB092, BIIB076 and BIIB080. Beyond the disappointment of aducanumab, this outcome takes nothing away from everything else we have accomplished. What we aim to deliver in terms of operational performance over the near term, what we believe we can accomplish in the future with the rest of our pipeline.
Biogen is the world's leading neuroscience focused biopharmaceutical company. We intend and expect to remain the leader in the discovery, development and treatment of neurological diseases, while we will also continue to progress our very interesting compounds in lupus and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or IPS. We will continue working towards our goal of a multi-franchise portfolio by growing our pipeline and executing on our strategy.
In the short term, we remained focused on solid quarter-over-quarter execution, financial discipline and our high return capital allocation priorities. And we will continue to pursue opportunities to improve business performance, explore indication expansions, look for ways to accelerate time-to-market for our clinical programs, optimize our clinical resources and manufacturing capacity.
Biogen has key competitive advantages. We have deep scientific and clinical development expertise in neuroscience, global commercial expertise, including market access, as evidenced by a leading MS, SMA and European anti-TNF biosimilars commercial portfolio; world-class biologic manufacturing capabilities; and last but not least, a highly talented and energized team fully committed to realizing the value of the investment we have made in our organic pipeline, collaborations and acquired R&D with a goal of delivering the highest return to our shareholders.
As we have communicated in the past, our strategy is long-term leadership in neuroscience. That is still our reality today.
Now I will address TECFIDERA intellectual property. First, we appreciate that there are many questions regarding our U.S. intellectual property for TECFIDERA, which is being challenged in an inter partes review or IPR in the patent office and the litigation in District Court. Let me remind you that our 514 patent, which covers TECFIDERA and expires in 2028, has been very carefully scrutinized by the U.S. Patent Office multiple times.
There was already an IPR before the PTAB, where we prevailed. And we were also successful in an interference proceeding. We continue to believe we have valid patents. Nonetheless, we are appropriately preparing for all possible outcomes. Importantly, the head of the outcome of the IPR and District Court and the litigations, we shall have the opportunity to launch VUMERITY in novel oral fumarate disease-modifying treatment that has the potential to be another important choice for MS patients. The FDA has accepted the NDA filing of VUMERITY, and we expect a regulatory decision in the fourth quarter of this year. VUMERITY has a composition of matter patent with a base expiration date in 2033. It is a priority that we appropriately maximize the potential of VUMERITY.
Finally, I will address the outlook for SPINRAZA. Many of you are focused on the potential of upcoming competition for SPINRAZA. While we welcome new options for patients, we continue to believe that SPINRAZA will remain the standard of care in SMA for years to come. There are approximately 7,500 patients on SPINRAZA worldwide, including the EAP and clinical trials with over 7,000 patients having real-world experience in the post-marketing setting. We have clinical data following patients for up to 6 years. The efficacy and safety profile of SPINRAZA in the post-marketing setting has been viewed very positively by patients and physicians. And we believe the NURTURE study of presymptomatic infants demonstrates the remarkable efficacy profile of SPINRAZA.
Overall, we expect SPINRAZA to continue to grow as we aim to reach a global patient population that we believe is larger than what we initially estimated.
The Biogen team is standing up proud while taking the current situation very seriously. As always, we are committed to working for patients with unmet medical needs and maximizing shareholder value creation by investing in the areas that we believe have the highest potential return.
I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. The Biogen team is taking the current situation very seriously and dedicating every effort to maximize shareholder value creation. I am inspired by the reaction of the team. And we now have the opportunity and the obligation to rebound. We remain focused on growing our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while addressing the short-term priorities already discussed, including the TECFIDERA IP challenge and preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY by the end of the year. As always, we will invest in the areas we believe have the highest potential return for shareholders. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multifranchise portfolio, including data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, ALS, pain, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia and stroke. Potential regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS and up to 10 new assets advancing into the clinic.
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make.
I will end by stating explicitly that everyone at Biogen is highly committed to making a positive impact on patients' lives by remaining at the forefront of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments, while always being dedicated to maximizing the long-term returns on behalf of our owners.
With that, we will open the call for questions.

Thanks for the question. As we communicated, we plan to deploy our capital to areas of highest returns for the shareholders. And we do believe that at the current stock price level, buying back shares is very important. We took aggressive steps to diversify our portfolio in the past. But in the context of our current cash flow generation and the profile of our balance sheet, we can do both, buying back and also conduct some BD M&A activities.

Concerning the second part of your question. Thank you for asking. Based -- following the aducanumab setback, we gathered the team and we certainly worked hard to maintain the focus on the operations and the progress from all sides of the company. And again, I'm impressed by the reaction of the team. If we step back and we look at our enriched portfolio that is materially improved compared with what it was 28 months ago, the core of our focus remains and will remain neuroscience. Having said that, we also look very carefully at the progress we are making in lupus with the 2 compounds that Mike spoke about, and also idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. So this may point out adjacencies potentially in immuno, you speak about rare disease. It's too early for the organization to state that clearly. We need to regroup as a team, and we are doing that while we speak, share and align with the Board and then come back to you.

Just to conclude on this question and adding to what Mike is saying, it's all about adding value and highest return for the shareholders and finding synergism with the core capabilities of Biogen the way others will not be able to deliver.

Thanks for the great question, Michael. So if we -- you step back and you recall what we said repetitively, the plan A was always to prepare Biogen for growth even without aducanumab. So as I said, the focus will remain on neuroscience based on the portfolio we have, but also on the adjacencies of all the programs we are developing for now and we'll come back with more. If you look at what we have done, we have materially improved our pipeline. We have materially diversified our pipeline. We are basically positioning the company for the future. We have improved the operational performance and also the efficiency of operations. And we believe we have the ability to go further. This is where the capital also had been. We believe we invested the capital over the highest return opportunity. We have an IP challenge that we need to solve, and we are working on that. 
And we do recognize our responsibility to shareholders to maximize the return over the long term, specifically on Alzheimer's disease. It has to be science driven. We have tons of data points that we are still not yet finalizing to review and to digest. So we have to wait for the team, and it is a team of statisticians and clinicians, to look at the data so that we can best indicate, educate the cause forward for the beta-amyloid hypothesis and for BAN2401 and elenbecestat. And as I said, concerning the capital allocation and the share repurchase, I think we've been pretty clear that at this level, we believe that this is an area with very high return opportunity for shareholders. But again, in the context of the pristine balance sheet that we have, we can do more.

So we believe that deployment of capital at this level of price level should be on the share buyback. We believe this is a high return for everybody, and we believe in the value of our company. At the same time, our BD team is working very hard on looking for other opportunities with high return.

So from day 1, and this is the reason why we did the -- we deployed capital and acquired this asset, is that it was meaningful and strategically important for the company. We have a $9.1 billion franchise in MS that is pretty resilient to date. And we continue to -- we want to continue to invest in that space. We believe that this Alkermes compound can eventually be differentiated. We need to wait for some data readout. In the context of the IP challenge, certainly this is very important. It would be premature to state on every -- any clear tactical plan or strategy for launch. But while we speak, we are working thoroughly on that. It's not that the organization is without any alternative, but we remain confident on our patents for TECFIDERA.

So I will get started. Since 41 years that this company is in operation, innovation, scientific excellence was at the forefront and is at the forefront of what we did and what we do and what we will do. And this is coming with some risk. And we know historically that there have been some setbacks. But we also believe that nowadays we are able to mitigate some of them with genetically validated pathways and also biomarkers, neuroimaging and other elements, capabilities that we are building. Mike will give more color.

Concerning the biosimilars. We do believe in the value-creation opportunity offered by the biosimilars, also in the U.S. The savings opportunity are up to $250 billion in the next 10 years if we had an effective biosimilars market in the U.S. And we don't speak about that enough. But I believe what is being discussed in terms of rebates -- new rebates policy will address this potential gap. We are very pleased with our portfolio. We are very pleased with our performance. We do not intend to stop here.

I would like just to reiterate our commitment to patients, all customers and importantly to our shareholders. I believe Biogen is set to rebound, and I fundamentally believe that we will be back.