Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Joe Mara for his excellent contribution to Biogen during the past 14 years and also congratulation for his well-deserved promotion. At the same time, I am delighted to have Mike Hencke stepping into the role. 
As we have announced last week, the FDA has extended the review time line for aducanumab in the U.S. to June 7. We are committed to working with the FDA as it completes its review of the aducanumab publication, and we continue to stand behind our clinical data. We believe our results support approval. 
Let me now review the year. 2020 was a year of uncertainties due to COVID-19 for both society at large and also for our industry, and I am proud of what the Biogen team delivered. For the full year 2020, Biogen generated $13.4 billion in revenue, representing a 6% decrease year-over-year as we're experiencing the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to the impact of generic entry. Full year 2020 non-GAAP earnings were $33.70 a share, a slight increase versus full year 2019. 
Now let me review our progress against our strategic priorities. First, full year MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties, were $8.7 billion, a decrease of 6% versus the prior year. Excluding TECFIDERA in the U.S., our global MS revenue remained relatively stable for both Q4 and the full year versus 2019. Despite the challenges of launching a new product during COVID-19, we were pleased to see strong improvement in trends for VUMERITY, which has become the #2 MS product and the #1 oral in terms of new prescriptions in the U.S. We believe these results demonstrate our ability to maintain leadership and execute well despite increased competition, the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. and COVID-19. 
Second, SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 2% decrease versus the prior year. Q4 global revenues were stable versus Q3. While SPINRAZA is facing increased competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19, this was offset by continued growth outside the U.S. We remain committed to further exploring the potential to enhance outcomes for patients with SPINRAZA. This includes the DEVOTE study testing a higher dose as well as the recent initiation of the RESPOND study, evaluating SPINRAZA in patients with a suboptimal clinical response to gene therapy. There are important questions that remain unanswered on the other approved treatment options, and we are committed to generating relevant data to further inform treatment choices. We believe that SPINRAZA will remain a foundation of care in the treatment of SMA. 
Third, biosimilars delivered solid performance despite continued COVID-19 impact with revenues of $796 million for 2020, which represents 8% growth year-over-year. We estimate that the use of our biosimilar generated approximately EUR 2.4 billion of savings to the European healthcare systems in 2020, which should help expand access and create headroom for new innovation. We also made important progress towards potential geographic expansion and future growth for our biosimilars business with the filing of SB11 referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S., where, over the next 5 years, biosimilars are expected to generate over $100 billion in savings. 
Fourth, 2020 was a very productive year for our R&D organization. Last year, we submitted regulatory filing for aducanumab in the U.S., EU and Japan. We remain ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S., if and when it is approved. Our teams have evaluated the availability of specialists, infusion capacity, the ability to confirm the pathology of amyloid beta, MRI capacity and formulary approval processes. We believe there are several hundred sites in the U.S. that are ready to start treating patients should aducanumab be approved. 
Beyond aducanumab, we addressed or advanced 12 new clinical programs last year across MS, ALS, Parkinson's disease depression and biosimilars, including 4 in Phase III. Importantly, we entered new strategic collaboration with Sage and Denali, providing access to potential first-in-class therapies for serious neurological disorders, such as depression and Parkinson's disease. Our collaboration with Sage adds important late-stage diversification through Phase III programs in both major depressive disorders and postpartum depression with critical readouts expected this year and asset in depression would offer multiple synergies across Biogen's existing portfolio. Overall, in 2021, we expect 8 mid-to-late-stage data readouts, including 4 programs in Phase III. 
Fifth, our cash flow generation continues to provide us with significant flexibility to allocate capital. During 2020, we returned approximately $6.7 billion of capital to shareholders and allocated roughly $3 billion for business development to enhance our pipeline. 
In summary, 2020 was a very productive year for the company as we have executed on our strategy. Despite the challenges from COVID-19 and TECFIDERA generics, we have maintained global leadership across our core businesses in MS, SMA and biosimilars, and we have made significant progress towards building a multi-franchise portfolio. As Mike will outline with our guidance, we believe 2021 will be a reset year for the company financially on both the top and bottom lines, but we believe we can grow the company over the long term. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients. 
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Mike. Biogen demonstrated resilience and strong execution in 2020, positioning us well to manage the impact of TECFIDERA generics and to make 2021 a transformative year for the company as we continue executing on our strategy to build a multi-franchise portfolio. 
We are advancing an industry-leading pipeline for Alzheimer's disease. We are waiting an important decision on aducanumab in the U.S. now expected by early June. As Al described, our belief in the therapeutic approach of targeting amyloid plaques has never been stronger. We believe that our data supports the approval of aducanumab, and we are optimistic about BAN2401 in Phase III. We are also pursuing complementary approaches targeting tau pathology with 3 clinical assets targeting either extracellular tau with an antibody or intracellular tau with an ASO. We begin 2021 with an expanded and diversified pipeline, and we anticipate 8 mid-to-late-stage readouts by the end of this year. These include 4 pivotal and 4 Phase II readouts across a number of therapeutic areas characterized by significant unmet medical need, such as ALS, stroke and the new Phase III programs in MDD and PPD with Sage. 
We also expect significant milestone across our core business this year. In MS, we are launching intramuscular PLEGRIDY, and we are planning for the potential launch of subcutaneous TYSABRI as well as important data on extended interval dosing in the middle of the year. As we build for the medium to long term, we aim to scale our digital capabilities to further meet the need of patients. As part of our vision to lead in Alzheimer's disease, we are excited to be collaborating with Apple to develop potential digital biomarkers that may aid in diagnosing and monitoring disease progression at the earlier stage of cognitive decline. 
I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aiming for superior returns from the investment we make. 
Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long-standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we take a holistic view of health and strive to improve the broader society we serve. Now more than ever, we continue to invest in climate and health, access and equity as well as diversity and inclusion. 
In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. 
We will now open the call for questions.

Thank you for this question. Al Will answer. It demonstrates basically our commitment to best inform clinical practice based on the new modalities that we have for the good and for the benefit of patients. It shows also our mindset in terms of having SPINRAZA as a foundation of care in SMA treatment. Al?

While providing the guidance, it's basically the best reflection on how we see the business moving forward, even if these are assumptions that we decide on that may not represent the modality moving forward, which is basically the business in which we are, but this is the best belief that we have while we speak. Concerning price, we are getting there. We had very large engagements with many stakeholders. And basically, there are 2 main dimensions. The first one is the clinical meaningfulness and potentially in terms of cognitive functions, but also functional aspects on activity of daily living. This is one side of the equation. The second one is the cost of Alzheimer's to society, which is nowadays more than $550 billion a year in the U.S. The cost for caring for patients, and if I'm not mistaken, it's more than $0.5 million. By the age of 80, 75% of the patients are in nursing home and this costs more than $100,000 a year. And these are the main elements that we consider in our wide engagement on the important topic of price. We are getting there, as I said, but too early to give more specifics.

Thanks for the great question. I will take the first part -- sorry, the second part on the SG&A, and Al will come back on the data aspect, the important data aspect. So concerning the SG&A, basically, we have only one opportunity to potentially launch well such an important product. So we basically, we sought to deliver a major launch for what could be the first product able to deliver meaningful clinical and functional value to patients affected by the disease, and these are potentially 10 million patients in the U.S. It's a multibillion opportunity for the company we resource to win. Al?

So Mike will provide a bit more color on the part of your second question on the sequence.

Mike?

So we expect many readouts this year. So that's why I qualified the year is being transformative. Even if there is a financial reset, transformative in terms of data readout, which is somehow unprecedented for the company with 4 Phase IIIs and 4 Phase IIs and in terms of the largest potential based on epidemiology is certainly MDD and PPD. So we -- for which the late stage, they had positive results in randomized studies in PPD and MDD, and we are hopeful. And beyond those, there is choroideremia and ALS in Phase III. But beyond aducanumab, we have this pipeline progressing very well. And the core business is solid, it's resilient, and we count on that. Financially, we are sitting on cash, and we can continue to complement this pipeline. So there are plenty of reasons to believe.

Yes. Concerning the launch sequence, we are obviously starting with the most important high-volume centers that are getting ready to treat, and as mentioned earlier, these are hundreds, and this is already substantial. Keep in mind that there is an amyloid beta confirmation most probably that will have to be done. And obviously, over time, we will expand down the pyramid to larger targets.

Thank you for the question. And we are watching this trend very carefully, and I will start and then Mike will add. First of all, we are pleased with the -- with $2.1 billion overall revenue for SPINRAZA in 2020 despite COVID. So in the U.S., the majority of the impact is COVID as per the input from the team. Patients are scared to go to the centers, so they delay the dosing. Some sites are being closed or limited capacity or staffing in order to dose the patients. And last but not least, COVID is accelerating some switches to alternative treatment that exists. We've seen the peak of switch in September and then we've seen a decline of those. And we've seen also, very encouragingly for us, some patients deciding to return to SPINRAZA for reasons of efficacy, perceived efficacy or for reasons of side effects. And last but not least, following the spike of launch, we've seen a rebound in demand for SPINRAZA in towards the end of the year. Mike?

So we remain hopeful for SPINRAZA. Again, this is a very important asset. As we said many times, it's an efficacy play. And hopefully, with the rates of vaccination, this will be better reflected into the drug utilization rather than a perceived convenience. At the end of the day, the SUNFISH data remains. The part 2 of SUNFISH remains, 1 out of 2 patients experiencing disease progression. And our product remains extremely well-documented with the broadest label, and we continue to invest in innovative research.

Okay. So we believe 2021 will be a transformative year for Biogen. And I want to thank you all for your attention to our call. Have a good day.