Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I want first to acknowledge the challenging situation the global COVID-19 pandemic has created for so many people. Our hearts go out to everyone who has been impacted. We applaud the way our employees and everyone across the entire health care system is breaking down barriers and working together to address this pandemic, and we are committed to doing our part to support communities worldwide. At the same time, we are also committed to learning from the current situation and working to develop innovative new operating models, such as accelerating our digital capabilities, which we believe will better position Biogen for the future. 
During these challenging and unprecedented times, Biogen's mission and purpose remain the same. Over 0.5 million patients around the world rely on us today to supply important medicines for serious diseases, and there still remains an urgent need to develop innovative therapies for the millions of patients suffering from devastating diseases of the nervous system.
Let me now provide you with an update on how we are operating our business throughout the pandemic. First, I would like to recognize the resilience and adaptability of the Biogen team. Biogen personally felt the painful impact of this global crisis, as many of our employees became sick early on and others have since been affected. We have been fortunate that as of today all of our employees have recorded -- recovered or are recovering. Most of our affected employees have continued to work and fulfill their duties. We are grateful to the public health authorities for all they have done, and we are also thankful for the courage and compassion of the health care workers who have been helping us and continue to support so many.
We took a number of actions early on to support our stakeholders and society at large, including committing $10 million from the Biogen Foundation to support global response efforts; launching a consortium with Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard and Partners HealthCare to build and share a biobank and giving Biogen employees who have recovered as well as their close contacts, the opportunity to donate samples and medical data; pursuing a process development and manufacturing collaboration with Vir Biotech, which is developing potential antibody therapies for COVID-19; providing medical equipment and supplies to Partners HealthCare in Massachusetts and developing and donating 3D-printed personal protective equipment in Massachusetts and North Carolina; engaging with investigators who may want to evaluate the potential of our interferon therapies or our anti-TNF biosimilars to treat COVID-19; facilitating volunteers' efforts by our medically trained employees to serve as health care workers on the front lines and by other employees to serve the community; and implementing policies and practices to safeguard our employees and communities, including asking almost all the employees to work from home at this stage. These are our initial commitments, and we will continue to look for additional ways to help.
At the same time, we have remained intensely focused on operating our business to serve the needs of all our patients and stakeholders. I am proud to see the Biogen team demonstrate agility by quickly defining innovative approaches to both mitigate risks and identify new opportunities across R&D, manufacturing, medical and commercial operations.
Let me provide you with an update on several key areas of our business. At this time, our supply chain around the world is functioning well. We continue to operate our manufacturing facilities and are working with organizations across our supply chain to maintain continuity, and we continue to closely monitor the evolving situation. We are carefully considering recent regulatory guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic, and the safety of participants in our clinical programs is our top priority. To help mitigate the impact to our clinical trials, we are pursuing innovative approaches, such as remote monitoring, remote patient visits and supporting home infusions. 
While we expect there may be some impact to time lines for some of our clinical programs, importantly, we still expect the vast majority of the 10 remaining readouts, we have recently highlighted, to occur before the end of 2021. We have continued to have frequent interactions with regulatory authorities, including for aducanumab. We have adjusted our commercial and medical affairs operations and accelerated our digital engagement with customers. We are working with regulators to enable home infusions for TYSABRI where appropriate.
To date, our business and financials have remained strong. We believe that we are in a strong position to remain the leader in neuroscience based on the strength in our core business areas, a healthy balance sheet and financial position and a robust pipeline across several important disease areas. We continue to believe we have multiple opportunities for significant near-term value creation as we aim to build a multifranchise portfolio in areas such as Alzheimer's, ALS, stroke, ophthalmology and lupus.
Now let me turn to highlights of the first quarter, starting with our financials. First quarter revenues grew 1% to $3.5 billion. First quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 13% to $8.08, and non-GAAP EPS grew 31% to $9.14.
Turning to our progress across our strategic priorities. First, we have made good progress towards the regulatory filing in the U.S. for aducanumab. We have continued to have constructive engagement with the U.S. FDA. We now have an open BLA, and we have started to submit modules of the filing. We have participated in additional formal interaction using mechanisms such as Type C meetings, and we are preparing for a pre-BLA meeting currently scheduled for this summer. Following that meeting, we expect to complete the filing in Q3. I'd like to thank the FDA and the aducanumab team at Biogen, who have adjusted to working under the current circumstances with COVID 19, in particular, as some members of the Biogen team were directly impacted. Outside the U.S., we have had initial aducanumab discussions with regulators in Europe and Japan, although these interactions are still in the early stages.
In March, the first patient was dosed in the EMBARK redosing study, which aims to provide access to aducanumab for eligible patients previously enrolled in our aducanumab clinical studies. While we collect important data in this study, we do not believe it is required for the filing. From a manufacturing standpoint, we currently expect to have adequate supply to meet anticipated demand for aducanumab, initially using our facility in RTP, North Carolina, which will later be complemented by the large next-generation state-of-the-art facility we are building in Solothurn, Switzerland. The construction is complete, and its validation remains on track. We expect it to be operating by the end of this year and to be producing some of the commercial supply of aducanumab in mid-2021.
Overall, together with our collaboration partner, Eisai, we remain optimistic about the prospect of bringing aducanumab to market as the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease, and we continue to progress in our market preparation and launch readiness with an initial focus on the U.S. We hope that aducanumab marks the beginning of an era of new potential treatments for Alzheimer's disease, and we aim to build a broad franchise across multiple targets and modalities. This includes BAN2401, which we are collaborating on with Eisai, multiple programs targeting tau; our collaboration with CAMP4 to identify new druggable targets; our acquisition of a CK1 inhibitor from Pfizer as a potential symptomatic therapy; and our new collaboration with Sangamo to develop gene regulation therapies for a range of neurological indication, including Alzheimer's disease.
Second, Q1 MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties, were $2.3 billion, an increase of 9% versus the prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally increased 3% versus the prior year, and our business continued to demonstrate resilience. We continue to launch VUMERITY in the U.S. We have been able to secure unrestricted access for VUMERITY faster than other recent competitive launches. We have also been pleased to see that a large proportion of VUMERITY patients have come from therapies older than TECFIDERA and approximately 30% of VUMERITY patients are naive to treatment. We also made progress with our first ex U.S. regulatory filing of VUMERITY in Israel and plans to pursue approval in all the major markets worldwide.
We were pleased that the claims of our TECFIDERA patent were upheld by the U.S. Patent Office in a positive decision on the IPR challenge. This decision has been appealed and is pending. We expect decision from the federal district courts in the Delaware and West Virginia ANDA actions later this year. 
Third, SPINRAZA generated first quarter global revenues of $565 million, a 9% increase versus the prior year and a 4% increase versus the prior quarter. Including the expanded access program and clinical trials, over 10,000 patients are being treated with SPINRAZA. This quarter, important new data were published, showing the clinically meaningful benefit SPINRAZA can deliver for teens and adults with SMA, and we initiated a new study to evaluate the potential for even greater efficacy with a higher dose of SPINRAZA. 
Fourth, first quarter biosimilars revenue was $219 million, which represents 25% growth year-over-year. We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately EUR 1.8 billion of savings to the European health care systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is critical as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and continue -- and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the health care system.
Fifth, beyond Alzheimer's disease, we continue to develop and expand our pipeline. In particular, this quarter, we submitted a regulatory filing for an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in the U.S. and in Europe, which may be another important option for MS patients.
Sixth, our cash flow generation remains strong, and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In Q1, we generated approximately $1.5 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to have the financial flexibility and capacity to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities and remain active on the BD front. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short- and the long-term. 
In summary, despite the challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Biogen has continued to execute well on our strategy.
I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Jeff. I am incredibly proud of how the Biogen team has responded to the current situation. Our employees all around the world have demonstrated resilience and dedication to advancing our mission as well as their compassion and empathy in wanting to be part of the solution to this terrible disease. Our business has remained strong. We delivered solid financial results in the first quarter, and we have demonstrated agility in adapting many aspects of our operations, including the conduct of most of our clinical trials. While we do anticipate some risks to our business as a result of the pandemic, we believe our opportunities for value creation remains compelling, given the significant unmet medical need in the diseases we are pursuing.
With a strong core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, we believe we have the foundation to continue building a multifranchise portfolio. We believe the vast majority of our 10 data readouts remains on track to complete before the end of 2021. Importantly, we have made good progress on the aducanumab filing, and we are actively preparing for potential commercial launch as we are getting ready to lead the fight in Alzheimer's disease.
Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make.
Our response to this current situation exemplifies our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for, and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long run as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space.
Now more than ever, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the health care workers who are on the front lines battling COVID-19. I have been truly impressed how the entire health care community has stood up in the face of these challenging times.
With that, we will open the call for questions.

So thank you for the question. That is the focus of the attention of everyone and the priority within the organization. Again, we are on track, and we are receiving input from the FDA, and we are engaging very well. I would say there are 2 main reasons, while it's taking a little bit more time. And at the company, we are prioritizing the quality of the submission versus the timing. We don't want to rush and then face challenges. So the quality is important, and we have to keep in mind that there is an unprecedented dataset plus COVID, okay? The database lock was in November and is very complex with more than 3,200 patients, multiple biomarkers and multiple end points. And if you couple that with severe one, it makes a complex and unprecedented dataset. So I just want to put that upfront before Al builds on that. Al?

So the level of confidence remains the same. Al will take the rest of the question.

So Umer, last time we had the opportunity to dialogue, we didn't have an open BLA. We didn't have file to the FDA. So there is good progress. We had additional Type C meetings, and you have to read here high interest from the FDA. So this is what we continue to qualify as being positive progress. Al?

And if something will have changed, we will communicate so.

Al?

Having said that, I think that launching a product in the post-COVID environment will be very interesting to assess beyond, I would say, the normality of what we are preparing on many aspects, the ability to meet beyond digital channels, face-to-face, how to engage, but also infusion and much more. And this, we are getting ready. There are 2 dynamic going on. One is managing the life cycle of well-established product, this is what we are doing, we're doing very well. And launching a new product in a COVID environment is a challenge. In post-COVID, it's still yet to be assessed.

So thank you all for attending the call. I would like to say that even if personally affected by this terrible pandemic, Biogen is demonstrating superb resilience. Biogen is even stronger today, and we are well positioned for the future, starting with aducanumab, but also looking forward to all the important readouts in the coming period.