Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We continue to execute on our core business objectives in the first quarter. Mike and Priya will review our quarterly performance and recent progress in R&D, while I focus on our strategy and near-term operational priorities.
Let me start with a few comments on the recent national coverage determination by CMS for amyloid beta targeted therapies for Alzheimer's disease. This decision effectively denies all Medicare beneficiaries access to ADUHELM. We are very disappointed by the final NCD. And as a result, we will substantially eliminate our commercial infrastructure for ADUHELM. We will retain minimal resources to manage patient access programs, including a continued free drug program for patients currently on treatment in the U.S.
We expect to continue funding certain regulatory and R&D activities for ADUHELM, including the continuation of our EMBARK re-dosing study and the initiation of our Phase IV post-marketing requirement study, ENVISION. Additional actions regarding ADUHELM may be informed by upcoming data readouts expected for this class of antibodies as well as further engagement with the FDA and CMS.
In parallel, we are committed to working closely with Eisai on the potential launch of lecanemab. We are now looking forward as we work to advance our broader pipeline, including lecanemab and zuranolone; execute on our base business; and deploy our capital in the best interest of shareholders.
We recognize that Biogen is facing a number of near-term challenges. These challenges, including generic erosion of TECFIDERA; competition for SPINRAZA and biosimilars, anti-TNFs; and a declining profit share from RITUXAN in the U.S. These challenges are all part of the biopharmaceutical business life cycle, and we believe that potential new product launches such as lecanemab, zuranolone and additional biosimilars can help return the company to grow over time.
Further, we see the potential for additional growth driver in the mid- to late 2020s in other areas such as stroke, lupus and Parkinson's disease. And of course, we will be pursuing new business development opportunities as well. However, given that we are in a long product cycle business and in light of the CMS decision, we recognize there is more we must do today to provide better clarity and visibility into the company's future.
Let me share the priority actions we are implementing now. First, we are increasing our focus on R&D prioritization with the goal of maximizing the probability of success, which Priya will further discuss. This prioritization process will be informed in part by key data readouts expected in 2022.
In Alzheimer's disease, together with Eisai, we plan to complete the rolling submission for lecanemab under the accelerated approval pathway in the U.S. during the second quarter of this year. In addition, we expect a readout of the Phase III Clarity AD confirmatory trial for lecanemab this fall. Based on the results of the study, we plan to submit for full FDA approval by the first quarter of 2023 with the opportunity for lecanemab to become the first anti-amyloid antibody to obtain full approval for Alzheimer's disease in the U.S.
In neuropsychiatry, we are working with Sage to advance zuranolone as an important new potential option for MDD and PPD. We recently initiated the rolling submission of zuranolone in MDD and expect to complete the filing in the second half of 2022.
We also look forward to the Phase III SKYLARK study readout in PPD, expected mid this year with an associated filing for PPD anticipated early next year. Also in neuropsychiatry, we expect the Phase II readout for BIIB104 in cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia in mid-2022.
Second, we will implement additional cost reduction and productivity measures above and beyond our previously communicated initiatives to further align our costs with our revenue base. These measures will include the substantial elimination of our commercial infrastructure supporting ADUHELM as well as other cost reduction while we continue to fund promising pipeline and commercial opportunities.
Third, we are executing on international growth opportunities with a focus on key emerging markets, such as China and certain markets in both Latin America and the Middle East. This includes the continued launch of SPINRAZA and may also include pursuing local business development opportunities.
Fourth, we plan to drive renewed growth in our biosimilars business, although our portfolio of anti-TNF products is likely past the peak of its life cycle. We currently have 4 more programs in development, and in the near term, we are preparing to launch BYOOVIZ, referencing Lucentis in the U.S. in the coming months.
Our fifth near-term priority is capital allocation. Biogen is fortunate to have a strong balance sheet with $4.8 billion in cash as of the end of the quarter and modest net debt as well as strong cash flow generation. Going forward, we plan to continue to focus the deployment of cash towards initiatives designed to create incremental revenue growth opportunities, while continuing to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases.
In summary, the challenges faced by the company over the last -- the past 12 months have been significant. We are committed to taking advantage of all the strengths we have, including our talent; our commercial portfolio; our manufacturing capabilities; our pipeline, which includes 10 programs in Phase III or filed; and of course, our strong balance sheet to deliver on the performance that is expected from us.
Let me conclude by saying that it has been an honor to lead this outstanding company during such a challenging period of time and to work closely with so many dedicated and talented colleagues. I am very proud of all that we have achieved. I want to thank the Board of Directors and my colleagues for their support during this period. I will be leaving at a time of promise for Biogen with noteworthy potential for value creation, and I look forward working with my successor through a smooth transition.
I will now turn the call over to Priya for an update on our recent progress in R&D.

Thank you, Matthew. 5.5 years is a good term, and if you look at my professional history, this was approximately the tenure in every key posting that I've had. I've given a lot, and I will continue to do so as a priority during the transition to support the team so that we can continue to deliver.
Today, we reaffirmed our guidance. The business momentum is going as well as it could despite the competition and the life cycle events that we are facing. We are exciting about -- excited about the readouts to come. And the adu and the anti-amyloid story is still unfolding. So the story will continue. And I'm very excited about the opportunity to have new readouts in that space that will best inform everything we've heard, including decisions.
So the CEO transition is a natural event. And is there always an ideal timing? I'm not sure. But I think that after 5.5 years, while we have a strategy that is pretty visible to all of you being a specialized company in neuroscience with some immuno assets that are very important and in Phase III with the biosimilars and the digital health, I think the company is well positioned. It's good to have at one stage, somebody else who comes with the support of the Board, and basically revisits the assumptions.
So I think that this will be good for everyone involved. And my focus again will be on the company. It's not about me. It's about the company, on the team and on a smooth transition. Business continues. I will be meeting all of you in the coming days in person in Boston in New York. I will be traveling with my team in Asia at the end of the week to meet our key partners and potential future partners and support our team and meet with PMDA also. So it -- the business continues, and I will be at the top of it until the last second.

And a couple of comments to consider, Umer. The first one is that at that time where you started to cover, it was mostly U.S. business only, okay? And this is not the case today. And the second point is that there were very few DMTs in the class, and now it's extremely crowded, and Biogen is still the leader globally in each one of those being SMA, being MS and being anti-TNF in Europe.
So this takes some muscles and, obviously, skills. And we have made tremendous progress in terms of using digitalization and all the means of engaging, but we get the point, and this is compounded by the investment we have made on ADUHELM that we're eliminating.

Priya?

Potentially for some, but not for all. I think that Biogen will remain on the upper hand on a few priorities, but we'll be open to look for partnering on others. But it's for Priya and the team to determine with the support of the governance of the company.

So we do expect the Phase III readout in the fall of this year. And we are discussing in full alignment with a partner, the operational details beyond lecanemab. But based on the timing, it will make no sense to carry such a long team -- such a large team for such a long time.
So I think it's the right decision. The preparation that was made on the infrastructure is there, and there is certainly a big benefit for the entire class moving forward. But we could not afford to keep the team, unfortunately, for that many months. So I think it's the right decision. Our sentiment for lecanemab does not change, just to be clear.

Yes, absolutely. And I think it's a very important question. It's all about having the right priorities and somehow rebalancing the risk profile of the portfolio. And we know that. And this goes with neuroscience, but Priya will say more.

Thank you for the comments. Priya?