Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The D.R. Horton team delivered an outstanding third quarter, highlighted by a 78% increase in earnings to $3.06 per diluted share. Our consolidated pretax income increased 81% on a 35% increase in revenues to $7.3 billion, and our pretax profit margin improved 490 basis points to 19.4%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended June 30 was 34.9%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 29.5%. 
These results reflect our experienced teams and the production capabilities, our ability to leverage new order scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. Housing market conditions remain very robust, and we are focused on maximizing returns and increasing our market share further. 
However, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction time to become less predictable. As our top priority is to consistently fulfill our commitments to our homebuyers, we have slowed our home sales pace to more closely align to our current production levels and are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we can better ensure the certainty of home close date for our homebuyers. We expect to work through these issues and increase our production capacity. 
We started construction on 22,600 homes this quarter, and our homes and inventory increased 44% from a year ago to 47,300 homes at June 30, 2021, positioning us to finish 2021 strong and to achieve double-digit growth again in 2022. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. 
We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Mike?

We have increased our housing inventory in response to the strength of demand, and we expect the current constraints on our supply chain to ultimately subside. This quarter, we started 22,600 homes, up 33% from the third quarter last year, bringing our trailing 12-month starts to 94,500 homes. We ended this quarter with 47,300 homes in inventory, up 44% from a year ago. 15,400 of our total homes at June 30 were unsold, of which 500 were complete. Mike?

In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our results also illustrate the growth opportunity in front of us as we increase production capacity in response to homebuyer demand. 
Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with a significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today's robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. 
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. 
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. As a result of these efforts, we are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Well, on the starts outlook, we have a plan, and our plan is to consistently be out there, community by community, increasing production over time. If you look at our quarterly run rate, we're in that 22,000, 23,000 starts each quarter. That was the plan for this year. Our plan is to take that up next year, and we positioned land, lots people to affect that plan. So demand out there is just unlike anything I've ever seen. 
And I think our focus is on how to meet that demand in the most efficient manner. And injecting a homeowner into the process sooner rather than later impacts our ability to get the houses built and extends that time. And it makes it harder for our trace and our superintendents. I can tell you, it is through our history to have somebody walk into our models and to tell them we don't have a house for you to buy today is something that is foreign to us. And as difficult as anything I've ever seen on our salespeople. 
And it is a tough environment to be in a sales office today. And I talk -- in our travels, I talked to our people. We're going to provide a home for everybody walking in. We just need to keep them patient and understand their frustration. But that's just -- again, it's a market I've never seen. Demand is just unbelievable today. I can't remember the rest of the question.

We are continuing to put things in place to expand our production capability. We've increased the phase size of our lot deliveries because we see -- in my history, if a buyer walked into a model, and you had to figure out how to get them under contract in a week, 10 days, they had bought somewhere else. 
I've got an e-mail this month from a buyer who's been in our models at every release for the last year and hasn't been able to buy a house, and he's still waiting. And that's -- I mean you can multiply that thousands and thousands of times across the country with multiple builders out there. 
And we did not restrict sales as soon as the general market did, and which just geometrically increased our demand. And it's again, we're all managing through a market that none of us have ever seen. And probably the difference in this cycle than the prior super demand cycle that I was a part of is that the builders are disciplined in this cycle. We're all focused on capital efficiency. We're all focused on improving returns. And it's -- I think it's going to extend the cycle again. But again, we're on uncharted waters from a demand aspect right now.

I think what we can control, we are controlling, Carl. We can control them over lots that we push into the phase. We can control communication with our trade partners and make sure they understand the levels and timing of what we're pushing out and our staffing levels. Generally, the -- that's been the least of the problems because it's absorption for community. 
So you have to have support in the communities but it's just a very efficient process. So it really just has to do with field operations as far as driving that capacity and aggregating and consolidating trade base within those submarkets, which is a process that we go through every day. I mean we did start almost 95,000 homes in the trailing 12 months, and that's -- I don't think anybody else has ever done that. And it's a result of scale and just incredibly hard work being done out in the field.

Well, I think today, we're seeing very little price pushback. It's the -- I don't know that you could impact demand with price today. So go ahead.

When you move the release date on a particular house, from slab to frame to windows installed. I mean that is an extended pretty of time right now. And so reading demand or any significant change into the -- this quarter adjustment as we have pushed out that release date, to me, is -- it's just not indicative of what is out there in the market. 
We really are trying to improve the experience of the homebuyer. And when we give somebody a day to close, we intend to keep it because their whole life revolves around that. And as the certainty of close date was impacted by windows installation, anything and everything that -- appliances that was taking place through the last 6 months, it just became obvious to us that we need to be more restricted than what we're doing. 
Trust me, it is soul-crushing to our salespeople to have somebody walk in, ready, willing, able to buy and being told that we have houses that will be coming available in 30 to 45 days, and we will be glad to call you. What is different to me this market cycle than any other than I've ever been a part of is that, 30 or 45 days later, you call that person, and yes, they're still trying to buy a house. So it's a tough market to be a buyer.

Well, we have decreased our square footage of houses. You will probably continue to see that take place. We are reducing the number of 2-story homes that we offer in communities. And by offer, I mean, we have a production model we're detailing. We're picking the houses we're going to build and the release schedule that we're going to sit over the market there. 
So again, we are very sensitive to price point. We are very sensitive to that FHA loan limit. That, to us, is a risk mitigator because that's where the vast majority of buyers are in the equally service. So trust me, we're monitoring, we're tracking it, and we do believe that as our production capabilities continue to improve and increase and we consolidate labor and -- in these markets, that we will continue to be able to offer affordable homes. If rates tick up, then yes, more pressure on price. But we will meet that challenge when it comes.

I think what we're looking for is to get a level of inventory in front of the buyers. Typically, this time of year, we'd be sitting on 40%, 45% specs. Today, the only specs we have are at our houses we haven't released to the market. So again, it's -- we're trying to drive efficiency in the process. 
And by controlling when that house is sold, if it does help, we'll meet customer expectation. And it also eliminates a lot of frustration on the building side, where a buyer is coming out and they have been told -- they bought a house in January, and they have been told they'd be moving into June and the house is ready to move into. So they're out there every day monitoring the progress of their house against the progress of every other home in the community. 
And it just adds a level of difficulty that, to be honest with you, right now today, we don't want and we don't need. And it's -- if somebody gets frustrated in the build process, they stay frustrated for a very long time. Very hard to meet the expectation once they get upset. So by limiting that, by pushing the maturity of our inventory further down the process before we inject a buyer into. 
We're trying to take some of the pressure off our trades and our builders. And when did that process take place. I will tell you, in some divisions, it started in January and then it went other divisions in February. And really by April, end April, 1st of May, it took hold in some of our very large divisions in the state of Texas. 
And it just got to the point where we were spending more time -- we were spending a significant amount of time dealing with the customers' frustration on this close date of their house at the expense of other things we could be doing that would drive future efficiency and production capabilities. So again, it was a process that took place over multiple months, beginning in one division and ending in -- really ending in May in Texas. 
So Don Horton has said many times, never thought he'd see a day when he couldn't build every house he could sell in the state of Texas. I can tell you today, there's not enough lots or trade capacity to meet demand in the state of Texas. I don't care if you're Don Horton or any of the other public builders out there. It's very difficult to get a house built today. We're doing a better job than anybody else, and we're going to get better at what we're doing. But it's -- there is a tremendous amount of demand out there.

And again, we're focused on the lower end of the price scale. And I can assure you, even if we look at the other public builders out there, their price points are higher. And any slowdown in the market, at least in my opinion, is going to be driven by the house payment. And it just does not feel like that is anything on horizon right now.

These third-party developers are great partners of ours. I mean we work with these guys day in day out. We've been working with them day in day out for multiple years now. We know these guys, we know their capabilities. And if one of them gets in trouble, I mean, we step in and help. And we've done that a couple of times this year, where a local guy got out over skis and we had to step in and bring the lots to market. 
And it's -- we talk about the flexibility of our capital structure and our balance sheet and liquidity that we maintain that's why we do that. And then we've got the added benefit of a very close relationship with Forestar who has been -- they have done an exceptional job of building out their platform over the last 5 years, and they have really good people controlling the operations and developments of these lots. And we are their biggest customer. 
And so we -- I was thinking about that this morning. When you look at the embedded lot counts that we own and control and our ability to actually have a production plan to drive a set number of starts every week in every market on a consistent and growing basis, that is just -- in today's world, that is an incredible competitive advantage. And it allows us to communicate with our trades so that they know where we're going to start. 
Our -- the vast majority of our key trade partners right now know our start pace in October, November, December and January. And that's when we're going to start to homes. And they are aligned with our vision of what we're trying to accomplish. And I mean they spend a lot of work into this position, but there's never been a platform in this industry that is anything like what the D.R. Horton platform is today. And we're very proud of that, and we think we're going to deliver outstanding results as a result of...

That's a valid concern. It's something that we monitor. And whether we own a lot or we're buying them on an option, we have people in the divisions working with on every community to make sure those lots get delivered.

Again, if we -- I don't know how you define seasonality that it's based on the number of houses you start and when you release them for sale. We're building that process -- program to improve that. I think you're going to see our sales track, our inventory of leases. And as we release more houses, we're going to sell our...

Again, it goes back to scale within these markets. I mean, we're a very important customer to just about every material supplier in those markets. So Mike's right, it is about relationships, but it's about future relationships as well. So is it going to be difficult? Absolutely. It's going to be difficult because they're saying no to somebody. We just don't want them to be saying no to us.

Certainly haven't seen any incentives picking up. And we have used the final invest in certain communities and where we have a very limited lot supply. But that's not a giant component of what we're seeing in sales price or margin. It certainly is impactful and it certainly happened in our extended longer communities, especially at the price points we have -- we're offering in the entry level. 
We don't like that -- I personally don't like that process because in '05, '06, there was a false demand by people running around putting houses on the contract that they never intended to close. I don't want our operators to have a false expectation about the pricing that's achievable in the market by having a guy from California bid on a house and stuff, look on a guy in Texas. 
And then all of a sudden, every house is worth what a guy transferring in from California is willing to pay. We're trying to stay very close to these markets. And our goal is to sell everybody who walks into our house and into our model of home. And we're not there right now, but we're certainly going to get to there.

I love California. We're making a lot of money in California right now.

Thank you, Daryl. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today, and look forward to speaking with you again to share our fourth quarter and full year results in November. And to the D.R. Horton family, Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for your focus and hard work, tremendous accomplishments in delivering the first 3 quarters. Let's go finish strong and put numbers on the board that nobody has ever seen. Thank you.