Thank you, Jessica, and good morning.  In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The D.R. Horton team delivered a solid second quarter of 2019. Our consolidated revenues increased 9% to $4.1 billion. Pretax income was $463 million, and our pretax profit margin was 11.2%.  The spring selling season is going well as our net sales orders increased 52% sequentially and 6% from the prior year quarter. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer affordable homes across multiple brands.
As we have discussed on our last 2 calls, affordability concerns have caused some moderation in demand for homes since late 2018 particularly at higher price points. However, this spring, we have continued to see good demand and a limited supply of homes at affordable prices across our markets while economic fundamentals and financing availability remained solid.
We are pleased with our product positioning and our people sales trends to date. Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong annual cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. 
With a conservative balance sheet that includes an ample supply of homes, lots and land to support growth, we are well positioned for the remainder of 2019 and future years. Mike?

We increased the portion of our land and lot pipeline that we control through land purchase contracts again this quarter.
At March 31, our homebuilding lot position consisted of 316,400 lots of which 120,900 or 38% were owned and 195,500 or 62% were controlled.
35,000 of our total owned lots are finished and 103,000 of our controlled lots are or will be finished when we purchase them.
We plan to continue to increase our lot position being developed by third parties by supporting the expansion of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform and continue to expand our relationship with lot developers across the country. Our lot portfolio with an ample supply of lots per homes at affordable price points is a strong competitive advantage. Jessica?

DHI Communities is our multifamily rental company focused on suburban garden-style apartments and currently operates primarily in Texas, Arizona and Florida. DHI Communities has 4 projects under active construction and 2 projects that were substantially complete at the end of the quarter.
During the quarter, DHI Communities sold its first apartment project of 432 units located in McKinney, Texas for $73.4 million and recognized a gain on sale of $29.3 million.
DHI Communities' total assets were $170 million at March 31, and it is reported as part of other business in our segment financials. Bill?

Our balanced capital approach focuses on being flexible, opportunistic and disciplined. Our balance sheet strength, earnings and annual cash flow generation are increasing our flexibility, and we plan to utilize our strong position to enhance the long-term value of the company. 
Our continued top cash flow priorities are to consolidate market share by investing in our homebuilding business and strategic acquisitions, reduce homebuilding leverage and return capital to our shareholders through the dividends and share repurchases. Jessica?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our long tenured and well-established operating platform across the country.
We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to expand our industry-leading market share.
We are focused on consolidated market share while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong annual cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position.
We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and, most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country.
We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations.
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Stephen, I'd say it was kind of a traditional seasonality that's got a little better in January, a little better in February, a little better in March. The market is -- it seems pretty solid out there. It's -- and April is pretty much as we expected. So I will tell you it's kind of a pleasant surprise, given our first quarter. So we're happy with what we're seeing out there right now.

We have seen it unwinding, yes, incentives are certainly lower today than they were first quarter. And progressively we've been able to hit our sales targets with a little less incentive each month.

I said pretty much as we expected.

I got to tell you, Stephen, we're kind of maintaining as much flexibility as we possibly can and in Don Horton's world, any debt's bad debt. I can tell you this from a return base and capital priorities. Some debt's not a terrible thing. Bill?

Carl, I can tell you Texas is a great market. We're seeing solid performance across all of our divisions. We're coming off very tough comp of the second quarter last year and we are dominant market share in the 4 major cities. So it's -- we've very happy with Texas. We like what our operators are doing out there, and the truth is our targeted growth in Texas is probably low single digits to mid-single digits for the year, and we think we're well positioned to hit that.

I wouldn't say accelerate. We have markets where we are not dominant, and our focus is to be in a significant, if not dominant, market position in every market. So a lot of growth opportunities, a flag in Texas typically absorbs at a much higher pace than flags in other markets. So it's balanced. It's disciplined, and it's something we're focused on continuing.

Reaccelerating, that's a tough question to answer today. A lot depends on interest rates. I can tell you we're very happy with the spring market so far. We're going to know a lot more as it rolls along. If it continues through May and early June, it's going to be a great year.

It's always possible, Alan. We try to be conservative, disciplined in what we say and then do what we say we're going to do. So it depends on the market. As we get through the spring, we'll take a look at it. And then how this year ends up, we'll take a look at next year. I can tell you our operators all have the Horton DNA in them and they want to drive growth, so.

We are, I think, very happy with the progress to date building out a team, identifying sites. The whole key for us is sustainable and scalable. So it's going to tie very closely in with our homebuilding operations. The sites that we're building on right now are pieces of property that were a part of our larger communities where we're building houses. It seems very synergistic to what we're trying to accomplish. It allows us to reach affordability buyers -- or not buyers, but homeowners, future homeowners, that gives them a -- we start the relationship with them. So we're very excited about it. I think right now we have 4 projects under construction to pretty much completed and in lease-up and a pipeline of deals across the country of more than 20. So over time, it's going to be a pretty significant business for us.

We're very happy with the performance of all the brands. I mean we are growing Freedom. I think that's going to be a very important part of our future offerings. Emerald has stayed fairly steady at about 3% of our deliveries. The Horton brand maintains dominance. And Express, it's pretty much fully rolled out. So I think that 30%, 35% may go up a little bit. Percent of leverage will remain constant.

If the question is, have we given it any thought? Absolutely. We watch everything going on in the industry.

Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in July to share the third quarter results. 
And to the D.R. Horton team, incredibly proud of what you guys have accomplished out there over the last 6 months. I just want to thank you.