Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
D.R. Horton team faced the year with a strong fourth quarter, which included an 81% increase in net sales orders to 23,726 homes and a 60% increase in consolidated pretax income of $1.1 billion and a 27% increase in revenues to $6.4 billion. 
Our pretax profit margin for the quarter improved 340 basis points to 16.5%, and our earnings per diluted share increased 66% to $2.24.  
For the year, consolidated pretax income increased 40% to $3 billion on $20.3 billion of revenues. Our pretax profit margin for the year improved 260 basis points to 14.7%, and our earnings per diluted share increased 49% to $6.41. 
We closed a record 65,388 homes this year, an increase of over 8,400 homes or 15% from last year.  
Our homebuilding return on inventory was 24.6%, and our return on equity was 22.1%.  
These results reflect the strength of our homebuilding and financial service teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands.  
Our homebuilding cash flow from operations for 2020 was $1.9 billion. Over the past 5 years, we have generated over $5 billion of cash flow from homebuilding operations while growing our consolidated revenues by 88% and our earnings per share by 216%.  
During this time, we also more than doubled our book value and reduced our homebuilding leverage to 17.5% while significantly increasing our returns on inventory and equity. 
Housing market conditions are currently very strong, and our teams are focused on maximizing returns while increasing our market share. However, we remain cautious regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other external factors may have on the economy and our operations in the future. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and experienced teams position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. 
We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales base and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. 
With 38,000 homes in inventory, an ample supply of lots and continued strong sales trends in October, we are well positioned for another great year in 2021.  
Mike?

Our fourth quarter homebuilding investment in lots, land and development totaled $1.6 billion, of which $690 million was for finished lots, $500 million was for land and $380 million was for land development. $330 million of our land and lot purchases in the fourth quarter were from Forestar.  
After briefly slowing our investments in lots, land and development earlier this year and the beginning weeks of the pandemic, we have since increased our pace of investment to ensure we maintain an adequate lot supply to support our strong sales and home construction pace. As a result, for the year, we invested $5 billion in lots, land and development. 
Mike?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and affordable product offering across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions, and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company.  
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your reference during 2020 have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you safely continue helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. We closed the most homes in a year in our company's history and are incredibly well positioned to continue improving our operations in 2021. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

John, I wouldn't say there was anything unique. It's just the continuation of hard work and focus. And yes, our expectation is we will continue to grind higher.

Steve, it's David. Everything we do, we think about scalable, sustainable being a major factor in the thought process. So our lot position, our forward lot position, the deals we control and have being delivered to us, best I've ever seen. The market is the best I've ever seen. But a 1-quarter pop in starts doesn't help. So if you can't sustain it, it really adds a little value, so.

We feel very, very good about where we are and what the market is giving us.

Carl, we've seen better demand across the spectrum. Having a house that you're going to deliver in 30 days, I did think, put you in a very strong position to drive value for the shareholders. So as Mike said, our inventory is much younger, but the demand is out there. It's -- I don't know if I've -- how many times I've said it, but in 32 years, the best market I've ever seen. And it does feel sustainable unlike what was the fast demand in the last big up cycle.

And Carl, I'll just add, again, back to the scalable, sustainable program, a large percentage of the population in the U.S. never got to own a hold as sad as that is to say. And I do think having the capabilities to execute on the rental side does derisk our operating platform somewhat and will add a significant value to shareholders as we build that platform out.

We approach it from a subdivision-by-subdivision standpoint. And where we have the lots out in front, we build to a pace that maximizes our returns both on equity and inventory. 
And it's really driven by the individual divisions and the markets that they operate in. I can tell you we have projects where we've raised pricing in an attempt to slow down sales and didn't see much of a change in the sales pace. So it really is driven by the production capability of that division in that submarket as to whether they can deliver more homes or they need to slow it down. 
I mean there is some tweaking of that out in the field, obviously. I mean it's -- you're at the back end of a subdivision, you want to drive the highest margin you can. But if you're on the front end or in the middle of a big, big community, which we have numerous big, big communities, you've got to be very careful with your price appreciation on your sales pace because nothing stops us like letting 1 guy buy at 1 price and then having to incentivize or drop the price on somebody else down 3, 4 months down the road. 
So it's -- we call it art, not science in various -- project by project, division by division. And we trust our operators out there who make those decisions, and it's been working for us for a very, very long time.

Alan, everything we've done since the last down market has been to derisk our land and lot supply. And we are uniquely positioned with a very long runway on land and lots. And it's surprising as it seems, but every time I go out, I see at least 1 or 2 deals in a division that's better than anything else they have today. And that's the result of focusing on the relationships within these markets and treating these trade partners and land sellers, like partners. And they are an integral part of our business, they're an integral part of our derisk -- derisking our balance sheet, generating cash flow and positioning us to grow and gain market share at a pace that is driven by the market, not by our inability to deliver to it.

Mike, it feels like there is runway in this market. And I say that because when I'm out talking to the -- really the division managers within these markets, they talk about employment growth, they talk about population growth, they talk about the positioning that they have, and I just don't get a sense that this is a frenzy or overheated environment out there where people are speculating on housing. It's family formation, it's downsizing. It's a lot of different things that I believe anyway are long-term demographic shifts. 
And when I look at where we are and what we're doing and our product positioning and our price point positioning and our are incredibly deep, very talented, long-tenured employees, it just feels like it's -- we got -- this market still has legs.

Well, again, because of our scale and absorption pace per community, we get favorable terms in the market. The land price has gone up. Absolutely, they have. But when the seller is looking at his risk side equation, do you want investment-grade, high-absorbing company buying your lots or do you want somebody else buying? And that has worked to our advantage as we have continued year after year after year after year to build relationships with these people. 
So from a risk standpoint, having a set price, you buying a lot at some point in the future is significantly less risky than owning the land. So -- and it's also just a much more efficient use of capital. So that's something that we're going to continue to work on and I think get better at.

And I'll say that everything we've been working on, market share gains, liquidity, derisking the balance sheet, all those things help in any market, but it's a true advantage in a good market.

I'll just add driving efficiency for the last 10, 11 years is the reason we're able to deliver the houses we're selling. Look, we are -- we try to create simple processes that expand our labor base without expanding the number of people, and we are benefiting from that today.

Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton team. Not only were you the first homebuilder to close more than 50,000 homes in a year, you are now the first to close greater than 60,000 homes and are solidly on the way to being the first to close 80,000 homes in a year. 
Your truly are the best in the industry. D.R. Horton and this entire executive team continue to be humbled and honored to represent you on these calls. Stay safe, stay strong. Talk to you in January.