Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I'm pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The D.R. Horton team delivered an outstanding first quarter, which included a 98% increase in consolidated pretax income to over $1 billion, a 48% increase in revenues to $5.9 billion, and a 56% increase in net sales orders to 20,418. Our pretax profit margin for the quarter improved 440 basis points to 17.4%, while our earnings increased 84% to $2.14 per diluted share. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended December 31 was 28%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 24.4%. These results reflect the strength of our homebuilding and financial services teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton scale across our broad geographic footprint, and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. Housing market conditions remain very strong, and our teams are focused on maximizing returns and improving capital efficiency in each of our communities while increasing our market share.
However, we remain cautious regarding the impact of COVID-19 pandemic or other external factors may have on the economy and our operations in the future. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and experienced teams position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our home blending operations and managing our product offering, incentives, home prices, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. With 42,100 homes in inventory, an ample supply of lots and continued strong sales trends in January, we are well positioned for the spring selling season and the remainder of 2021. 
Mike?

For first quarter, homebuilding investments in lots, land and development totaled $1.95 billion, of which $1.13 billion was for finished lots, $490 million was for land development and $330 million was to acquire land. $290 million of our lot purchases in the first quarter were for Forestar. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced operational teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions, and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. 
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during this time have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you continue safely helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host the questions.

I don't see it being much different than it's been in 2020, at least not for us. We set up and try to drive our communities in the most efficient way, making it the easiest possible way we can for our trades to get in, get out, get their job done. We've actually, I think, through this cycle, have been focused on the labor side and have created a lot of efficiency and have expanded our trade base just by making it easier for them to get in, get out and know what they're doing. '21, our volume is ramping up. I think that's going to continue to be a challenge. But we feel very good. I mean we wouldn't be selling houses if we couldn't build them. So...

The underwriting in the West is much more difficult, time lines are longer. So through this cycle, our community count has continued to slip down there. I will tell you, we have one of the best groups of people in the company in the West region. When we talk about platform, we talk about people, product price. And we are certainly -- have a very strong platform at West. When the returns in Texas, Florida, Carolinas have been incredible, and everybody competes for capital in this company. So I will say that West is an area that I personally am going to emphasize this year. And I think you'll see the growth return there.

Well, I don't think it's going to help affordability, and I believe it's going to extend time. We're well positioned with only control over 400,000 lots. Again, we're going to focus on affordability. And as regulations increase, it's going to become more challenging. But given our position, our people, I think we're -- we can meet that challenge.

And I'll just add, our operational teams are doing a great job at controlling costs, where we see increases, we look for efficiencies to reduce costs. And I mean, to be honest, I think we were a little bit surprised as stick and brick per foot actually went down last quarter. That's just a phenomenal job by our people.

And the fact that we're still heavy option does allow us to be a little more aggressive in tying things up. So it's, again, positioning for the future.

We're also seeing a good start to the spring and January, which, again, it's about confidence. And we don't want to put a number out there that we don't feel really good about. So we feel really good about that number.

Our underwriting really hasn't changed much. As we've seen absorptions increase, it does -- when we're requiring a 2-year cash back at a 10 a month absorption, you can buy more lots than you can a 5  a month absorption. So we have seen the scale of the deals get a little bigger, but the position that -- from a pricing and location standpoint, I don't see that we've given up much in the deals we're doing today versus the deals we were doing 2 or 3, 4 years ago. Scale is bigger. The phase sizes are bigger. Lot prices have been pretty stable. 
And like I said this on the last call when I'm traveling and looking at deals. The deals that we put on the books this quarter were better than most of the deals that we had on the books. So it's very -- it gives me a lot of confidence, and our guys are doing a great job. So I don't see deterioration in our lot position from a marketability or really even a pricing standpoint.

If you look at our average sales price, we are significantly more affordable than most of our peers in the homebuilding space. And our land portfolio and our operating structures are designed and geared to drive that affordability. So are we -- when I look at the competitive makeup out there, both of the resale market, which is really, today, our primary competitor at this price points. And our peers in the industry, it's -- I mean we feel very good about our current position, which allows us to underwrite and execute the positions that we believe will keep us in this range.

The demand out there, I think, is really driven by demographics, and I think it has been accelerated because of the pandemic and people's desire to become -- or to find a safe environment for their family. I really don't see that demand issue changing. I mean, it's -- it accelerates. It's a long-term program, and it got accelerated. Now that's going to stay. So I mean we are positioning. We are driving to take advantage of as much of that demand as we can. And it's -- I mean, right now, today, it's very good out there.

And we talk to our operators all the time about being disciplined, focused and consistent, and your starts in the communities. And that's how we're building capacity to deliver more homes by that execution at the community level.

So if you just look at our average sales price increase over quarter over quarter-over-quarter compared to our competitors. And yes, I would say our competitive advantage has increased and improved. But again, it really comes down to the ability to deliver the homes. And I think that's where we've gained the largest competitive advantage with the discipline around what we're doing and the focus on efficiency over the last couple of years. So it's a -- it doesn't do any good to sell a house at any price if you can't deliver it. So we're focused on the delivery side of it and expanding our capacity via becoming more and more efficient through our processes.

Actually, 70% is the new 60%. We're going to continue to try to grind that number higher. Ultimately, it comes down to relationships and execution in the field. And that's something we focus on every day. So my expectation over time is that we will continue to grind a point here, a point there. And drive better and better efficiency -- capital efficiency to our business and to our company and ultimately, probably the industry.

Everything we're seeing has been the long-term trends that we've been experiencing really coming out of the downturn. COVID accelerated it. And it feels like right now that, that acceleration is kind of the new norm going forward.

Thank you, Christine. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again with our second quarter results in April. And to the D.R. Horton team, an outstanding first quarter. We're set up to have an unbelievable year. Stay humble, stay hungry and stay focused. Thank you.