Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray and Paul Romanowski, our Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officers; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. D.R. Horton team delivered an outstanding second quarter, highlighted by a [ 51% ] increase in earnings to $4.03 per diluted share. Our consolidated pretax income increased 60% to $1.9 billion on a 24% increase in revenues. And our consolidated pretax profit margin of 520 basis points to 23.5%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended March 31 was 40.3%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 34%.  
These results reflect our experienced teams the production capabilities and our ability to leverage D.R. Horton scale across our broad geographic footprint. Housing market demand remained strong despite the recent increase in mortgage rates and we are focused on maximizing returns while continuing to aggregate market share.  
There are still significant challenges in the supply chain, including shortages in certain building materials and a very tight labor market. Our construction cycle times were extended further this quarter, and we continue to work on stabilizing and then reducing our cycle times to historical norms. After starting construction on 24,800 homes this quarter, our homes and inventory increased 30% from a year ago with only 600 unsold completed homes across the nation.  
With 33,900 homes in backlog, 59,800 homes in inventory, a robust loss supply and strong trade and supplier relationships, we are well positioned for consolidated revenue growth of greater than 25% this year. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage position us to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations, while managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize returns. Mike?

In closing, our results and positions reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across our multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to continue aggregating market share and effectively operating in changing economic conditions.  
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations during the remainder of 2022 and in future years.  
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

From the overall auction lot percentage, we have been focused on it. We're going to continue to focus on it. There is -- obviously, it's going to be capped at 100%. But our goal is just to continue to get better and more efficient and as to Forestar, very happy with Forestar. I mean -- at some point, yes, it will deconsolidate. But there's still a lot of markets that we think we can help scale Forestar into and if you look at just the earnings we're making, our shareholders are making of Forestar. It's a very good investment and kind of not a bad place to be -- but yes, at some point, it will deconsolidate, but it's more geared toward their platform build-out than it is our desire to liquidate some percentage of our shares.

I'd say the overall land market has tracked the sales price of homes. So it is good to be in a position where we control 550,000 lots at prices contracted 2 years ago, 3 years ago, 4 years ago and not be in a position today where we have to go buy something. So we are looking at that. We're monitoring it. I believe liquidity is going to drive market share gains and the ability to not be at risk of credit markets and/or banks is a huge competitive advantage for us. And we're going to protect that. We're going to be conservative in our land searches. I mean, there are good deals out there that we put under contract this year that we will take to close.  
But we are not in a position where we have to go buy anything. And we're going to, I think, see a significant benefit of that as we proceed through this market.

The rate increase is -- it's eliminating some people from the home buying experience. But we still have more people -- qualified buyers trying to buy homes than we can produce today. One of the things that really, I think, has impressed me back in 2018 when you saw a rapid rise in rates, demand just was significantly reduced. And then after the rate shock to -- after the rate shock was kind of mitigated, we saw demand come back and come back strong. But through this cycle, which is in even more rapid rate increases, yes, we've had people that don't qualify anymore, but the demand side is still very strong. So just the desire to own homes, and it may be the fact that prices have escalated very fast and rents are escalating even faster than the price of new homes and all the talk about inflation and then locking in your housing costs for 20 years. 
I mean it is home ownership is a cherished thing today. And the people coming out of the millennials coming out or even individuals relocating from other markets to kind of where the growth is taking place. I just -- they want to own a home, they want to lock in their housing cost, and they want to get in the neighborhoods that they can raise families in.

I just -- I've been doing this for a long time. And the desire to own a home is, I think, kind of an American or part of the American culture. It gives you a sense of safety and a nest to build your family. So I think the downturn in '08, '09, '10 where home values were just decimated, that put a big pause on the desire to own homes. 
I think as this cycle continues, and I think it's going to continue to elongate the housing formation, the desire to get close to neighborhood schools, all those things, it kind of returned home ownership to kind of the American dream again. So it's -- getting in a home today is harder. But it's not nearly as hard as it was when I bought my first home. So it's -- it feels like it's almost a cultural shift from -- or a return to family community and I think the demand is significantly higher than the homes that can be produced. So.

I don't know that it's going to force a larger M&A program. I do think that their inability to secure financing to move forward on different projects or even to start houses is going to open up market opportunity for us, both in our ability to aggregate market share on the home sale side and the ability to control longer and longer land positions at very favorable numbers. So it's a -- when you look at the impact of a 2-plus month expansion of our cycle time and what that's done to our liquidity and then I understand that we are still building houses much faster than anybody else, and we started at -- and are going to continue to protect a very strong liquidity position. 
It's -- I got to believe there's tremendous pressure on the -- especially the private builders. And at some point, these guys have made a lot of money over their careers. And they're guaranteeing loans. And at some point, you're just not going to put everything at risk. So I do think that's going to open up market share gains for us. And we are very well positioned to take those -- that market when it does open.

We cut out a little bit, Dan.

I think the ability to produce great value at the lower end is a tremendous advantage that we have. The bar pool significantly deeper, their qualification may be a little tougher. But as kind of referenced before, people really want to buy home and especially their first home. So I see that segment of our business just continue to get stronger. And whereas somebody may have pushed up and priced at a very low rate. We have a lot of first-time homebuyers buying in the Horton brand ultimately, it comes down a payment. And if their desires on the home in a very, very nice community location, our competitive advantage just gets better and better.

Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. And to the D.R. Horton family, Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you and congratulate you on delivering an outstanding second quarter. We are incredibly well positioned today. You once again have proven you are the best of the best in this industry. Thank you.