Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team delivered a strong second quarter, highlighted by a 95% increase in earnings to $2.53 per diluted share. Our consolidated pretax income increased 90% on a 43% increase in revenues to $6.4 billion, and our pretax profit margin improved 450 basis points to 18.3%. Our net sales orders for the quarter increased 35% to 27,059 homes, and our homes and inventory increased 38% to 46,100. 
Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended March 31 was 31.2% and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 27.1%. These results reflect our experienced teams and expanding production capabilities, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. 
Housing markets conditions remain very robust, and we are focused on maximizing returns and capital efficiency in each of our communities, while increasing D.R. Horton's market share. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on their inventory investments. Mike?

Our second quarter homebuilding investments in lots, land and development totaled $1.7 billion, of which $980 million was for finished lots, $440 million was for land development and $290 million was to acquire land. $170 million of our lot purchases in the second quarter were from Forestar. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and expanding production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today's robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. 
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. 
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts continue to be remarkable. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

John, I'd say we're always going to try to get better and continuing to push the auction as a percentage of total. We consider that a better utilization cap. So if we're at 75% now, over time, we would expect to turn that into 80%. And we'll get to 80% over time. If at different market conditions, it could grow beyond that. So it's just -- it's -- everything we do, we talk about sustainable, scalable, and that follows right on track. We believe that optioning lots is -- will drive better cash flow, better returns to our shareholders. And as our builders and our platforms out there execute that strategy, relationships grow stronger. And it's just a -- there's a momentum that I think will continue.

John, we've seen, on a very limited basis, some erratic behavior on the land front, where a builder has positioned themselves where they just don't have adequate or even non-adequate supply of lots. They're buying out of desperation. But it hasn't been consistent across all the markets. And even within markets where I have seen it, it's not impactful to the overall land valuation. Our entire process, through this cycle, has been to option lots, take longer positions where we control pricing through this market. And I think we said it on every call, we are incredibly well-positioned on our lot supply. 
And if somebody is being erratic, then we will -- they're going to be in a very difficult position to compete if they're accelerating -- if they're overbidding land price because we're pretty efficient in delivering houses, and our land pipeline is long and deep and very well priced.

I think we're looking at, what, low single-digit community growth goal. I mean when you look at our lot count, a lot of that is option positions that are going to deliver over the next year or 2 years, and then last for 2 to 3 years beyond that. So at the pace these communities are running, we're looking for 600, 700 lot projects, which doesn't impact community count, but it does significantly increase lot count when it's replacing some that's half that size. So it's about scale, it's about driving consistent discipline starts. And demand right now is -- it is really good. And so when Bill mentioned that our starts pace is driving our sales pace, I mean, that is a reality. If we could start more houses, we'd be selling more houses. So every month with us, it's about driving production capability and expanding our start program. And if you look at week-to-week to week-to-week, it's how we manage it. Our operation -- our operators out there are doing a great job so.

Carl, it's a consistent discipline start program that we've been on and managing very effectively, communicating that to our trade base. And so if they have visibility what their work process load is going to be over the next 60, 90 days. And does scale manner? Absolutely, scale matters. And I feel like every month, every -- really, every day, every week, every month, our competitive position, because of our scale, because of our discipline, has just grown. And it's -- we talk about sustainable. It is a great market out there, and I feel like what we're doing is we have the ability to sustain.

Stephen, I think there's always room to improve, and we're pushing that mentality out every day. Nothing is good enough. We got to get better. And our operators and our culture and our company, they're all competing with each other. And so when you look at the numbers of our divisions, and you think the guy that's in the 10th or 11th slot, wants to be the number one slot. And so -- but to do that, he's got to get bigger and he's got to get better. 
And that drives a very good result for our shareholders. And we talked about absorption as a global deal. It's really subdivision-by-subdivision, market-by-market. And our improvement in the platform and in the -- what had been our smaller markets, scaling up to become big markets, has been nothing short of phenomenal. I mean, we've got great operators out there that, I think, have a lot of room to scale up, and they're positioned to do it and we've got a market that has really derisked that effort. 
So I mean, I think our numbers are going to get better, Stephen. I think we've got a lot of upside on what we're doing. And I didn't see the chart of how many markets we're #1 in. But last quarter, I think it was 13. I mean 13 out of 91. I mean our expectation is we're going to be #1 in every market. So we've got a tremendous amount of opportunity to scale up.

I'd disagree with Jessica. Our goal isn't to sell one house, it's to sell communities. And so we probably are not as aggressive as some of the other builders have been in raising prices. I mean our margins are great, our returns are phenomenal, but we're in this for the long haul.
And it's -- we're not doing anything short-term that we don't think is a sustainable over time. So that's just who we are. We like being affordable. We like being the price point leader. We like competitive advantage. We think that drives more consistent sustainable results over time, which is, is how we think about things.

And Alan, I'd say the builders that are positioned higher in the price scale, probably experienced more of that than we do. I mean ours -- we're selling to people forming housing -- housing formations. And I do think that a lot of that is just local market buyers, which maybe insulates us somewhat from the people moving back and forth.

Is the lower pricing here to stay? I think a lot of it was driven by mills shutting down during COVID. I do think as they reopen these mills and increase the capacity to deliver wood, you're going to see some improvement, some -- a little less pressure on it.
I think opening up international trade may relieve some pressure on it. But right now, to date, the demand is so strong. A lot of people, over the last so many years, deferred buying a house. Now the house have been formed and the kids are coming and COVID showed that living in an apartment, downtown metropolitan area, may not be the lifestyle you want. So a lot of factors driving demand.  I don't know if I answered your question, but it's complicated.

That's usually the number at Dallas so.

In some markets, we are. It just adds a risk level to the underwriting.
That's one of the things we look at on every project we put under contract. It's how that stacks against that it [indiscernible]. And if it's over FHA, it adds to the risks. But are we comfortable doing it? Yes. It depends -- it's all project-driven, market-driven.

Thank you, Melissa. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. 
And to the D.R. Horton family, Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for your continued focus and hard work. And I'm going to remind you again, stay humble, stay hungry and stay -- and let's close out this year in an unbelievable fashion. Thank you.