Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today, we also have Paul Romanowski with us, who was recently promoted to Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Paul has been with D.R. Horton since 1999, serving as our regional Florida -- as our Florida South Division President for 15 years, and most recently, as our Florida region President for 7 years. 
I'd like to take a brief moment to have Paul introduce himself before we get started. Paul?

Thank you, Paul. Given that Paul is new to his role, he will not be an active participant today, but we are glad to have him with us and believe his extensive homebuilding experience will strengthen our executive team. 
D.R. Horton team finished the year with a strong fourth quarter, which included a 63% increase in consolidated pretax income to $1.7 billion and a 27% increase in revenue to $8.1 billion. Our pretax profit margin for the quarter improved 480 basis points to 21.3% and our earnings per diluted share increased 65% to $3.70.  
For the year, consolidated pretax income increased 80% to $5.4 billion on a $27.8 billion of revenue. Our pretax profit margin for the year improved 460 basis points to 19.3%, and our earnings per diluted share increased 78% to $11.41. We closed a record 81,965 homes this year, an increase of over 16,500 homes or 25% from last year, while also achieving a historical low homebuilding SG&A percentage of 7.3%. 
Our homebuilding return on inventory was 37.9% and our return on equity was 31.6%. These results reflect our experienced teams and their production capabilities. Our ability to leverage D.R. Horton scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. Our homebuilding cash flow from operations for 2021 was $1.2 billion. Over the past 5 years, we have generated $5.9 billion of cash flow from homebuilding operations, while growing our consolidated revenues by 128% and our earnings per share by 383%.  
During this time, we also more than doubled our book value per share, reduced our homebuilding leverage under 20%, and increased our homebuilding liquidity by $2.8 billion, all while significantly increasing our returns on inventory and equity. 
Housing market conditions remain very robust, and we are focused on maximizing returns and increasing our market share further. However, there are still significant challenges in the supply chain, including shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market. As a result, we continued restricting our home sales pace during the fourth quarter by selling homes later in the construction cycle to align with our production levels and better ensure certainty of home closing date for our homebuyers. 
We expect to work through the supply chain challenges and ultimately increase our production capacity. After starting construction on 22,400 homes this quarter, our homes in inventory increased 26% from a year ago to 47,800 homes at September 30, 2021. In October, we started more than 8,000 homes, further positioning us to achieve double-digit growth again in 2022. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize our returns. Mike?

We have increased our housing inventory in response to the strength of demand and are focused on expanding our production capabilities further. We started 22,400 homes during the fourth quarter and 91,500 homes during fiscal 2021, which is an increase of 21% compared to fiscal 2020. We ended the year with 47,800 homes in inventory, up 26% from a year ago. 21,700 of our total homes at September 30 were unsold, of which 900 were completed. Although we have not seen significant improvement in the supply chain yet, and we expect the current constraints to ultimately moderate at some point in 2022. Mike?

In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today's robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis.  
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during 2021 were remarkable. We closed the most homes in a year in our company's history, achieving 10% market share with record profits and returns, and we are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations in 2022. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Well, I would say it's more of a requirement, not a goal, Carl. That's something that we put in place coming out of the downturn that we have not wavered off of. And that is probably the toughest underwriting hurdle that our divisions had to face. But it's a nonnegotiable program because we saw what's going wrong on owning long positions in land does to your balance sheet and your risk level and what -- or unforeseen events that may happen in the future. 
So the 24-month cash back is still a part of every deal we underwrite. And has been a primary factor, I think, in driving our optional acquisition because it's -- we have to find partners. We have to control the lots we want to control. So we've got to be good partners with these guys. And that's been a focus through this entire cycle. And I think a major factor in that is the -- just the unrelenting underwriting requirement that you got to get your cash off the table in 24 months.

Stephen, we're constantly trying to drive a more affordable total occupancy cost for our buyers. And that effort is never going to stop.

No, I don't -- we're not seeing that.

And in the entire industry that's consolidated. It's a maturing industry. So my anticipation is you're going to see more stability than typically as one associated around prior cycles. I think that there's a consistency of discipline in the industry today that never existed.

I think the run rate that we're targeting is pretty well established for the first 4 to 6 months of this year. So that's a consistent run rate we're targeting. I think that we're basing our guidance and everything and what we're projecting for the year on the way the supply chain exists today. And we have to carry more houses and inventory that supports that double-digit growth than we typically have had to do in the past. So we're positioning for it. We'll see what the spring brings, and we'll see what the material and labor supply issues either resolve, mitigate or get worse.

What we control is our liquidity and our process and our targets. And we're very focused on the liquidity because it's a risk mitigator and it allows us to be more flexible in what we target and how we operate.

Well, again, we're very focused on liquidity and maintaining the flexibility. That is a -- that's a great key competitive advantage, I think, for whatever happens in the market.

From a supply chain standpoint, I think you've got some of the best companies that have ever existed in the history of the world focused on that. And I think they're going to get it figured out. And the people that we do business with are the best of the best in that industry. 
So I'm very confident. Was it Q1, Q2, Q3? I don't know that, but I am very confident that the people that are working on it are going to get it resolved. And when that happens, I think our -- we will return to an inventory conversion rate consistent with what we've done in the past, maybe even a little better.

And I'd also say that even though our ASP has gone up and it's not a sustainable rise quarter-to-quarter. But it is something that I think indicates the level of demand out there when you restrict on the houses you sell. It's a good time to be selling houses today.

Yes.

We've got commitments from all of our major material guys that they're going to support us. They know our numbers. They know what we're trying to accomplish. They see our start base for the last 6 months and the next 6 months. So -- and they are really good companies. I mean it's -- I'm not going to throw out a bunch of names because I forget about half of them. A CEO of one of them came in with Don Horton, myself and the entire executive team. It's a level of partnership and commitment to each other, I think, that just hadn't existed in the past. And I think as a result of the consolidation of the industry and the significant 10% market share in new home housing is a real number.

Having scale, significant scale, in these markets is a huge benefit for us and I think really gives us more access and better service than some of the smaller, less -- people with less scale.

And on the co-COO program, in looking at our platform, we basically have doubled in the last 5 years. And trying to -- during COVID, trying to get places being not only from an executive officer standpoint, but from a regional president standpoint. We were asking guys to get on planes and really became less and less comfortable with that. So I think on the last call, I made a statement about infrastructure and then immediately had to quit talking about it. Because the infrastructure I was talking about was our platform, which was dual COO roles and then doubling our reach count. 
And it -- so that we're continuing to scale up our platform to make -- to coincide with the scale up in market share that we're gaining. And we've got great people that have performed at exceptional levels. But as you move up that next step, the role changes and the skill set changes. So you've got to get young guys in a position, in my mind anyway, and what we've talked about up here. You've got to get the younger guy into a position, a regional role, where he's working through divisions instead of on top of divisions, and it's a training process. 
And so while we've got a great market, while we're scaling up in absorptions, we need to scale up in people. And Paul gives us the ability to touch the regional guys more consistently and to be in the market more consistently, as he travels, Mike travels, I travel. And by increasing the number of regions we were then able to elevate people within divisions to leadership roles. And it's just kind of a consistency stair step where we get more people access to that role and give them a chance to learn that job before something happens and you were forced to make a change. 
So it's a part of continuing to scale for our next 5 years in a row. And it's -- we've got great people, and we've got an incredibly strong management team. And that's something that, to be honest with you, I think about all the time, is the quality of our people at the division level and region level compared to when I started to the company or compared to when we went public or even compared to the last cycle, what I call super-cycle. So it's -- the company is in an incredibly good position with incredibly good people. And Paul is going to help us make it even better.

What we can control, Eric, is the inventory and how we position it to be in front of the spring market and that we feel very good about. So we can -- that is where we can have targets, we can have a plan. We can execute that plan, and then we'll respond to the market as it comes.

I would say the renters are not terribly different than first-time homebuyers. People moving into areas, they're looking for housing. They're looking for a better lifestyle, things that probably have surprised us, level of demand and the lag up not only from a rental standpoint, but from what I consider institutional-type investor base that has bought the 3 that we've sold. It may not be a white-hot for-sale business this year compared to last year. But it is a white-hot build-to-rent business, especially the way we're positioning these projects as kind of on the affordable end, self-contained, not intermix for sale housing.

I will say that everything we work on, everything we think about, we want to do things that are sustainable and scalable. And I can tell you the rental side of this market certainly seems sustainable and with our platform is scalable. So we're pretty excited about it.

Thank you, Tom. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January on our first quarter results. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton team. You are the first homebuilder to close more than 50,000 homes. You are now the first to close greater than 80,000 homes in a year. And you are well on your way to becoming the first homebuilder to close more than 100,000 homes in a year. Stay humble, stay hungry and stay focused. You'll compete and continue to win every day. Thank you.