Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team started the year off strong. Our consolidated pretax income for the quarter increased 39% to $523 million on a 14% increase in revenue to $4 billion. Our pretax profit margin improved 230 basis points to 13%, and our net sales orders increased 19%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended December 31, was 18.7%. And our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 18.2%. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton scale across our broad geographic footprint, and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. We continue to see good demand and a limited supply of homes at affordable prices across our markets while economic fundamentals and financing availability remain strong -- solid, excuse me.
Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong annual cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. With a conservative balance sheet that includes an ample supply of homes, lots and lands for growth, we are well positioned for the remainder of 2020 and future years. Mike?

At December 31, our homebuilding lot position consisted of approximately 320,000 lots, of which 39% were owned and 61% were controlled through purchase contracts. 33% of our total owned lots are finished and at least 56% of our controlled lots are or will be finished when we purchase them. We continue working to increase our lot position being developed by third parties by supporting the growth of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform and expanding our relationship with lot developers across the country. Our current lot portfolio includes an ample supply of lots for homes at affordable price points and continues to provide a strong competitive advantage. Mike?

DHI Communities is our multifamily rental company focused on suburban garden-style apartments, with operations primarily in Texas, Arizona and Florida. During the quarter, DHI Communities sold its third apartment project located in Phoenix for $61.5 million and recognized a gain on sale of $31.2 million. DHI Communities has 4 projects under active construction and 1 project that was substantially complete at the end of the quarter. DHI Communities' total assets were $210 million at December 31. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our well-established operating platform across the country. We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns while maintaining a flexible financial position.
Our return on equity of 18.2% and our homebuilding return on inventory of 18.7% demonstrate our consistent focus and efforts. We are well positioned to continue this performance with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country.
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Well, the cash out in 2 years is something we stayed with through this -- from the downturn on. And I can tell you that, that model has worked very well for us. And I don't see that changing. And as to the overall market for buying land, again, it comes back to the people we have embedded in these markets and the relationships they have with the lands owners. And we feel very good about our opportunity to replace what we're building through. And through this market have seen that happen over and over and over again. So...

I think there's always going to be that pressure on the cost side. Definitely, labor is getting tighter and continues to -- I think kind of restrict a lot of people's ability to deliver houses. Again, it goes back to the kind of the operating profile we adopted and continue, and that is consistent starts throughout the community, expanding the labor base via [indiscernible] efficiency, not necessarily just bodies, and we feel very good about what we've accomplished. We have a very loyal trade base. I think I said on the last call, our traders don't have to go chase their paychecks. So all of that combines to put us in a great position. So is it going to be a problem? I think less so for us than other people.

Thank you.

We're not going to set a hard target. Internally, we talk about goals, but that's an internal conversation. And it's kind of a balanced program. I think the Forestar platform is, again, built out. We're very happy with the progress we're making there. But we are also equally focused on our third-party developers. And they're a part of the D.R. Horton family. And that pipeline continues to get better and bigger. And so it's a collection of the 2. Primarily, it's just focus. We're treating capital as if it's a precious commodity. And we're going to try to treat it better than anybody else in the industry.

It gets back to -- to me, it gets back to relationships with the trade base. And for the last -- I don't know. Ever since the downturn, we've had a steady and consistent level of production going in our communities. And so our trade base has gotten better at building the houses. And when they're not out there chasing work, they can build more houses with -- what I look at is the same labor. Same -- we build more square footage with the same labor hours. So it's a process. It's something we've worked on all the way through this cycle. I think early on, we felt like labor is going to be the constraint on housing. And we have done, I think, a great job of managing the trade base and making sure that those guys were making money, and we were still delivering houses at a reasonable cost.

And the 49ers.

No, I don't think so. We're responding to the market out there. And I mean, certainly, the solar mandate is going to increase cost, but pulling a permit and building a house when there's not a market for it is going to create a whole lot less return than pay any additional costs. So it's just kind of business as usual for us out there.

We continue to work on that product offering presentation and better lifestyle. It's something we're happy with. I think it will be a larger and larger portion of our -- of deliveries in the future. It's a growing demographic. And we think we can provide a product in lifestyle that people are going to move into.

It's still the entry-level buyer driving the market. The Freedom brand for us is part of our long-term, meet the needs of as many buyers out there as we can. And I think as the market moves, it will become a more and more important part of what we're doing.

Yes. I'd say the market is good. People are, as Bill said, performing rationally. It -- good time to be a homebuilder.

Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in April.
And to the D.R. Horton team, outstanding first quarter. Thank you for your focus and hard work, and we've got a great year set up, let's go deliver it.