Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The D.R. Horton team delivered a strong third quarter of 2019. 
Our consolidated revenues increased 11% to $4.9 billion. Pretax income was $627 million, and our pretax profit margin was 12.8%. The spring selling season was solid, and our homebuilding gross margins improved sequentially. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer affordable homes across multiple brands. 
As we have discussed on our last few calls, affordability concerns caused some moderation of demand for homes in late fiscal 2018 and early fiscal 2019. And in response, we increased sales incentives to improve our sales pace. Interest rates on mortgage loans have since decreased, and we reduced the level of incentives offered as the spring progressed. 
We continue to see good demand and a limit to supply homes at affordable prices across our markets. At the same time, economic fundamentals and financing availability remains solid. We are pleased with our product positioning and our sales volumes of the June quarter and in July, which were in line with our expectations and normal seasonality. 
Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong annual cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. 
With a conservative balance sheet that includes an ample supply of homes, lots and land to support growth, we are well positioned for the remainder of 2019 and future years. Mike?

At June 30, our homebuilding lot position consisted of 300,000 lots, of which 39% were owned and 61% were controlled. 29% of our total owned lots are finished, and 55% of our controlled lots are or will be finished when we purchase them. 
We continue working to increase our lot position being developed by third parties by supporting the expansion of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform and expanding our relationships with lot developers across the country. Our current lot portfolio includes an ample supply of lots for homes at affordable price points and continues to provide a strong competitive advantage. Jessica?

DHI Communities is our multifamily rental company focused on suburban, garden-style apartments with current operations primarily in Texas, Arizona and Florida. During the quarter, DHI Communities sold its second apartment project located in Houston for $60 million and recognized a gain on sale of $22,600,000. 
DHI Communities has 5 projects under active construction, 1 project that was substantially complete at the end of the quarter, which we currently expect to be sold in early fiscal 2020. DHI Communities' total assets were $167 million at June 30. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our long-tendered, well-established operating platform across the country. We're striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to expand our industry-leading market share. 
We have been the largest builder by volume in the United States for 17 consecutive years. According to Builder Magazine's recent Local Leaders issue, in 2018, we were the #1 builder in all of the top 5 U.S. housing markets, and D.R. Horton was a top 5 builder in 31 of the top 50 housing markets. 
We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns while maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and, most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country.
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions. Thank you.

Yes. What we're seeing in the Southwest is that we are short in communities relative to where we were. And frankly, that's a function of our success we've had in those markets. We've sold communities at faster paces than anticipated and the replacement communities are not yet online, and we will be looking to replace those communities, replace those flags. 
South Central, frankly, is going up against a very tough sales comp last year. I think they were up over 20% in this quarter. And while their community count's going to be about flat, absorptions did not grow as much. But we're, frankly, pretty satisfied with the absorptions we have there this year based on what we saw in the late fall and early winter, and then seeing the margin expansion that we've been able to achieve with a little stronger selling season.

Carl, this is David. We've been in this affordability push for the last 5 years. We have incredibly well-positioned communities, very deep, and lot supply. And it's not something that is going to continue to outgrow the overall percentage of what we grow. It has driven growth for the last 3 or 4 years. It's fully rolled out. And from a competitive standpoint, yes, there are people pushing down in price. They're having to give away more margin than we are, but those are not as well positioned or as deeply positioned as we are. So we feel very good about what we've done and where we've been, and I feel very good about the pace and margin balance that we're now executing. So...

That's not my belief. I can tell you I think that there is tremendous opportunities, tremendous demand in the affordable market, households. We have foreman jobs being created, and there's just a limited amount of supply even today. So I think the demand is there if you can position and drive a price that they can buy.

Obviously, the only perspective we can give on that is based on today's market conditions.

So that's assuming the conditions remain relatively consistent with today.

I would say that the houses we sold and closed in the quarter, we probably achieved a better margin on those than we would have if we would have sold them in the first quarter or the second quarter.

And I think that is part of the margin lift we saw and expect today.

I would say the affordability -- we gained affordability in the quarter because interest rates dropped. Labor prices were reduced a little bit. So it's both those things helped, I think, margin. But I can tell you, we get up every day thinking about positioning and how we're trying to put the right house, right lot, right community, and then have it priced to turn. And so -- and I know it's sacrilege to say this, but we really don't look at the other builders much. At least I don't. So it's -- we're just trying to get better in our community presentations, our community offerings and stay competitive every day. So I would say it's more Horton than the market, but I'm probably a slightly biased there.

I'd say when we started this, we thought it was going to work hand-in-hand with our homebuilding operation. Where we started it was in communities, where we had apartment-zoned land we owned that typically we would have sold, and felt like we could drive higher value for our shareholders by building it out and selling it. Our long-term strategy is to sustain and then scale that program. And whether we buy it, whether we hold them, sell them, is going to depend on market than cap rates and pipeline of bills we've got coming. Right now, as we're learning the business, we're selling them. And they -- actually, even Bill Wheat was a little skeptical going into it, but they're driving pretty good returns. And as we look at our pipeline of stuff that's under construction right now, it looks like a business that's going to be able to -- where we're going to be able to scale.

And ultimately, it comes back to people. And I can tell you what our community guys have done in establishing platform, and getting the right people in the right slots has been very impressive. So we like what we see so far.

And just -- I may have missed out, but just to clarify what I thought I said, the houses we sold and closed in Q3 were at a higher margin than if we would have sold and closed the houses we sold and closed in Q1 in specs. Because incentives have abated, and we are seeing less of a need to incentivize a finished house to get it under contract and closed.

We've got -- at least I talk about one of my tailwind divisions, margin is the grade. If you do a great job of positioning a product for the price point and demand that exist, then you're going to run a very high margin in excess of 20%. If you do a very poor job of positioning price point and product, then you're probably going to run a lower margin because you're -- we are going to hit a certain pace. We are going to maintain production in the community and then adjust off that process. So we do put a plan out there. We do have expectations. And when we get everything right, the margins run very, very high. When the market's working with us, the margins improve. So -- but we are going to run at a pace.

Well, we've been consolidating. And I can tell you our plan is to continue to consolidate. If you look at the industry when we went public, it was -- public builders were about 3% of the overall market. And every year since then, they've -- the publics have gained more market share, and we have gained more market share against the other publics. And I, for one, don't see that changing.

The Freedom brand is still early in the rollout. We have gotten much better at positioning that product, but we are not anywhere near where we want to be at this point. I will say the -- every community we've rolled out seems to be a little better positioned, a little better reception from the customer. And it's a brand that's going to be a part of this company for a long time. And I think we'll, at some point, approach 10%-plus of our deliveries. The luxury brand, we -- again, we continue to get better at it, nowhere near where we want to be. It gives us areas to focus. Right now, the affordable product lines have driven returns and growth. And we pay our guys based upon returns and profits, so their focus has been on delivering what the buyer wants. So -- but I -- there will be a point in time where that will drive a better return than entry level, at least it has been in past cycles. So I'm very happy with everything we're doing. We just got to get better.

Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today, and look forward to speaking with you again in November. And to the D.R. Horton team, outstanding quarter. Thank you. We are forever grateful up here for what you guys do out there. And I guess we'll talk to you sooner than November.