Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. 
In addition to Jessica, I'm pleased to be joined by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team delivered a solid first quarter of 2019. 
Our consolidated revenues increased 6% to $3.5 billion. Pretax income was $376 million and our pretax profit margin was 10.7%. 
For the trailing 12 months, our homebuilding return on inventory improved 230 basis points from a year ago to 19.3%. 
These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer affordable homes across multiple brands. 
As we discussed on our call in early November, sales picked price -- sales prices for both new and existing homes have increased across most of our markets over the past several years, which, coupled with rising interest rates, has impacted affordability and resulted in some moderation of demand for homes over the last few months, particularly at higher price points. 
However, we continue to see good demand and as a limited supply of homes at affordable prices across all of our markets, and economic fundamentals and financing availability remain solid. 
Our net sales orders during the first quarter increased 3% versus last year. As we indicated on our call -- last call, our sales in October were down from the prior year. 
However, our sales comparisons improved in November and December was a good sales month. 
We are pleased with our positioning of affordable product offerings for the upcoming spring selling season, and we will adjust to future changes and market conditions as necessary. 
Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. With a conservative balance sheet that includes an ample supply of homes, lots and land to support growth, we are well positioned for the remainder of 2019 and future years. Mike?

We increased the option portion of our land and lot pipeline again this quarter. 
At December 31, our homebuilding lot position consisted of 309,400 lots, of which 128,500 or 42% were owned and 180,900 or 58% were controlled through option contracts. 
37,000 of our total owned lots are finished and 89,000 of our option lots are or will be finished when we purchase them. 
We have increased our option lot position by 47,000 lots from a year ago, and we plan to increase our option lots further by expanding our relationship with lot developers across the country and continuing to support the expansion of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform. 
Our balanced and well-positioned lot portfolio is a strong competitive advantage. Mike?

Our balanced capital approach focuses on being flexible, opportunistic and disciplined. 
Our balance sheet's strength, liquidity, earnings and cash flow generation are increasing our flexibility, and we plan to utilize our strong position to enhance the long-term value of the company. 
Our continued top cash flow priorities are to consolidate market share while investing in our homebuilding business and strategic acquisitions, reduce homebuilding leverage and return capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
We have been actively pursuing select acquisitions across the country to expand and enhance our operational platform. 
During the first quarter, we purchased the homebuilding operations of 3 private builders for approximately $321 million. 
In November, we acquired Westport Homes, a top 5 builder by volume in Indianapolis and Columbus, which are both top 50 U.S. housing markets. 
And in December, we entered Iowa by acquiring Classic Builders, the largest builder in Des Moines and we enhanced our market position in Raleigh, North Carolina, by acquiring Terramor Homes. 
We welcome the Westport, Classic and Terramor teams to the D.R. Horton family. Jessica?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our long-tenured and well-established operating platforms across the country. 
We are striving to be the leading builder in America in each of our markets and to expand our industry-leading market share. 
We are focused on consolidating market share, while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. 
We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. 
We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus in our work. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations throughout 2019. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

John, we have, it's -- we're feeling better and better, as we progress into the spring selling season. In our week-to-week, we're seeing little better sales, little better traffic and over the last couple of weeks, we've been happy, so...

John, just to build on that a little bit. We are very confident, the job growth numbers, the overall economy, it comes down to positioning and having the right house in front of the people that are out there trying to buy. So we're very working very hard on that and we do not believe that this is a great demise of housing that -- we believe that it's going to be a good year.

You know, Steve, I feel like there was more pressure on the incentive side, try to get the pace reestablished in November than it was in December and even less so in the January. It really, to me, it comes down to taking advantage of the traffic that's coming in the door. And as more traffic comes in, you've got to be a little less aggressive to hit the targets, because we really -- we've been saying it a long time, but we really do look at it subdivision by subdivision, market by market, against a plan that incorporates self-starts and closings to maximize some kind of return.

I can tell you we haven't seen, I don't know if we've seen a month over month, a month year-over-year down number in a long time. October was a tough...

I can tell you, Steve, the market is performing, I would say, pretty much as we expected, maybe a little better given the first quarter. So it is -- you've got to get on budget, you've got to keep the community on plan. When you get on budget, you have it. It's easier to maintain it than it is to create it. Creating momentum is always more difficult than maintaining it. So it's my expectation that it's going to be a little easier to get people on contract through the spring if it continues. Now that's the big debate, is -- a lot of things happenning in the market as far as politically, as far as internationally. It's a -- we take the rates rising in conjunction with cost rising, created affordability issues and coming out of our fiscal 2018 and there's kind of the combination that, too, people paused or became choppy or whatever term you want to call it, they weren't buying houses. So we've seen the market come back. Really, you can -- if you talk to Don Horton, he'd tell you it's better than he thought it was going to be. I can tell you I -- it gets -- it's pretty much what I expected, so -- but I've always been more optimistic than Don Horton so. I don't know if that helps or not.

I will say, Stephen, is, the government is a huge part of the economy now and the shutdown is going to have ripple effects throughout all the industries. And, yes, you just look at consumer confidence and when you have the lack of ability to work together at that level and you see confidence coming down, which is a big part of our -- that's a big part of our business. People got to be confident to buy home. So, again, it just adds to the kind of the uncertainty about putting a -- committing to a number out there in the future today. But if it gets settled, I think, it would be a very positive impact -- or when it gets, settled.

Yes, Carl, as far as markets go, we're still very, very happy. We have the concentration assets in Texas, Florida and the Carolinas. Those had been solid markets, they continue to be solid markets and we don't see any change in the future really. Upside, surprised, markets have seemed to be performing better from our standpoint. I thought the Utah market has been somewhat of a pleasant surprise, we've spent a lot of time positioning there, we've got a long term, with the company, very focused operator growing that market and he has positioned us incredibly well. So very happy with that, probably going to be record years for us in Utah in this year. And what was the -- soft market -- California continues to be soft, Chicago continues to be soft. I do think we are very well positioned in both California and in Chicago for the markets we got and our operators there, I think, are doing a better job than at any time I've ever seen in this company. So again, it's people, product and price and you get them aligned and -- you can have good markets, you can have bad markets. Our goal is to outperform any market, so that's what we focus on, that's what we get up every day trying to do, so...

I will say we are at that level every quarter of every year irrespective of whatever the market is. Our goal is to enhance the value of our shares for our shareholders. We do that by making money and being very conscious of the fact that capital is a precious commodity, so...

The guys that probably are most vulnerable to that are the people that put contracted land to our competitors and our competitors are not in the position to take -- to close it. We are -- I'm not going to say we're punitive to somebody coming back with a deal they didn't sell us the first time, but we are punitive to sellers coming back with -- really didn't sell us first time. I can tell you it's a choppy -- this is not a market where you're going to see huge revaluations. It's choppy. I think the way we positioned our focus on operations over the last, well, since the downturn, started coming out of the downturn, has put us at a position to operate pretty well, outperform the industry in pretty much any market and I'm not going to tell you we're excited about a market that could be correcting, but we're certainly not scared of it. So we're going to continue to build, sell, close houses and drive returns across the country.

Eric, we're positioned to accomplish that.

For the last couple of years, going into the spring selling season, we had planned on having more houses coming out of the ground and more lots available to start houses on. This year, we are better positioned to hit the plan then we have been at any point in the last 4, 5, 6 years. So I do think when he -- when Bill talks about positioning, we are very happy with the way we're positioned and believe that we will be able to drive absorptions and generate very heavy returns, so...

And if you look at our ASP, there is still a tremendous amount of demand at the price points we're delivering homes into and there is some competition but it is pretty significantly less in competition that $100,000 to $150,000 higher.

Well I -- well, let me take this. Let me put -- we're all kind of looking at each other with a little bit of time that [indiscernible].

You know Mike, as we've gone through all these numbers and I keep going back and looking at the first quarter that our people put on the books, first quarter, SG&A at 9.5% and operating margin at 10.7%. I mean, those are historically incredibly strong numbers and so I got to tell you, I am pretty proud of our people.

Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in April to share our second quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, thank you for a solid first quarter and a strong start to 2019. It's your focus and hard work that has put us where we are. We appreciate it, we thank you for it and expect it to continue. Thank you.