Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined on the call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
Our D.R. Horton team finished the year strong. Pretax income for the fourth quarter increased 9% to $660 million on $5 billion of revenue and our pretax operating margin was 13.1%. 
For the year, EPS increased 13% to $4.29 per diluted share, and consolidated pretax income increased to $2.1 billion on $17.6 billion of revenues. Our consolidated pretax margin for the year was 12.1%. We closed 56,975 homes this year, an increase of over 5,000 homes or 10% from last year. 
Our homebuilding return on inventory was 18.1%, and our return on equity was 17.2%. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint and our product positioning to offer homes at affordable price points across multiple brands. 
Our homebuilding cash flow from operations in 2019 was $1.4 billion. Over the past 5 years, we have generated approximately $4 billion of cash flow from homebuilding operations, while growing our homebuilding revenues by more than $9 billion or 117% and our earnings per share by 186%. 
During these 5 years, in addition to organically growing the business, we have invested approximately $1 billion in acquisitions and returned over $1.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while reducing homebuilding debt by $1.3 billion. 
As a result, our return on equity increased by 540 basis points, while our homebuilding debt-to-capital ratio decreased by less than half of its level 5 years ago. 
Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share, while growing both our revenues and pretax profits, generating strong cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. With a conservative balance sheet that includes an ample supply of homes, lots and land to support growth and a good October sales pace, we are well positioned as we begin 2020. Mike?

At September 30, our homebuilding lot position consisted of approximately 307,000 lots, of which 40% were owned and 60% were controlled. 30% of our total owned lots are finished and at least 54% of our controlled lots are or will be finished when we purchase them. 
We continue working to increase our lot position being developed by third parties by supporting the growth of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform and expanding our relationships with lot developers across the country. Our current lot portfolio includes an ample supply of lots for homes at affordable price points and continues to provide a strong competitive advantage. Mike?

DHI Communities is our multifamily rental company focused on suburban garden-style apartments with operations primarily in Texas, Arizona and Florida. DHI Communities currently has 4 projects under active construction and 2 projects that were substantially complete at the end of the quarter, 1 of which was under contract to sell at September 30. 
During 2019, DHI Communities sold 2 multifamily rental properties for $133.4 million and recorded a gain on sale of $51.9 million. DHI Communities total assets were $204 million at the end of the year. We expect DHI Community assets to increase significantly in 2020 as its pipeline of multifamily rental projects grows. 
We also expect to sell 2 rental properties in 2020. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our well-established operating platform across the country. We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns, while maintaining a flexible financial position. 
We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. 
We congratulate the entire D.R. Horton team on closing the most homes in a year in company history, and we thank you for your hard work and accomplishments. We're incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations in 2020. This concludes our prepared remarks. 
We will now host questions.

I think anything that impacts affordability is always going to be a concern. I will say, when you look at what drives homebuilding, which is job growth and the overall economy. We feel very, very good about what's happening there. And homes, they're affordable as they're going to get. I do think, yes, there may be a little bit of pull-forward demand. But right now, the market feels really, really good.

Carl, we compete every day. And yes, I do think that we're seeing more people attempt to get lower in price point and drive better affordability. But again, like we've talked about in the past, our positions are very long, very deep, and we don't intend to give up market share in that that's servicing that bar. I will say demand is still very, very deep. And I think from my travels that supply is still tight, especially as you achieve true affordability. So but we take a lot of comfort in the fact that we've got a long runway in very affordable positions, deep and long. So.

Well. This October feels so much better than last October but [indiscernible] it's hard not to be a little bit excited about what the year brings. I can tell you the -- we're not thinking that we're going to see a margin expansion because I do believe there's going to be more competition. But where we see the business right now today is very, very solid and feel comfortable at least today with sharing that we're looking for pretty flat margins going forward, which as you know, we're not typically the most optimistic group out there.

I'll just add that a lot of it's positioning. And I think coming into this year, we feel very good about the way we're positioned in both, really, California with the price that we've been able to drive down to, and in Texas with the lots out in front of our building operation.

I think on the last call, Bill talked about the fact that we're only top 5 and -- yes, top 5, #1 in 13 -- top 5 in 30.

32 markets. So we've got a lot of runway in those markets. And as to the brand, we're trying to drive optionality for the buyers and to create a focus and product to meet everybody's needs in the market. So I guess I feel like we've got all kinds of runway to get better in markets that we're not doing as good as we should be and offer products that everybody's going to want to buy.

I'll just add that we worked very, very hard over the years to drive a process that has allowed us to drive more square footage with the same labor hours. And that gives us a lot of comfort and confidence that when labor does get tight again, which I anticipate it will, in the spring that we're going to command the greatest percentage of it.

Well, absolutely. I think it's a local market scale. I think it's also our commitment to drive consistent production at each flag. So we get the trade base into the communities. We -- our absorption in our typical community is very, very high. And so we keep them there. And they're not out looking for work while they're waiting on us to start houses. So it's just a process. It's something we've been working on for a long, long, long time. And I think we do have a loyal trade base and good markets, bad markets, they know they're going to get paid. So that is a competitive advantage for us.

And I'll just add, our confidence level is really driven by what we're seeing out in the field. And we talk a lot about our people. We talk a lot about trying to get better year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, day-over-day, really. And I would just say we are getting better. So even though our absorption per flag has been very high through this whole cycle. We are a better company today than we were a year ago. Better positioned, and our people got another year's experience.

And I'll just say our mortgage company did a spectacular job this year, not only driving efficiency through their process but in aligning with our homebuilding operations to make the overall transaction better for our customers.

Thank you, Melissa. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to talking to you again in January to share our first quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, congratulations on finishing #1 for the 18th consecutive year. You are truly the best of the best in this industry. Mike, Bill, Jessica and I are honored and humbled to represent you on these calls. Thank you.