Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to be joined -- to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
We'd like to first, again, express our gratitude to our country's dedicated field of health care workers, and to all who are on the front lines securing for our communities. Our thoughts remain with those affected by this pandemic, and our priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees, customers, trade partners and the communities we serve.  
During the latter part of March, the impacts of COVID-19 and related widespread reductions in economic activity across the United States began to negatively affect our business. During April, when restrictive stay at home orders in place for most of our markets, our sales orders decreased and our cancellations increased, and our April net sales orders were 1% lower than a year ago. However, as restricted orders began to be lifted across many markets and economic activity resumed, our sales increased significantly and our cancellations rate returned to normal levels. 
In both May and June, our net sales orders increased by more than 50% compared to the prior year periods, resulting in a net sales order increase of 38% for the quarter. 
We sold 5,931 more homes this quarter than the same quarter last year, positioning D.R. Horton to achieve further gains in market share and scale. We have continued to see strong increases in net sales orders in July compared to the same month last year. 
Despite the disruption from COVID-19 on our operations, the D.R. Horton team delivered a record third quarter, including net sales orders of 21,519 homes, a 25% increase in consolidated pretax income to $782 million, and a 10% increase in revenues to $5.4 billion. 
Our pretax profit margin for the quarter improved 170 basis points to 14.5%, while our EPS increased 37% to $1.72 per diluted share. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended June 30 was 21.6% and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 19.9%.  
While housing market conditions are very strong today, we remain cautious as to the impact of COVID-19 may have on the overall economy and our operations in the future. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity position and experienced operating teams position us very well to operate effectively through the changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible, operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales base and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. Mike?

Our third quarter homebuilding investment in lots, land and development totaled $1.1 billion of which $390 million was for finished lots, $380 million was for land development and $290 million was for land, $180 million of our land and lot purchases in the third quarter were from Forestar. 
After slowing our lots and land and development investments in March and April, we have since increased our pace of investments to ensure we maintained an adequate number of finished lots to support our home construction base. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced operational teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions, and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. 
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during this time have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you safely continue helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Labor has been a challenge throughout this entire market cycle. So we focused early on, on driving efficiency through the operation, partnering with our labor trades and have seen the benefit of that all the way through this cycle. The reality is, as I think Mike will tell you, the build cycles continue to be very, very stable. And just the process of how we build and how we treat our trades, has proven to be very effective in managing this situation.

I will add that we don't -- we're not in a position where we need to go ahead. And it really does, have to be a great fit. And at this point, they would have to want to join our family and it's not going to be a stretch, kind of a win-win for them at us.

The focus right now is on driving a consistent sustainable start program, week-to-week, project-by-project. And as we continue to execute that, I think our spec counts will come back to what we historically have carried.

I would say as to the branding, we are seeing uptick in demand for both Freedom and the D.R. Horton brand. 
As to the state question. I would say we're seeing increase in demand from both buying profiles. The relocation of people down to a more affordable tax friendly environment continues and I think COVID maybe is even accelerating that. 
Pricing is something we track week-to-week based upon demand at each individual flag and it's kind of a -- I've always considered pricing an art, not a science. You want to -- you never want to be in a position where you push pricing so hard that you have to come back and adjust it back down. You always want people to feel like if they buy today, they'll save a little bit of money, they'll save money versus buying 6 months or a year from now. 
So fortunately, our company, the entire structure and mentality is that those decisions are made in the individual communities and divisions. And the people that are closest to the market actually, we feel like, make a better decision than we can make up here.

It's consistent with what we saw in May and June.

It really is a testimony to our people and our positioning out there, but it's a very, very, very good market right now.

No signs of slowing. It's just a lot of uncertainty out there that is completely outside of our control. If you just look at long-term trends in the industry, demographics, where the supply is versus where the future demand is going to be or should be even today, you got to feel very, very good about the long-term. But in this industry, I mean, you saw what happened end of March, completely out of the -- from nowhere. 
So I do think we'll have a lot more visibility as we get into the November-December time period next year. And hopefully, we can reinstate the guidance numbers that we can then turn around and hit. We're always going to be conservative. I mean, that's -- you've got Bill Wheat for a CFO, you're going to have conservative.

I think -- well, this is David. I think that's a trend that was in place before the COVID-19 and I think it's really tied toward the millennial being a more conservative, disciplined buyer of homes than previous generations. But they were forming households later, having children later and I think this pandemic has accelerated the trend. And what do you call it, kind of demand or pull forward demand or -- there's just a whole lot of people out there that I think are going to be looking for housing over the next 5-plus years.

As to California, we're seeing stability and consistency out there today. We have reset our product and positioning out there to the entry level, pretty much everywhere we can. And it's driving better returns today than it has in the last 4, 5 years.

Yes. Land prices are going to go up as the absorptions continue to move up. So our focus has been and will continue to be relationships with developers. The fact that our operating -- operational teams in these markets have been there a long time, have great relationships with land sellers, I think gives us an advantage, our ability to close gives us an advantage. Our absorptions per flag if you're developing lots, you want to be selling to somebody who is going to drive very high absorptions. 
So it's -- I do believe we have a competitive advantage, people and capital and just operational efficiency. So I can tell you right now, we're seeing a lot of deals. The COVID scare, I think, really created opportunities for us to open relationships with sellers that had been primarily selling to other competitors. So feel very good about our land position today and the things we put in place to sustain that over time.

Mike, you're up now. Go ahead. If you said something, sorry.

Yes. Right now, we're very comfortable with our lot position going out into '21. We have seen significant and competitive advantage result from the continued consolidation and market share gains. There is -- what we focus on internally is consistent, sustainable operations and feel very good about our pace right now. Market is certainly there. 
And the pricing side, short-term price increases actually increase demand sometimes. So again, it's an art. It's -- and we leave those decisions to local markets. So like Bill said, over the next 30 days, we'll be putting to get an operating plan for '21, finalizing. I guess we've had 1 for some time, but finalizing it. And that will drive a lot more visibility about how we're going to position for '21 and then '22 and then '23.

Go ahead, Mike. No, you go ahead.

And just to add, the amount of stimulus, it's already been pushed out and will continue to be pushed out. I think, between now and the end of the year, is going to impact the markets for multiple years. It's just a lot of liquidity that will filter through the overall economy, and I think have a positive impact on housing and people's ability to buy homes.

Mike, pace versus price versus margin has a lot to do with community size, where it is in the community. You may push price in a community where you -- on the back end of it. And your deliveries sales base is going to be 3 or 4 months worth of inventory, or 6 or 7 months worth of inventory. And then you have other communities where you may have 1,000 lots out in front of you. And driving pace actually generates a higher return than trying to find that absolute right margin dollar that either cuts off sales or allows sales to increase. And we trust our operators in the field to make those decisions. We incentivize them to make good decisions. And it's a model that's been a part of the company for the 32 years I've been here. And it seems to be working. So it really is a community-by-community process.

We could do better. We can make better decisions pretty much every day. You get up and don't make a mistake, you probably didn't do anything. So we're going to walk through communities with our operators, and we're going to talk to them, are you making the decision that is going to drive the highest return for the shareholder. But ultimately, what we have seen over years and years and years is that when you empower people and you give them authority and responsibility, they become better managers. And their relationship -- it's a culture. I mean, it's who we are. And we're just not going to sit up here and try to drive pricing decisions and a community and pick any market you want to.

Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in November. 
And to the D.R. Horton family, once again, you have outperformed the industry, setting record, all-time record for sales of 25 -- 21 5 -- 1,000 -- 21,500 sales. Unbelievable accomplishment. Don Horton and the entire executive team are humbled and thankful that we're here to represent you.