Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team delivered solid second quarter and the spring selling season is off to a strong start with our sales increasing 13% from the prior year. In the second quarter, our consolidated pretax increased 26% to $445 million on a 17% increase in revenues to $3.8 billion. Our pretax profit margin improved 80 basis points to 11.7%. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our diverse product offerings and the leverage of both, our national and local scale across our broad geographic footprint. Our continued strategic focus is to produce double-digit annual growth in both, revenue and pretax profits, while increasing our annual operating cash flows and returns. For the trailing 12 months, our homebuilding return on inventory was 17.6%, an improvement of 160 basis points from 16% a year ago. With 29,400 homes in inventory at the end of March and 258,000 lots owned and controlled, we are well positioned for the rest -- for the remainder of 2018 and future years. Mike?

Our homebuilding investment in lots, land and development during the second quarter totaled $862 million, of which $504 million was for finished lots and land acquisition, and $358 million was for land development. Our underwriting criteria and operational expectations for new communities remain consistent at a minimum 20% annual pretax return on inventory and a return of our initial cash investment within 24 months. We expect our homebuilding operations to invest approximately $4 billion in lots, land and development in 2018. Bill?

Our balanced capital approach focuses on being flexible, opportunistic and disciplined. Our balance sheet's strength, liquidity, earnings growth and cash flow generation are increasing our flexibility. And we plan to utilize our strong position to enhance the long-term value of the company. Our top cash flow priorities are to consolidate market share by investing in our homebuilding business and strategic acquisitions, reduce or maintain debt levels and return capital to our shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. After increasing our guidance for pretax profit margin in our press release this morning, excluding Forestar, we now expect to generate at least $800 million of cash from operations in 2018, growing to over $1.25 billion annually in 20 -- 2020. Jessica?

To conclude and reiterate, our growth in sales, closings, profits, returns and cash flow is a result of the strength of our long-tenured people and well-established operating platforms across country. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry-leading market shares. We remain focused on growing both, our revenue and pretax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while increasing our annual operating cash flows and improving returns in our business and to our shareholders. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land positions and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to growing and improving our operations during our 40th-anniversary year, while preparing for great opportunities in the years to come. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

John, it's David. I would say the optimism that's out there in the market today slight increase in rates that we've seen are really fueling demand and its -- prices continue to move slowly. I see a long sustained housing market.

Stephen, it's David. We had the Forestar guys up yesterday, day before, kind of just gone over operational plans. And I think their primary focus -- their internal goals are to create independence from Horton, and they are looking at deals today that will be sourced directly by them. But they got to have people. The thing that makes us different is people and they've got to do.

We haven't really seen anybody leave that space. But I can tell you the entry-level demographics and really the delay in what used to be the 25 [indiscernible] houses to 35s, that group of people is -- there's more demand than is currently being serviced. So we're focused on returns. The entry level's driving the best returns. I think as time moves, we will see that shift kind of up the price curve. But right now today, it's awfully good in that [ 250 to 300 ] range.

Taxes and Florida continued to be very, very strong markets. Arizona has come on incredibly strong for us over the last couple of years. A lot of stability in California at the price points we're selling. Northwest continues to be very, very strong. And we're getting a little better in Northeast. So we'd like to see that consistency, that's something we strive for. And really -- pretty proud of what our people are doing out there.

I've got to tell you, we're not seeing that right now. Even what has been our weaker markets have stabilized, and we're seeing, if not significant absorption gains, we're seeing margin moving up a little bit. So market is very good right now. It's -- there are a lot of people out there that don't want a house, but they want to figure out how to get in one. And they feel good enough to take the risk the decide a mortgage and close. So job growth is strong, consumer optimism is way up, consumer confidence is way up. A lot of good things are happening in the country right now.

Strategically, we think of them as partners. And we're going to continue to work with that community at a level that really is unique in the industry. Now over time, will their economics change? Will they have to become more efficient and more competitive? Yes. But at least in my mind, they're going to be -- the resale market is so much bigger than the new home market. And whether it's online, whether it's some other type, that in reaction with people at point-of-sale, I think it's still going to be a part of how you get a transaction closed. So we love rotors, we're going to continue to support rotors and to me there is a bigger part of the cost of the house as a necessary part of the house as concrete and lumber, because they drive the industry.

Our goal is not only consistency, but sustainability. And we've talked in the past about achieving something if you can't grow it and maintain it really is kind of a false achievement. So everything we're doing is set up to execute quarter-to-quarter a little better and sustain it off down the road into the future. 
Quarter-to-quarter, 52%, 53%, 54%, that's really not in our minds or anything that we spend a lot of time thinking about.

Not really. I wouldn't say we're tracking. As we establish our Freedom flags in the markets, we're seeing better and better success. And the Express communities have absorbed a lot of that 55, I call them blue-collar retiree, because it's just a lower cost lifestyle. That's -- from a demographic standpoint, it's a huge trend. And it also dovetails into the migration from high-tax states to low-tax states. So it's -- we believe it's a long-term trend that we're going to see a lot of demand for roughly foreseeable future.

Yes, we're in [ certainly ] markets. Some markets are significantly bigger than others, but our goal is to get them rolled out, kind of like our Express program to a level in each market that the market will absorb. So it's going to be a big part of our growth over the next 5 to 7 years.

I will say, Stephen, affordability in housing is just going to become more and more difficult to maintain. And even at our Express level, there are still a significant amount of the population is priced out of home ownership. So we have got to get better. And I think technology and different ways of thinking about constructing houses is going to be how that takes place. Because I don't see labor going down, and I don't see materials going down. And land certainly is not going to go down. So how you build a house -- I mean that's -- to me everybody at some point in their life ought to be able to own a house. And that's just not the case today in the United States and it's certainly not the case in the world. That something we think about a lot.

It was a very important day to me when I was able to buy my first house. And I can tell you, I think that helped me become the success -- whatever success I have achieved, I think that was the part of it. So everybody ought to get experience of.

Again, it's about consistent and sustainable over a long period of time. The flat buyers in my experience don't do much for shareholders long term.

We're going to stay optimistic. I mean, the investment we made in Forestar, we think is going to be significantly better for our shareholders than increasing our stock buyback by $500 million this year. So it's -- we're out there looking at the market and making what we believe are the best long-term decisions for our shareholders.

Thank you, Donna. We appreciate everyone's time on the call and look forward to speaking with you again in July to share our third quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, another spectacular quarter. It makes us proud to set up here and be able to represent you. Thank you.