Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray and Paul Romanowski. our Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officers; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team delivered a strong third quarter, highlighted by a 53% increase in earnings to $4.67 per diluted share. Our consolidated pretax income increased 54% to $2.2 billion on a 21% increase in revenues. And our consolidated pretax profit margin improved 540 basis points to 24.8%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended June 30 was 41.7%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 35.1%. 
These results reflect our experienced teams, their production capabilities and our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint. Housing market demand remained strong during most of the quarter. 
In June, we began to see a moderation in demand and an increase in cancellations due to the rapid rise in mortgage rate and continued inflationary pressures across most of the economy.
The supply of both new and resale homes at affordable prices remains limited. Although demand has slowed from the frenzy pace we experienced over the past year, there are still qualified buyers in the market today as household formations continue and inflationary pressures drive rents higher. 
54% of the homes we closed in the past 12 months were priced under $350,000, and our average sales price is approximately $100,000 lower than the average other homebuilders, positioning us to continue aggregating share. There are still disruptions in the supply chain and tightness in the labor market that continue to delay the completion of our homes under construction. 
These construction delays and changes in demand environment led us to reduce our full-year closing guidance for fiscal 2022. We remain purposefully -- we purposely slowed our number of home starts in the third quarter to position our inventory to align with market conditions. 
Although the uncertainty of this market transition may persist for some time, we believe we are well positioned to meet changing market conditions with our experienced teams, affordable product offerings, flexible lot supply and their strong trade and supplier relationships. 
The strength of our balance sheet, liquidity and loan leverage provide a significant financial flexibility, and we will continue managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize returns. Mike?

In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across our multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and loan leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions and continue aggregating market share. 
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. 
We are incredibly well positioned to continue improving our operations and providing home ownership opportunities to more American families. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

John, I think it's probably a little of both. I think payment shock was part of it. Toward the end of June, middle of June, we had a 100 basis point increase in long-term rates over about a 3- or 4-day period. 
I think, that impacted it. Most people still remember 2008, '09, '10 when -- worst housing market I've ever seen and values deteriorated, which, again, not typical in our history of our country. So [ I'll pause ]. 
I mean I feel very good about where we're headed market-wise and the response we're getting as we continue to sell houses out there. So -- but you increase rates a 100 basis points in 4 days, it does impact [ buyer ] psyche.

I would say, right now, we're probably still lower than what we would consider a normal incentive. There are still a lot of buyers out there chasing homes. Finding qualified buyers is a little more difficult. Actually, reopening in the -- some of our sales efforts has been interesting. 
So -- but overall, I'd say the incentive program today is probably less than normal. I anticipate at some point, it will return to normal. There's still not a lot of inventory out there for people to buy.

Our plan from day 1 has been consistent over time, balanced with -- supporting the homebuilding inventories and funding the growth. I don't see that changing in '23, '24 or '25. We just -- our goal is to be out there, operating consistently, growing our market share, expanding homeownership opportunity for as many families as we possibly can. And I don't see that changing.

Ultimately, it's going to come down to what drives the best return for that individual [ flag ]. Same formula we've been working on -- working with -- for the -- coming out of the [ downturn ]. Our long-term focus is returning the best we can with the inventory that we put out there, and that's not going to change. 
We deemphasized gross margins when we could deliver every house we wanted to build as the construction process became more and more challenging, we expanded margins because we were delivering every house we possibly could. At the end of the day, it's returned, it's ROI, it's ROE. That's our focus.

Texas, Florida, I think, are going to continue to drive national numbers. [ Carolina ] has continued to be stable and strong for us. We're really -- from a historical norm, from my history with the company and my history in the industry, it's a good mark. I mean, talk about some areas being stressed or problematic, it just doesn't exist today. Is there a pause? Is there a reset in kind of the prior expectation? Yes, absolutely. 
Payment shock when rates go up a 100 basis points in 4 days, yes, absolutely. But demographics, demand, the desire to get out of the                , all those are enforced and continuing. And our expectations for next year are that we're going to get back on [ pass ], back on pace. So all good in D.R. Horton.

Surprised. I don't know that surprise is probably a great [ tone ]. We're responding to -- and it's my belief, I think our belief that buyer demand is -- I mean there's still more housing formations, job creations than there are homes being built. And so I think we've talked about elongated cycles in the past. This pause disruption, could it get worse? Absolutely, it could. 
But I've been doing this for a long time. And in a conversation with one of our regional [ presidents ] a couple of days ago, we were talking about the market. And he and I both have been doing this a long time. Both have been in sales models when selling homes was very difficult. And this is probably the second best market ever. 
So I guess -- I understand that there's uncertainty out there. But when you have people that want to buy homes, I mean, we're going to adjust, we're going to figure out how to put those people in homes. That's what we do. 
And -- so that's market by market, flag-by-flag, division-by-division, however you want to cut it up, we're going to build, sell, start. We're going to start, build, sella and close homes and create homeownership opportunities. That's what the mission of this company is. So that's what we're going to do.

I think compared to prior cycles, the entire industry is much more disciplined, much more focused on cash flow, much more focused on return [Technical Difficulty] on accelerating land prices. So you look at our stores, you look at the industry stores, in June, I think, very, very fast reaction to the rate increases. We'll see what happens in July and August. 
But our expectation is that you're going to see starts stay disciplined. And when the rates stabilize and we can adjust pricing and offerings to the buyers and they're comfortable buying them, then I think you'll see starts pick back up. But it's just a different world today than it was in '04, '05, '06. You've got a real business that's building [ houses ] today.

I will also say, Rafe. We have a very deep pipeline of [ house plan ] that we've controlled for multiple years. And it does put us in a position where if we see the imbalance in land pricing versus future market expectations, we don't have to buy it. We've got the ability to pause in our land acquisition for an extended period if we think that's the prudent decision.

Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our fourth quarter results in November. 
And to the D.R. Horton family, you are a driving force in the creation of affordable housing in this country. What you do is important. Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for your focus and hard work. Let's finish this year and move on to '23.