Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray and Paul Romanowski, our Executive Vice Presidents and Co-Chief Operating Officers; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The D.R. Horton team delivered an outstanding first quarter, highlighted by a 48% increase in earnings to $3.17 per diluted share. Our consolidated pretax income increased 45% to $1.5 billion on a 19% increase in revenues and our consolidated pretax profit margin improved 380 basis points to 21.2%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended December 31 was 38.5%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 32.4%. These results reflect our experienced teams, their production capabilities and our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint. 
Even with the recent rise in mortgage rates, housing market conditions remain very robust, and we are focused on maximizing returns while continuing to increase our market share. There are still significant challenges in the supply chain, including shortages in certain building materials and a very tight labor market. We are focused on building the infrastructure and processes to support a higher level of home starts while working to stabilize and then reduce construction cycle times to our historical norms. 
After starting construction on 25,500 homes this quarter, our homes and inventory increased 30% from a year ago to 54,800 homes with only 1,000 unsold completed homes across the nation. Our January home starts and net sales orders were in line with our targets, and we are well positioned to achieve double-digit volume growth in 2022. We believe our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage position us very well to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our flexible operational and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations while managing our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales base and inventory levels to optimize returns. 
Mike?

In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today's robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. 
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital, to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividend and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations in 2022. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

And John, we talked a little bit about this. Internally, we talk a lot about it. The industry is changing. It's just a much more disciplined industry than it was through the last cycle as we gained in market share, as the other publics gained in market share. There's just less -- at least in my mind, my expectation is, there'll be less volatility at this cycle up and down. It's just they're real businesses today, not speculators.

I just -- Alan, as we continue to increase our starts for demand, I would say at some point, there's going to be more of an equilibrium. And at that point, the margins and ASPs should mitigate somewhat. We don't know. Again, we're a return base, absorption targets, start targets, being able to sustain a level of starts drives efficiencies through the entire process. We don't know what the future is. We do know that we can operate within that future and maximize the results, both returns and market share gains.

Alan, we're always focused on affordability. And we talk entirely about a sustainable run rate in these communities and that involves not overpricing at any point in time. So -- but yes, we're looking at product. We're looking at communities, land, how do we drive more and more efficiency into the process so that we can maintain a more affordable level of cost. And then that's -- to me, that's market scale that's consistency of starts. It's -- as we continue to drive market share gains, consolidate labor, we're in a better position to acquire land and it's just an ongoing continuous effort to get a little bit better every day.

All price points.

Carl, I think a lot of the things at Horton is just because we just work harder than other. Everybody works hard, but our people are just phenomenal problem solvers, and it's a part of the culture, the decentralized nature. I mean they take ownership and they solve problems. What we have tried to do is guide the divisions to understand the capacity within communities and consistently start homes to meet that capacity. And when they do that, the capacity increases because the people in those communities get a little better at building those houses. 
And we're seeing that in -- I don't know what the industry average is, but I got to believe we are completing homes, even though it is not to our historical norm, still more rapidly than our peers out there. But it's that consistent starts, limited product, limited options, making it easier for these trades to get in and get out, reducing the SKUs that we're asking our suppliers to hold and, in some cases, ordering early. In some cases stock -- I mean anything, everything that we can do to eliminate or break a bottleneck and -- the people in the field are doing. And I can tell you 100 stories, but I'm not going to.

I don't see any change in the incentives coming. It's a -- I'm sure at some point the inventory will catch up with demand. It is still significantly out of balance, especially if you're looking at the areas where -- the Florida, the Texas, the Arizonas, even across the Midwest where you have job growth and influx of people. It's -- you never say never, but the difficulty of getting lots on the ground and then getting houses built is -- it's going to be very difficult to catch up with demand anytime in the next couple of years.

It goes back to market scale and even within submarkets being able to control a labor base and keeping them busy, keeping them in the same location. I just can't oversell that advantage, where you've got a program where we're releasing 15, 20, 30 houses every month, month after month after month after month. The aggregation of labor in those kinds of communities is -- it's very advantageous in today's world. And it also gives you the ability to kind of direct some of that labor through the 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 a month absorption communities. So it's market scale. It's -- again, everything that we've done, simplifying the product, trying to maintain affordability and then having well-located communities with long runway -- long run rate times.

Yes. Mike, I've always -- we've always believed that the rental platform, when we get it built out, will derisk our land portfolio because it does give us another lever. But from just a philosophical standpoint, we believe in the for-sale business. We believe homeownership in the country is very important. Today, our goal is to deliver more homes because the demand is there, and it's hard to believe, 5 years from now, homes are going to be more affordable than they are today. So every family we can get a home, we feel like we -- is a win for us and for that family. 
When we look at the risk in the rental platform, the ability to scale that up, the segment that's going to create, it's going to be a real business all on its own. And because of the geographic platform and the embedded divisions within that geography, our ability to scale that and touch every market is -- we see as just great opportunity for our shareholders and for our people internally.

We have start targets and we talk about consistent sustainable starts driving ultimately sales and closings, and it's based on the capacity within divisions to deliver those homes.

It's a great time. I think it's more affordable today than it certainly was in the '80s. The ability to get into a house, lock down your homeownership or your housing cost for the next 20 years is a significant driving force in what's going on because as overall cost inflation, interest rates, as those continue to move up, the people that are buying a house today, even if it's at a price that's 15%, 20% higher than it was last year, are -- I mean it's just a great thing. 
So the other thing, Ken, that we really don't talk much about, but it's -- when I was 20s, I mean that was just -- that was what was expected. You figured out a way to buy a house and that became less cool, for use of a stupid term, as the millennials came into their 20s. But what I'm seeing and what my millennial daughter is telling me is, now it's -- that's a big part of the narrative on social media is, it's -- people want to own homes again. And it's just -- I'm amazed sometimes at some of the conversations around housing. And I look at what it was, I look at what it is. I look at the -- just the demographic demand that's out there, I look at the wealth effect of everything that's happened over the last 10 years and the American public is -- they're in a good place. And from an affordability standpoint, homeownership is better than it was in the '80s. 
So I'm very optimistic about what's going on. I'm very optimistic about this company, and I'm just in awe of our people and how -- what they are accomplishing out there. So -- I don't know if I answered your question, but I told you what I think.

We actually were talking about this in getting ready for the call. The private builders and even some of the smaller public builders are going to have very difficult time delivering houses. I mean we're having -- it is hard for us. I mean it's probably harder to complete and finish a house today as it's been in my career in homebuilding. And as these private guys who don't have our scale, who don't have our ability to drive a result, their houses are sitting. And that's going to cut off their access to the next house they start. Anecdotally, we are talking to the builders in markets that -- they're just tired. They don't -- they've got 6, 7, 8 banks. They're sideways with 2 of them, and they're looking to us to take out their lot supply and then maybe become a developer for us in that market. 
So it's -- if the supply chains don't loosen up, I think you're going to see the consolidation accelerate in the market by the big [ publics ] because what is the big constraint on the market, on housing is the ability to get lots in front of you. And the private guys, they don't have that ability the publics do. And that's -- so when you look at new home sales decline, that doesn't have anything to do with demand, that has to be built -- 60% of the homes being built out there are being built by nonpublics. And I think over this cycle, you're going to see that group's ability to start houses continue to deteriorate. And that is going to get picked up by the publics. Even if the overall housing market, new home housing market declines, I think the top tier publics are going to pick up market share and they're going to continue to grow. So that's what I think.

Yes, there's a big population base there now. You've got some of the best universities in the country that are there. You're seeing a migration out of what have historically been the tech areas and/or the think tank areas, financial areas into these incubators, which are these major universities. I'm just -- I'm a big believer that long term, the quality of life, just the access to really smart people is going to drive companies and growth companies into these markets. You see it in Austin. You see it in Nashville, Columbus. It's just across Indianapolis. There are brilliant people starting what are going to be great big companies that find that environment just a better place to be than some of the, what has historically been high tech, high-income markets. And the population of the U.S., it's -- those towns, those cities are great cities, and they offer a lot. And that's what...

Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you in our second quarter results in April. And our D.R. Horton family, outstanding first quarter. It's amazing what our people are accomplishing out there, and Don Horton and the entire executive team are humbled with the opportunity to represent you. Thank you.