Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I'm pleased to be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Our D.R. Horton team finished the year strong. Pretax income for the fourth quarter increased 25% to $608 million on $4.5 billion of revenue. And our pretax operating margin improved 180 basis points to 13.5%. For the year, we delivered results in line with or better than the original fiscal 2018 guidance we shared at the beginning of the year. With consolidated pretax income increasing 29% to $2.1 billion on $16.1 billion of revenues. We closed 51,857 homes this year, an increase of 6,106 homes or 13% over last year. 
Our consolidated pretax margin for the year improved 140 basis points to 12.8% and our homebuilding return on inventory improved 360 basis points to 20.2%. Our homebuilding cash flow from operations was $1 billion in 2018, our fourth consecutive year of generating positive operating cash flows during a period when our annual revenues have doubled. These results reflect the strength of our operational teams, our ability to leverage D.R. Horton's scale across our broad geographic footprint, and our product positioning to offer affordable homes across multiple brands.
Sales prices for both new and existing homes have increased across most of our markets over the past several years, which coupled with rising interest rates has impacted affordability and resulted in some moderation of demand for homes, particularly at higher price points. However, we continue to see good demand and a limited supply of homes at affordable prices across all of our markets. Economic fundamentals and financing availability remains solid. We are pleased with our current product offerings and positioning to meet demand in the current market and we will adjust the future changes in market conditions as necessary.
Our strategic focus is to continue consolidating market share while growing both our revenue and pretax profits, generating strong cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position with a conservative balance sheet that includes 29,700 homes in inventory and an ample supply to owned and optioned lots to support future growth. We are well positioned as we begin 2019. Mike?

We are making good progress on increasing the option portion of our land and lot pipeline, and believe we can continue to increase our option lots over the next few years while maintaining our number of owned lots relatively flat with current levels. At September 30, our land and lot portfolio consisted of 289,000 lots, of which 125,000 or 43% are owned and 164,000 or 57% are controlled through option contracts. 35,000 of our total owned lots are finished and 82,000 of our option lots are or will be finished when we purchase them. We have increased our option lot position by 40,000 lots from a year ago. And we plan to increase our option lots further by expanding our relationships with lot developers across the country and continuing to support the expansion of Forestar's national lot manufacturing platform. Our balanced and well positioned lot portfolio is a strong competitive advantage. Mike?

Our balanced capital approach focuses on being flexible, opportunistic and disciplined. Our balance sheet's strength, liquidity, earnings growth and cash flow generation are increasing our flexibility. And we plan to utilize our strong position to enhance the long-term value of the company. Our top cash flow priorities are to consolidate market share by investing in our homebuilding business and strategic acquisitions, reduce homebuilding debt and return capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As we mentioned on our last call, we have been actively pursuing select homebuilding acquisitions across the country, and we still expect to deploy $400 million to $600 million of capital for this purpose over the next few quarters. Jessica?

In closing, the strength of our team and operating platform across the country allowed us to grow our revenues 14%, and our pretax profits 29%, while generating $1 billion of homebuilding cash flow from operations. We also improved our annual homebuilding return on inventory by 360 basis points to 20.2%. We are focused on consolidating market share, while growing both our revenue and pretax profits, generating strong cash flows and returns, while maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. We congratulate the entire D.R. Horton team on our 17th consecutive year as the largest builder by volume in the United States and we thank you for your hard work and accomplishments. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations in 2019.
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

This is David. The market conditions really over the last 4, 5 weeks have been pretty choppy. We haven't seen kind of the consistency at the flag-to-flag level that we have grown to expect. So when you're the size we are, you kind of get a sense that maybe a little momentum is slipping from the market to -- you have a hard time driving the number of sales it takes for us to grow double digits. So I'd say Q1, we're giving you a good picture of where we are right now. Expectation-wise, I can tell you, I believe we are positioned as well as we have ever been. Our operators out there in the field have plans to produce double digit, and we'll see what happens. Given some kind of -- any kind of market at all in the spring, I think we're going to have a great year. But right now, we're -- it's been a very few quarters where we've had to come in and release because we had given guidance and then fell a little bit short of it at the quarter. So maybe part of it's our own conservative nature up here. We don't want to put a number out there we can't hit.

And Stephen, we did believe we would be growing community count last year and really just couldn't get the communities on line. So that is certainly in the plan for 2019.

I think you're going to pretty much see continuation of what we have been doing. We're very interested in the culture and the ability to bring these companies into our company. So the great big deals, heavy lot deals probably don't make a lot of sense to us right now. I can tell you the deals that we're close on, very, very good companies, very good culture, people that I think will fit well within our company. So we'll see if we can get them done.

Bill mentioned we've been talking to these guys for quite some time. We really are serious about the cultural fit. So it is a courtship and a -- the typical deal's probably 2 years from the time we start to when we close of what we're working on right now. But we're not going to rush. We're not going to rush [indiscernible] Okay?

No, no. This fits right in with it. This has to do with market consolidation, in a couple of instances getting a platform in a new market...

No, no. We are on track with our overall option lot growth, trying to become less reliant and self develop land and lots. So that's not going to change.

Let me -- this is David. Let me speak to the land spend positioning. Right now, it's my personal belief that we're going to continue to see double digit growth in 2019. And we are continuing to position for that double digit growth. What we've seen so far in October is, when we start putting numbers together, the range of possibilities become so broad and so light that it's meaningless to even put it out there. So our look is at Q1, and I believe, anyway, that we're going to have good year and we got a continued position to that. Now when we get into the spring, if this choppiness that we're seeing now turns into -- continues or gets worse, then yes, our land spend, every spend, is going to significantly curtail. But right now, today, we're not giving up on the year.

Total at risk.

I think you would think at the higher price points maybe interest rates impact the buyers less. But what we're seeing debt to income issues when you get over that $300,000 in most of our markets, it just seems like that buyer is having a more difficult time getting qualified. And housing evaluations have been so good for so long that when people go out take a look at a house, 2 years ago, they could afford a much nicer house than they can today. So there's kind of that sticker shock process going on. And as far as demand at under $300,000 they're just not very much out there in any of the market...

Supply. Yes. Not much. The demand is there, there's not much supply. So even though demand may be restricted by affordability, there are still more buyers out there than there are that can't afford it than there is product.

And maybe to answer just a little more directly. The person that came in 3 or 4 months ago at the below $300,000 price point, they could buy a 2,200 square foot house. Today, for that same payment, they're looking at maybe a 2,080, 2,090 square-foot house. They still want a house, they still need a house. But their expectation of -- we've seen this every time there has been an increase in rates over a relatively short period of time. There's an adjustment time where the reality and expectation have to realign. So again, it's -- there's an -- the alternatives are very, very limited. So if they're going to buy a house, the demand is there, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. That it does create choppiness, it does create maybe a less consistent sales pace.

We really do look at sales week to week to week project by project. So we have not made any adjustment so far. My expectation is, last couple of years we have seen, especially after the '16 election, we saw sales pickup early, the spring market started in December. Not sure that I am 100% bought in it. We're going to see that same thing this year, but I can tell you it would not surprise me. And again, like Jessica says, we've seeing about 5 or 6 weeks so far this year. That's not a lot. But to answer your question, yes, we won't wait a lifeful to adjust our start pace.

We talk a lot about the right home, on the right lot, at the right price. So...

We're going to know a lot more in January than we know today.

Thank you, Dylan. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in January to share our first quarter results. And to the entire D.R. Horton team, Don Horton and this executive group, thank you for your continued hard work and incredible focus in delivering an outstanding 2018. And for insiders only, just want you to know we awarded Mr. Horton his purple shirt last night at dinner. Have a great day. And thank you.