Thank you, Jessica. And good morning. We are also joined on this call by Mike Murray and Paul Romanowski, our Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officers and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The D.R. Horton team finished the year with a solid fourth quarter, which included a 20% increase in consolidated pretax income to $2.1 billion and a 19% increase in revenues to $9.6 billion.  
Our pretax profit margin for the quarter improved 10 basis points to 21.4%, and our earnings per diluted share increased 26% to $4.67. For the year, consolidated pretax income increased 42% to $7.6 billion on $33.5 billion of revenue, which increased 21%. Our pretax profit margin for the year improved 350 basis points to 22.8%, and our earnings per diluted share increased 45% to $16.51.  
We closed a record of 83,518 this year in our whole building and single-family rental operations. And our homebuilding SG&A as a percentage of revenues of 6.8% was an all-time low. Our home many return on inventory for.  the year was 42.8% and our consolidated return on the equity was 34.5%. Our strong financial performance during a year of significant challenges and volatility reflects the strength of our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings.  
Our homebuilding cash flow from operations for 2022 was $1.9 billion. Over the past 5 years, we have generated $7.5 billion of cash flow from homebuilding operations while growing our consolidated revenues by  138%  and our earnings per share by 503%. During this time, we also more than doubled our book value per share, consistently kept our homebuilding leverage under 20%  and increased our homebuilding liquidity by $1.8 billion, all while significantly increasing our returns on inventory and  equity.   
During most of the year, demand for our homes was strong. In June, we began to see a moderation in housing demand that has continued and accelerated through today. The rapid rise in mortgage rates, coupled with high inflation and general economic uncertainty, have made many buyers pause in their home buying decision or choose to not move forward with their home purchase. However, the supply of both new and resell homes at affordable price points remains limited and the demographics supporting housing demand remained favorable.  
The uncertainty of this market transition may persist for some time and could get more challenging if mortgage rates continue increasing. However, we are well positioned to meet changing market conditions with our experienced teams, affordable product offerings, flexible lot supply and great trade and supplier relationships. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us financial flexibility.  
We will continue to focus on turning our inventory and managing our product offerings, incentives, old pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to beat the market, optimize returns, increase market share and generate increased cash flow from our homebuilding operations. Mike?

In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to operate effectively in changing economic conditions and continuing to aggregate market share.  
We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during 2022 were remarkable. This was a year in which we faced construction and operational challenges we have never faced before with periods of unsustainably high demand, followed by historic rise in mortgage rates.  
Despite these challenges and market volatility, we closed the most homes in a year in our company's history, completing our 21st year as the largest builder in the United States with record profit and returns, and we are well positioned to continue improving our operations and providing homeownership opportunities to more American families in 2023. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

And Stephen, even with product lines that we've been offering as a spec builder, we release certain houses every month. So when the market is running red hot like it was first half plus of last year. You have a tendency and release the bigger houses because your that dollar profit per house is higher.  
Now when a price point becomes much more important to the buyers. We made the release, they go from the 2,300 square foot 2-story down to the 1,600 square foot ranch, which drops the overall ASP of the community without really changing the product or impacting valuations within the community.

We control that by which houses we will lease into production.

Carl, just -- we've talked about it, I think, for a while, but just the discipline in the industry today is it has translated into across-the-board slowdown in starts. And I think it will allow the trade base material suppliers to kind of get the feet under them.  
And I've been accused of being overly optimistic at times, but I do think 2023 if the industry stays disciplined, we will get back into a situation where we can sell a house, now what it's going to go and what are we going to be able to deliver and that will be a good thing.

And I'll just add, both when the market was accelerating and now at the center pause, we are very disciplined in how we approach every economic decision on the land side. It's all about creating optionality and efficiency of capital. 
And that's been our program, and it's going to continue to be our program.

And we did suffer through extended bill cycle times. So the houses will be closing in Q1, our houses that were started and bear the cost of high lumber cost. And really trade shortages. So you've got the double whammy of high cost and a more normalized ASP.

It depends on what the capital markets and interest rates do. I mean it's -- if we see stabilization in interest rates, I feel very optimistic about what we can do this year. if we continue to see 100 basis point increase quarter-to-quarter to quarter, I think it's going to be a very challenging year.

Just from geographically, it's the same markets that are experienced in inflow of buyers. I mean, I think our relocate percentage relocation buyers picked up last quarter again -- there is -- it's -- the market is, I think, evolving maybe is the best word. 
There is still a migration out of urban or out of urban into the suburbs. And there's still housing formation taking place that exceeds the supply of homes. It's easy to get caught up in the short term. Our goal here is to stay focused on the long term. And I can tell you, our efforts are in positioning for now Q2, Q3, Q4 and '24 and '25. 
And so we're trying to stay out of the short-term reaction, but where do we want to be as this platform continues to develop, improve and get built out.

And we treat our attempt to treat our development partners like they're part of the family. I mean, we're very transparent. They understand where we're headed and what our start pace is and what our expectations for that community is. 
And coming out of the last downturn, we built relationships that are still existing today and our goals in every community, every division is to be kind of the favorite nation builder. And we are going to treat them better. So we really do believe in the transparency and consistency and audit and direct communication, and that's how you build relationships.

Thank you, Tom. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our first quarter results in January. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family for another remarkable year. Stay humble, stay hungry, stay focused, go compete and win every day. Thank you.