Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. In addition to Jessica, I am pleased to be joined on this call by Mike Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
The D.R. Horton team is off to a strong start in 2018. In the first quarter, our consolidated pretax income increased 23% to $391.2 million on a 15% increase in revenue to $3.3 billion. Our pretax profit margin improved 70 basis points to 11.7% and the value of our homes sold increased 17%.  These results reflect the strength of our operational teams and the diverse product offerings across our broad national footprint. 
Our strategic focus is to produce double-digit annual growth in both revenue and pretax profits, while generating annual positive operating cash flows and increasing our returns. For the trailing 12 months, our homebuilding return on inventory was 17%, an improvement of 110 basis points from 15.9% a year ago. With 27,800 homes in inventory at the end of December and 259,000 lots owned and controlled, we are well positioned for spring selling season and further growth in 2018. Mike?

Our homebuilding investment in lots, land and development during the first quarter totaled $954 million, of which $573 million was for finished lots and land acquisition, and $381 million was for land development. Our underwriting criteria and operational expectations for new communities remain consistent at a minimum 20% annual pretax return on inventory and a return of our initial cash investment within 24 months. We expect our homebuilding operations to invest approximately $4 billion in the lots, land and development in 2018. Bill?

Our balanced capital approach focuses on being flexible, opportunistic and disciplined. Our balance sheet's strength, liquidity, consistent earnings growth and cash flow generation are increasing our flexibility and we plan to utilize our strong position to enhance the long-term value of the company. Our top cash flow priorities are to consolidate market share by investing in our homebuilding business and strategic acquisitions, reduce or maintain debt levels and return capital to our shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. After considering the impact of recent tax legislation, we now expect to generate at least $700 million of cash from operations in 2018, growing to over $1.25 billion annually in 2020, excluding Forestar. Jessica?

In closing, our first quarter's growth in sales, closings and profits is a result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry-leading market share. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pretax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improved returns. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet; broad geographic footprint; diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands; attractive finished lot and land position; and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work, and we look forward to growing and improving our operations together in 2018 as we celebrate our 40th anniversary year. 
This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now host any questions.

Carl, we spent a lot of time the last 2 or 3 years looking at those markets, kind of repositioning within those markets. And my personal belief is that those are going to be a big part of our company going forward. There are markets, there are a lot of people there and there's no reason for us not to be #1 in those markets, just like we're #1 in Texas market.

We've been working very, very hard to improve efficiency, deliveries and the delivery of the product, take labor out of it. I mean, if you look at our ASP on closed houses, we actually saw a slight dip this last quarter while we improved margins. And that's just a culmination of a lot of really hard work and getting product positioned to be more competitive and drive a better return, which is now translating into -- it has been stable margins, but we saw a little uptick this last quarter.

Steve, every one of these markets are different, and we do operate with a very decentralized approach to what we're doing. We think that gives us the ability to scale up and operate in markets profitably other people have a difficult time entering. When I look at these operations and -- like the Northeast or Arizona a couple of years ago, I see opportunities get better. And that's what we're striving to do is over time, get better. If you look at the longevity of our people, you see that we, I think in a way, lead the industry and being able to keep the people in markets for the longest period of time. That's very important to me. So we don't have a top-down approach to it. We don't have a quick trigger on changing people out. We work with people striving to get better, and then build on their relationships within those markets to create long-term value for the shareholders. And that's been the philosophy of Don Horton, Don Tomnitz and something I share.

And I think the other contributing factor to what has extended this housing cycle has been the lack of financing for small builders and independent developers. That -- typically, that's how the markets get oversupplied. Lawyers become developers and doctors become owners. And it's a -- they put product out there that there's no demand for. And what you're not seeing -- and it's not just D.R. Horton. It's all the builders, much more disciplined. We all went through that downturn. And we didn't enjoy it. So we've got a great market working force today, and it's just a matter of positioning and execution and we do pretty well in that environment.

With the increase in rents that we've seen in the markets, a payment on the -- at 4%, 4.5% is -- even close to 5%, still going to be less than renting a house. So it's -- these are great rates. And what we have seen is that the uncertainty in rates is pushing people off the fence and is actually increasing demand right now. So we're looking at each market individually and positioning within that market to meet our targets. Feel pretty good about it.

We've pushed us into 22 markets. We're actively working on every market we've got introducing the Freedom. It's a little bit different in that setup on the community. The HOA documents are a little more restrictive than what would typically be a Horton community. So it has been a situation where we're having to put lots on the ground to support that brand. It's a huge buyer segment, buyer demographic, and they are much less interest rate-sensitive. So we think it's going to be a significant impact to growth. If not this year, next year, then certainly 3- to 5-year period.

I can tell you where we have put those projects on the ground and executed well, they have outperformed. And I'm very excited about it.

Our operators are very disciplined. I mean, we're not just throwing inventory out there. We plan our spec starts based upon demand within that community and position it to create the most efficiency we can building these houses through the -- on a month-to-month, week-to-week basis. It's part of our overall program and I believe -- we believe that it is the reason we've been able to maintain such stable margins for the past 3, 4 years.

Absolutely.

Buck, the alternative is rents. And if you want to lock in your housing cost, you've pretty much got a home and build some form of equity over time. So it's a strong economy, more money in their pockets. Those are both wins for D.R. Horton.

We get pitched a lot of things from a lot of different people. Right now, we're very happy with the absorptions we're driving, selling to single-family homeowners. And to me, you put too many renters in a community owned by 1 company, you can end up creating problems for the homeowners. So if we -- if that was a way to drive absorption and we were looking to drive absorption, then we probably would think more about it. But right now, today, we like the model we work under and feel like we're offering long-term value to our homeowners and that's a winning combination for us.

Thank you, Kevin. And we appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in April to share our second quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, thank you for a strong first quarter and an outstanding start to 2018. We are proud to represent you up here. Thank you.