Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. Although we are in different locations while practicing social distancing, I am pleased to also be joined on this call by Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Wheat, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
We'd like to first express our gratitude to our country's dedicated field of health care workers and all who are on the front lines caring for our communities. Our thoughts remain with those affected by this pandemic. And before we talk about our second quarter results, I will address current market conditions while we, along with the rest of the world, navigate through the impacts of COVID-19 on the economy and our business operations. 
 
Housing market and economic fundamentals were solid throughout most of the second quarter as interest rates on mortgage loans remained low, new home demand was strong, and there was a limited supply of homes at affordable prices across most of our markets. However, during the latter part of March and into April, the impacts of COVID-19 and related widespread reduction in the economic activity across the United States began to negatively affect our business operations as well as the demand for new homes across all of our markets. We experienced increases in sales cancellations and decreases in sales orders in late March and to date in April as compared to the same period last year. 
In almost all municipalities across the U.S., where social distancing and other restrictions have been implemented, residential construction, lot development, financial services have been designated as essential businesses as part of critical infrastructure. We have continued our operations in those markets where allowed and have made appropriate adjustments to comply with social distancing and other standards as the health, safety of our employees, customers and trade partners is our #1 priority. 
We believe we are well prepared to operate in this uncertain environment with our experienced operating teams, low leverage and a strong liquidity position. We plan to maintain our flexible operations and financial position by generating strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations, limiting land acquisition and land development spending and adjusting our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of the communities based on local housing market conditions. 
 
Our team delivered a strong second quarter during this unprecedented time for our nation and while making significant adjustments to our operational practices in March. Our consolidated pretax income for the quarter increased 34% to $621 million on a 9% increase in revenues to $4.5 billion. Our pretax profit margin improved 260 basis points to 13.8%, and our net sales orders increased 20%. Our homebuilding return on inventory for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, was 20.2%, and our consolidated return on equity for the same period was 19.1%. Mike?

Our second quarter homebuilding investment in lots, land and development totaled $1 billion, of which $460 million was for finished lots, $350 million was for land development, and $230 million was for land. Beginning in late March, we have temporarily stopped our purchase of raw land, and we are closely managing all finished lot purchases and development spending. We are also working closely with our third-party lot developers, including Forestar, to adjust the timing of our takedown schedules to match current demand levels. Mike?

DHI Communities is our multifamily rental company focused on suburban garden-style apartments with operations primarily in Texas, Arizona and Florida. During the quarter, DHI Communities sold an apartment project in Florida for $67 million and recorded a gain on sale of $28.2 million. This was DHI Communities fourth project sale and it was the final sale we were expecting this year. DHI Communities has 3 projects under active construction and 1 project that was substantially complete at the end of the quarter. We are continuing lease-up and construction of these 4 projects but are delaying new acquisitions and deferring starting construction on other projects until we have clear visibility into market conditions. DHI Communities' assets totaled $203 million at March 31. Bill?

In closing, our results reflect the efforts of our  dedicated operational teams who continue to provide homes to families across the United States. We are well positioned to effectively operate in this uncertain environment with our experienced team, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings.  Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to withstand difficult economic conditions and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. 
Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts and positive caring spirit during this unprecedented time have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and creativity and finding ways to safely continue helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.

Carl, this is David. We are responding, I guess, community by community. We've kind of reset expectations on absorption, rerun pace. Again, it kind of gets to the whole thing, but it's to me, it's a flag-by-flag operation. You've got to maintain a certain level of pace, and we've adjusted the incentives to maintain that pace. So reality is Texas, Florida have held up better, given all the constraints. And really after the shock of the first couple of weeks, our people out there have kind of got a rhythm and figured out how to sell houses. And all-in, from my perspective, things are better than I had -- than I was concerned they might be.

Yes. Stephen, I, like everybody else, was a news junkie coming when this thing first broke. And you turn on the President's briefing and the world is going to end, and so you kind of get hunkered down mentality. And as news has come out more and more and more, it just -- you get a sense that  it's not going to be as bad as the initial thought might have been. And -- the key, I guess, to me, there's 2 things that really separate us from everybody else. It's the people we have out there representing the brand, and then it's just the price points. And people want to be in the house right now. And by being affordable, we have more opportunities to put them in a house than our competitors. So that to me is probably the -- the mood of the country seems to have improved significantly over the last 30 days. And our ability to kind of manage the process through systems and communications and just being more comfortable, I think, has given us a lot -- an opportunity to make things happen. But this is unprecedented times.

I  think it's just timing. Everybody wants to --  our sales agents want to see people close, the buyers want to close. You push through on the credit to get to a closing point. And majority -- in this industry, the majority of people close at the last week of the month. And when you're bringing everything to the point of closing, things fall out. And whether it's a cancellation or a push to the next month, that tends to happen. Now the percentage, I don't have any idea. I would -- I mean we have been very purposeful in making sure that our buyers in our backlog are going to be in a position to close. So historically, that number, maybe 15%, 20% the last week, I don't know, maybe a little more. That's just not anything I track. It just -- go ahead, Jessica, sorry.

And I'll just add, even though we're very happy with what we're seeing today, these are uncertain times, and nobody really knows what the ultimate impact of all this is going to be and being in a very liquid, deleveraged, derisked position I think we'll afford a lot of opportunity for -- in the event, there is distressed situation out there down the road. So we're looking at liquidity deleverage as a very strong competitive advantage for us today.

I would just say that this has been an unprecedented event taking place. And we're managing through the process and responding to what we see so far. I would say it has been a better environment because of the -- I think primarily because the way we are positioned with inventory and with a very creative and energized sales force out there. And as we get more clarity, I think we will probably share that with you. But it's just an unprecedented time.

Thank you, Sherry. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in July. And to the D.R. Horton team, stay safe, stay strong. You are proving once again, you're the best in the industry. Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for all you do every day. Have a great day.