Well, good afternoon, and welcome. Thank you for joining us today. It's been 3 months since our last earnings call as the entire world, all of humanity, has been navigating the COVID-19 pandemic through this very dynamic and challenging period.
In times of adversity, values matter. And I'm very proud of how Starbucks partners around the world have responded during this global pandemic united by our mission and values and guided by 3 simple principles: prioritizing the health and well-being of Starbucks partners and the customers we serve, supporting local government and health officials as they work to mitigate and contain the virus and showing up in a responsible and positive way in each and every community we serve. The dedication, agility and positive energy of our partners inspires me. And for that, I am grateful.
Throughout this dynamic period, I believe the combination of principal decision-making and transparency in our communication has built trust: trust with all stakeholders. We've provided Starbucks partners economic certainty through the shutdown while prioritizing their health. As we reopen stores, we created safe, familiar and convenient experiences for our customers. We remain committed to doing so as we adapt the store portfolio to cater to evolving patterns of consumer behavior, including on-the-go consumption, mobile order and pickup, drive-through and contactless pickup and delivery, in accordance with our multiyear strategy, which has been further validated by the unfortunate dynamics created by COVID-19.
We showed up in the community to provide free coffee to the frontline health care workers who have been caring for those in need. We collaborated with our suppliers and, every step of the way, we supported our global license partners in markets around the world. With a strong balance sheet, we took appropriate steps to ensure liquidity and maintained our quarterly dividend payment to shareholders while maintaining flexibility for the future. And we did all of this while continuing to advance our long-term strategy to position Starbucks for continued success.
Trust is earned, and building trust with all stakeholders is a very important attribute of Starbucks. I believe the significant investments we made this quarter have inspired Starbucks partners, strengthened customer loyalty and will pay dividends long into the future as the Starbucks brand is stronger than ever.
On today's call, I will summarize the business recovery results that we are driving as we navigate the current situation and how we are rapidly adapting our business for this new reality. My hope is that from this call, you'll understand and take away 2 important points.
First, our recovery plan is working. With the vast majority of stores around the world now reopened, we saw meaningful improvements in both sales and profitability as the quarter unfolded. Additionally, customer affinity for Starbucks is very strong as demonstrated by improvements in our customer connection scores, growth in customer loyalty and market share gains. Well, we anticipate these improvements to continue, our balance sheet and the strategic actions we have taken to position Starbucks to weather a more protracted disruption in global economic activity. And second, in response to clear shifts in consumer behavior and preferences, we are now accelerating strategic initiatives for the future and positioning Starbucks for continued long-term growth. We have moved aggressively to advance our evolution of the store base to accommodate trends that we have long seen emerging in our business that were only exacerbated by COVID-19.
When taken together, these 2 points indicate a bright future ahead for all stakeholders of the Starbucks Coffee Company.
Let me begin in the U.S. where the recovery accelerated throughout Q3. We exited the quarter with 96% of stores open, up from 44% at the beginning of the quarter. With health and well-being top of mind, we monitored trends and quickly adapted to support our partners and serve our customers safely and responsibly. Through a combination of new store operating protocols and service channels, we were able to amplify a number of contactless experiences for our customers, including drive-through, entryway pickup with Mobile Order & Pay and delivery.
And with new proprietary data-driven decision tools that monitor public health conditions, government guidelines, customer preferences and partner sentiment in real time, we were able to gradually and safely reopen a select number of our U.S. stores for limited seating experiences, expanding to nearly 30% of our U.S. company-operated stores by the end of the quarter. As a result, weekly U.S. comps steadily improved throughout the quarter from the low point, a decline of minus 65% in mid-April, up to minus 16% as we exited Q3. And through all of this, we posted all-time-high customer connection scores.
Looking specifically at the comps of the 3,100 U.S. stores that remained open throughout the entire quarter, those stores improved sequentially from minus 14% comp in May to minus 1% in June to a positive 2% comp for July month-to-date. We have now developed new levels of agility and resilience that position us well for the future with the mindset and capability to safely, effectively and confidently drive our continued recovery. We recognize that markets will experience varying levels of COVID-19 impact until new therapeutics and vaccines are developed, and we are well positioned to navigate this phase of the pandemic.
Today, customers are seeking safe, familiar and convenient experiences in many aspects of their lives. And in that regard, our digital assets have proven to be a competitive advantage. Within the quarter, we saw significant acceleration in the number of customers who downloaded the Starbucks app and joined Starbucks Rewards, totaling 3 million in the quarter and up 17% from Q2. Additionally, engagement with Starbucks Rewards customers outpaced non-Starbucks Rewards members, with year-over-year sales growth from Starbucks Rewards customers turning positive in early July. As a result, Starbucks Rewards, as a percentage of tender in Q3, rose 4 percentage points from a year ago to 46%, which is above the pre-COVID trend, highlighting our success in acquiring new loyalty members as well as reengaging our existing customer base. And finally, customer usage of mobile ordering increased to 22% of total transactions, up 6 percentage points from a year ago.
Although our digital platform continues to be a source of strength, disruption to the weekday morning routines, notably, commuting to work and school, is a headwind we are focused on across the U.S. as we continue to recover our business. We continue to see improvements in the morning peak period as well as some customer occasions shifting to later in the morning daypart. As we see customer visits shifting from urban cafés to suburban drive-throughs, customers are also purchasing multiple beverages and food items on a single order, essentially a group order. These dynamics have contributed to a meaningful increase in average spend per order compared to pre-pandemic levels, leading to 25% average ticket comp growth for the quarter.
As we reopen stores to include mobile orders, entryway pickup and in-store to-go orders, ticket growth moderated and transaction volume increased as the quarter unfolded. Almost 90% of sales volumes in Q3 flowed through the combination of drive-through and Mobile Order & Pay. In addition, with national coverage in the U.S., Starbucks Delivers transactions tripled in Q3 from Q2 levels with the highest volume in the late morning and midday.
All of this indicates that customers are adapting their routines, and we are well positioned to drive further recovery by simply increasing throughput and enhancing those safe, familiar and convenient experiences customers desire. As I will discuss in greater detail later, that is why we are accelerating innovative store formats, like Starbucks pickup and new operating protocols such as curbside delivery, as they align closely with the customer preferences that have evolved as a result of COVID-19.
Let me now move on to China where, at the end of Q3, 99% of stores had reopened with approximately 90% having regular operating hours and over 70% having full seating. Building on the positive recovery momentum from Q2, China demonstrated sequential improvements in monthly comparable sales across Q3, exceeding our expectations for the quarter. In addition to comp sales recovery, we reignited new store development, crossing the 4,400-store milestone with the opening of almost 100 net new stores in the quarter. Mobile order sales mix reached 23% of sales in Q3, with 12% coming from delivery and 11% from Mobile Order & Pay, well above the mid-teens levels we saw pre-COVID.
As digital adoption accelerates in China, we continue to innovate in ways that deepen customer relationships and extend the reach of the Starbucks Experience across a variety of digital platforms and ecosystems. In May, we launched a new WeChat mini program with new functionality for WeChat users, including Starbucks Delivers. And in June, we enhanced the Starbucks Rewards program, introducing a multi-tier redemption system similar to what we rolled out in the U.S. last year. Fueled by these new digital initiatives, we have seen strong sequential growth in active Rewards members. In fact, the Q3 90-day active members increased 25% over Q2 to 9.9 million, representing 9% growth over the prior year.
We are pleased with the progress we are making in China to recover sales. However, we are reminded by the recent resurgence of COVID-19 cases in Beijing and the corresponding actions taken to mitigate the spread that our new normal requires us to monitor the situation in every community, rapidly adapt and innovate in ways that continue to bring more customers into our stores and increase the frequency of those visits. With the differentiated capabilities and strategic advantages we enjoy in China, including our digital partnership with Alibaba and our access to emerging technologies through our co-investment relationship with Sequoia Capital, we are confident that we will substantially recover our sales in China by the end of this calendar year, demonstrating the strength and resilience of the Starbucks brand in our fastest-growing market.
Moving to Channel Development. This has been a quarter where demand for at-home coffee has soared, and our Channel Development business has demonstrated tremendous resilience and gained market share as customers adjust to their at-home routines. In the U.S., Starbucks' share of total packaged coffee grew significantly in Q3, 21% growth in dollar sales, outpacing the coffee category, which grew 13% in the quarter. Our domestic ready-to-drink business grew by 11%, gaining 2 points of share in Q3. Our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, combined with our ready-to-drink partners, including PepsiCo and Tingyi, have extended our ability to meet customers where they are, which is particularly important in the current environment. We are now in 53 markets with the Global Coffee Alliance, more than tripling our at-home coffee presence versus a year ago, and we expect to be in over 60 markets by the end of this fiscal year.
With our near-term business recovery fully in motion and delivering results, let me now focus on how we are leveraging this disruptive period to accelerate value-creating initiatives that further differentiates Starbucks and fuel predictable, sustainable long-term growth. Why is this important? In every industry, there are periods of disruption that create great opportunity for those businesses that adapt to the disruption, invest in relevant ways and strengthen their differentiation and competitive advantage. Those businesses that fail to evolve typically fall behind.
Given the strength of our brand, our advanced digital capabilities and our strong balance sheet, I believe this is one of those rare opportunities to move aggressively and further differentiate Starbucks from our competition. And I will highlight 3 areas where we are doing just that: convenient store formats, digital customer engagement and plant-based menu lines.
Over the years, we have demonstrated a clear track record of reimagining store formats to better serve customers, and we are now reimagining how we further elevate the customer experience by leveraging these various store formats to create a network of stores in a community. Think of this as blending highly complementary store formats throughout a community that collectively better serve the expanding and shifting need states of customers in that community and, thus, increasing revenue in the trade area while optimizing profitability and investment returns.
We have been blending store formats in suburban markets for years where we have complemented traditional Starbucks stores, the third place experience, with drive-through and mobile order pickup experiences that serve customers' need for convenience. We are introducing a simple handheld device to further increase throughput and improve the customer experience. And we are introducing a new curbside pickup experience that will be available in 700 to 1,000 locations by the end of this quarter, which enables incremental customer visits.
In urban core markets where drive-throughs and curbside aren't feasible, we will begin to reposition our store formats to create a blend of traditional Starbucks stores with new Starbucks pickup stores. These stores are built in a smaller footprint and create a familiar and convenient walk-through experience that is very relevant to customers in urban markets. Each of these Starbucks pickup stores will ideally be located within a 3- to 5-minute walk from a traditional Starbucks store, giving customers the flexibility to enjoy their beverage in our store or on the go. We plan to accelerate the development of over 50 of these stores over the next 12 to 18 months with a view to have several hundred in the U.S. over the next 3 to 5 years.
We have also accelerated the rollout of a similar concept in China, Starbucks Now stores, adding 9 new locations in Q3 for a total of 15. We are seeing firsthand the power of integrating physical and digital customer touchpoints to meet customers' growing need for convenience.
In addition to accelerating our store transformation strategy, we are creating new capabilities that expand digital customer engagement. We're having great success bringing new customers on to the app and into the rewards program. We will build on this momentum in the fall when we introduce a new pay-as-you-go option for Starbucks Rewards members in the U.S. and Canada. This significant new addition will open up an invitation to join Starbucks Rewards to a much better audience.
While nearly half of our sales now comes from Rewards members who are preloading their stored value cards, we have heard from many more customers that they would like an option to earn rewards when paying directly with cash, credit, debit and select digital laws. By adding this capability to Starbucks Rewards, we will give customers more ways to pay and earn rewards when using the Starbucks app.
In China, since we began our China digital partnership with Alibaba 2 years ago, we've worked together to deliver innovative digital services to our customers and transform the coffee industry in China. As part of our ongoing partnership, we are expanding our reach to customers across the Chinese mainland by introducing the Starbucks Now Mobile Order & Pay feature to multiple platforms in the Alibaba digital economy, including Taobao; digital mapping and information provider, Amap; local services app, Koubei; and Alipay, which serve a combined user base of nearly 1 billion customers. Through these apps, customers will be able to preorder and pay for their favorite Starbucks beverage and food online and then pick up in person at most Starbucks stores across the Chinese Mainland. Previously, this service was only available through our Starbucks China mobile app. This is a significant step forward, and we value our partnership with Alibaba greatly.
We are listening to our customers and continually seeking ways to make Starbucks more relevant, inviting and uplifting through personalized human connection, the seamless link between the customer experience we create in our stores and the power of the digital customer relationships.
Finally, our recent announcements of plant-based beverage and food innovation through partnerships with Beyond Meat, Impossible and Oakley reflect the fact that customers want more plant-based options. We believe that customers are embracing plant-based choices because they are good, good: good for your health and good for the planet. We are shifting more beverage and food menu items to include plant-based options. Recent examples include cold brew with cinnamon almond milk foam in the U.S. and oat milk versions of 2 signature Starbucks beverages in China: oat milk latte and oak milk matcha latte. Early results from these innovations are very encouraging, so we are accelerating efforts to expand these offerings for our customers and, in the process, making meaningful progress against our planet-positive goals.
Let me close by reinforcing 2 key messages I hope you take away from this call. First, our recovery strategy is working as evidenced by the improving business results across all of our key segments. Second, we have future-proofed our business model and reinforced our balance sheet to enable us to play offense by accelerating key strategic initiatives that further differentiate Starbucks and reinforce the long-term sustainable growth opportunity ahead. Those 2 points reinforce an optimistic view of our future.
Before we conclude this call, I want to thank you all for joining us today. The last several months have been quite unprecedented in regard to public health and commerce, given the impacts of COVID-19. Simultaneously, there is a powerful awakening underway in America to address systemic racism and social inequality, issues that Starbucks has always embraced, believing that we have a role and responsibility to advance positive change. That has never been more true than it is today. The mission and values that unite Starbucks partners continue to help us navigate these complex times and inspire us to promote equity, great opportunities and build resilient communities. And building upon the deliberate actions we have taken to provide a warm, welcoming and safe environment for everyone, our work will not end. This is who we are at our core, and it is what our partners and customers expect of us.
I again thank all Starbucks partners for your commitment, dedication and caring for one another as well as our customers and the communities in which we operate through this pandemic is heartwarming. You are the heartbeat of Starbucks, and I am proud to work in service of you. As always, we look forward to bringing you along our journey to create opportunities and strengthen our communities.
Thank you for your time and attention today and for your ongoing support. Now over to Pat.

Yes. Jeffrey, this is Kevin. I'll take your questions. First of all, I'll start with your second question, China. I think as we see a resurgence of cases, similar to what we've seen in Beijing, that causes a little bit of -- that's what's caused a little bit of the delay by a quarter in China. Not significantly, it was about, I'd say, 4 or 5 weeks. And now Beijing is back on a on a positive trajectory. But because it was such a large market, I think that's what slowed it down. But it has nothing to do, in my opinion, with anything related to the economic, it's more just as a resurgence happens in a large market like that, that we -- when it happens like that, we're able to sort of turn the dial back slightly on the range of customer experiences we serve, true to the principles that we outlined, and we help support government and local health officials as they contain the spread of the virus. They successfully have done that in Beijing. And so then we start turning the dial back up and opening up those customer experiences.
And I think that's a very positive thing because I think, as a company, we've now taken this playbook that was developed in China and adapted for the U.S., and we basically have embedded it into our store protocols and our operating procedures. So that in 32,000 stores around the world, if there happens to be a flare-up in a certain city or a certain portion of a market, the stores in that market have the agility to basically turn the dial down if they need to or turn it back up if things are recovering. And that puts us in a position of confidence in how we can continue to navigate the global pandemic as evolves. And so that was the contributing factor in China.
In terms of recession, I'll leave the predictions of economic growth to the economists. But what we've seen is continued demand for Starbucks. In fact, you look at what we've outlined. The #1 thing we can do to continue to grow our same-store comps and the recovery is basically increase the throughput in the channels that are safe, familiar and convenient. And that's why, for example, we're deploying these handheld point-of-sales. I don't know how many of you have seen a drive-through -- a Starbucks drive-through. There's typically cars lined up and, oftentimes, out to the street. So where we deploy this handheld point-of-sale, we can now have a Starbucks partner out there taking orders, walking through that line of cars, which is going to dramatically increase the throughput at drive-through.
Similar, enabling curbside will open up more customer occasions for us to continue to drive more transactions into our stores. And so I think based on what we're seeing in terms of the demand and by being able to increase throughput in those channels that are viewed as safe and convenient by our customers, that's going to help us on the recovery curve. In terms of should recession -- recessionary periods start to hit, I think we've differentiated ourselves. We've got lots of points of presence. We're serving customers. I think the brand is strong. Our digital reach is strong. And I think we're well positioned to navigate anything that might come our way.

Thanks, Sara. Pat, do you want to take that one?

Yes, David. Thanks for your question or your comments and for your question. Why don't I let Roz describe sort of the initiatives we have focused on, on that morning daypart, and then I'll sort of punctuate a couple of things. So Roz, let me hand it over to you.

Thank you, Roz. I think you hit the right thing. The digital customer relationships, just keep in mind, we just added 3 million new digital customers that registered for the rewards program and being able to communicate with them personally. And then as Roz said, the work they've done on increasing throughput at drive-through and launching curbside, that just opens up new channels. So that's spot-on. Thank you, Roz.

Sharon, we can hear you.

Great. Go ahead, Roz.

Thanks, John. Roz, why don't you take the part of John's question on what we're doing with operating hours and sort of efficiency in the store. And then, Pat, why don't you take the back half of his question on G&A and how that all comes together on the P&L. Roz?

Roz, do you want to take that one?

Thank you, Matt. Roz, why don't you go ahead and take both of those questions, if you could?

Yes, Jon, let me comment. And Roz, I'll let you add anything. I think, look, we've always been really clear that the 3 things that we focus on that really drive our growth is, number one, the customer experience, that's the experience in our stores and these different channels we're talking about; number two is extending that experience in our store to digital customer relationships; and number three is primarily beverage innovation, we're a beverage-first company and then we attach food. And so I think that same formula works whether you work from home or you work from work.
I do think what is the focus right now, until there's a vaccine, we just realized that we've got to focus on those experiences that customers optimize around whether they're working from home or not, which are safe, familiar and convenient. And so our beverage innovation is going to continue to focus on all the great things we've been doing around our cold beverage lineup with cold foam, coffee-forward beverages, our refreshers. All of that is going to continue to move forward. And I don't necessarily see that as being a driver of the fact that people work from home or we have curbside. We're going to continue to innovate in ways that are relevant to our customers, independent of the channel by which they buy from us.
I do think, as Roz pointed out, we're seeing larger ticket. And I think part of that is a function of people work from home, they make a Starbucks run and they buy for the whole family or they're buying more group sort of orders, they're attaching more food. And I think that bodes well for the innovation that we've been driving and announcing around our plant-based offerings. Plant-based is becoming very popular, whether it's plant-based milks or the Impossible breakfast sandwich that we launched in the U.S., the Beyond Meat offerings that we put on the menu in Canada and China. And so our innovation agenda is going to continue to drive around the things that we know are relevant to our customers, things that inspire our partners and stay true to handcrafted beverages. That's what differentiates us. And I think we're going to maintain a focus on those things.
Roz, I'll let -- if there's anything else you want to add. And then Pat who got some comments, too. So let's go to Roz.

Roz, why don't you take the first part, and then Pat will comment.

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start by saying, throughout this quarter, we have navigated the pandemic in a way that I consider very consistent with Starbucks' mission and values. And in many ways, we navigated this by prioritizing the safety and the health and well-being of our partners and the customers we serve. And unlike many, many others in the industry, in April or -- yes, in April, we closed all our stores with the exception of drive-throughs. And that was clearly to provide a safe environment for our partners and as well as the contactless experience for us to handcraft beverages and food items for our customers. During that period, we had significant demand through the drive-through. It was quite amazing the lines and the amount of time the customer would wait in line and drive through to get their Starbucks. And so that was the first indication that there's a very powerful customer affinity to Starbucks even in a global pandemic.
Now as we started reopening stores in May and customers -- we began to -- with mobile ordering and contactless entryway pickup, we continue to see customers coming back to us, clearly, the priority or the customer behavior was around safe, familiar, convenient experiences. So that's why I think we saw such a dramatic increase in the number of app downloads and customers that joined the rewards program because that is the safest way to order. You order on your phone and then you can pick it up contactless or you can get it for delivery. And so that was another indication. So we quickly figure out, if we launch curbside, we're going to get more customers. If we put handheld point-of-sale at the drive-through lines, we get drive-through. When we open our stores for to-go orders or even limited seating, we see customers come back. And yet at the same time, we stay true to the principles that we outlined, which is prioritize the health and well-being of our Starbucks partners, the customers we serve, to also support government, local health officials as they work to contain the spread of the virus and third is to just show up in a positive and responsible way in every community we serve.
Now when I look at the data, our customer connection scores are at an all-time high. And part of that is, I believe, the way that we've navigated this has built trust. It's built trust in our Starbucks partners that we're always going to do the right thing. We put people ahead of profit whether it was providing economic certainty for our partners or ensuring that our customers have safe ways to interact with us. I think that deposit in the reservoir trust is building and strengthening customer affinity. Obviously, the deployment of mobile reach is building more customers that become sticky. They build that relationship with Starbucks. We can communicate with them. We can serve their needs. We can personalize that experience for them. And then the investments we're making to make it easier for customers to have those experience is just -- is continuing to unfold. And we saw that certainly in the month of June where we saw a very good response from customers that helped us exceed expectations on what we would see in sales, and then that's continued in July to progress.
So when I look at the fact that our share in the month of June, we gained share in the month of June, and I'm confident that we're on a path to continue to gain share. So if there's any question that closing stores was going to create a longer-term loss of market share, it's just proven because we saw clearly in the month of May, we did -- we were -- even on share in the month of June, we gained share. And I suspect as we keep doing these things, we're going to continue to gain share. And in the process, customer connection scores are at an all-time high, and our customer affinity that we measure on a regular basis is also very strong. So I think we have line-of-sight visibility to what our customers need and want. And as we deliver that, they respond. And I think the plans that we have in place in accelerating the strategic initiatives are right in the sweet spot of customer -- shifting customer behavior. So I think about this as the investments we made this quarter, we're playing a long game. This is about building trust with our customers and then positioning Starbucks for long-term sustainable growth. And I feel very good about the fact that we're now in a position where we've operationalized these store protocols, and we know how to adapt very rapidly.
And we do that with distributed leadership. 32,000 stores around the world. There's 32,000 store managers. Each one of them is paying attention to what's happening in their community. They have the playbook. They know how to adapt. And so in many ways, where back in March, April, people would describe this as we're navigating a crisis, this global pandemic, well, today, we're not -- this is not a crisis any longer, in my opinion. We are navigating a global pandemic, but we know exactly how to do it. That's woven into the fabric of how we operate, and partners are rising to the occasion. So I feel very good about where we're at. I feel very good about the strategic initiatives, and the data that we see on customer response is spot-on. So that's where we are from where we were 90 days ago when we spoke with you last on the earnings call, and it's all credit to our Starbucks partners. They've done a phenomenal job.

Well, let me just thank all of you for joining us today. My hope is that through this discussion, we've been able to give you a sense of the confidence we have in our ability to navigate this global pandemic. Our recovery strategy is working, and we're accelerating the strategic initiatives that further differentiate Starbucks for the future. We're doing this in a way that is true to our mission and our values. And we're on the front foot right now but also acknowledging that like everyone else in this world, we've got to monitor and adapt and be agile. But I'm very proud of my Starbucks partners, in how they've responded. And I just want to take an opportunity to thank all of you, our stakeholders, for your support, and we look forward to the continued dialogue. So thanks, everybody.