Well, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. As I reflect on this past year, clearly, we have all been through a lot, a lot of trying times and a lot of change. And at a time when society and all of humanity are a bit fragile, I am optimistic because this year holds tremendous promise for healing. I believe Starbucks can play an important role in that healing process, bringing people together to feel connected, supporting our communities in a positive and responsible way and advancing a more equitable and inclusive world.  
It was just 1 year ago this week that we temporarily closed stores across China to protect our partners and customers from the coronavirus. We quickly realized the need to establish a set of principles for navigating this virus to operate safely in a global pandemic and then shared our principles and store protocols with every market around the world. That approach has served us well. And I'm proud to say today, our business in China recovered in Q1 in line with our expectations, and we remain on track to achieve full sales recovery of our U.S. business by the end of Q2.  
This journey has not been linear. And because we have operationalized our ability to monitor events in real time and adapt to the changing conditions store by store, our recovery continues to track slightly ahead of our expectations. Since the start of this pandemic, while being guided by our 3 fundamental principles, our 400,000 Starbucks partners around the world have been well equipped with tools, resources and support to enable quick decision-making at the store level. The agility with which our partners navigated an unprecedentedly complex global situation, while caring for each other and for our customers, leaves me as confident as ever about Starbucks' long-term outlook.  
Last month, when we met for our biennial investor conference, we talked about Starbucks' resilience. There were 3 takeaways from that discussion that I want to iterate as we share this quarter's results. First, our Growth at Scale agenda that we established almost 3 years ago has sharpened our focus, enabled disciplined execution, enhanced our ability to allocate capital to its highest and best uses and unleashed a growth mindset throughout Starbucks. Second, our speed and agility have enabled us to rapidly adapt to changing consumer behaviors and strengthened our competitive position. And third, we have an innovation agenda for our customer experience and for store transformation that positions us well for future growth.  
Now I want to share with you results from Q1 that reinforce our belief that Starbucks is stronger and more resilient than ever. Let me begin in the U.S. Our first quarter comparable store sales of minus 5% in the U.S. improved from the prior quarter's minus 9%. Even with pandemic-related business disruption in the latter half of the quarter with significantly reduced our ability to offer in-store seating, with over 60% of our U.S. company-operated stores offering limited seating as we entered our fiscal Q1, comparable store sales improved in October, building on the momentum we saw in the prior quarter. When COVID-19 cases began to surge mid-quarter, we adjusted our operations to grab and go, in alignment with our principles and in support of regulatory requirements across a number of states. We rapidly adapted and ended the quarter with approximately 40% of our U.S. stores offering limited seating.  
Underpinned by our powerful innovation agenda, our phenomenal Green Apron partners delivered a very strong holiday performance in Q1, building positive momentum on our path to full U.S. comp recovery. Importantly, in Q1, we laid a solid foundation for achieving our fiscal 2021 goals by further advancing the 3 business-driving initiatives fundamental to our Growth at Scale agenda: elevating the customer experience; driving relevant beverage innovation; and expanding digital customer engagement.  
I will now share some notable highlights from Q1 and our traffic-driving initiatives for the balance of fiscal 2021, starting with elevating the customer experience. We believe that many of our customers have adapted to their work- or study-from-home realities. Their Starbucks visit has evolved from the stop on the way to a destination to being the destination worth leaving home for because it is safe, familiar and convenient. 
The work we have done to increase throughput in drive-through, expand our digital reach, enable curbside pickup and expand delivery capabilities was evident in Q1. U.S. stores with drive-throughs saw a slight improvement in out-the-window times and delivered positive comps throughout Q1. They drove over half of net sales in Q1, increasing more than 10% from pre-pandemic levels. These results give us confidence that our targeted initiatives to unlock capacity and enhance the customer experience at our drive-through locations are boosting our business recovery while strengthening our foundation for future growth.  
Our industry-leading mobile app continues to be an important tool for us to elevate the customer experience as a safe, convenient and personalized way to order Starbucks. This quarter, mobile orders represented 25% of U.S. company-operated transactions in Q1, up from 17% before the pandemic, providing clear evidence that our initiatives are resonating with customers. We continue to see average ticket meaningfully higher than pre-pandemic levels, driven by group order. A combination of increased beverage attach, premium beverage mix, increased customization and upsizing, and an all-time high food attachment all drove U.S. ticket growth of approximately 19% in Q1.  
In addition, our seasonal holiday beverage lineup, combined with our creative holiday marketing, created excitement amongst our Green Apron partners and drew customers into our stores. This year, we kicked off holiday with familiar beverages, such as Peppermint Mocha and, of course, Starbucks joyful holiday cups, a 23-year ritual. Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew's tremendous success in last quarter's lineup provided a strong prelude to the December return of the new holiday favorite, Irish Cream Cold Brew. Our cold beverages continued to resonate with customers, led by Iced White Chocolate Mocha, Iced Chai Latte and Vanilla Sweet Cream Cold Brew, with all 3 delivering positive year-on-year growth.  
Food outperformed our expectations in Q1, driven by strength in breakfast wraps, the Impossible Breakfast Sandwich, and holiday bakery items such as the Snowman Cookie and, of course, my grandson's favorite, cake pops.  
Finally, we saw accelerated growth of digital customer relationships and customer engagement, a key highlight of the quarter. Following our successful launch of Stars for Everyone in Q4, Starbucks Rewards achieved phenomenal results in Q1, providing a strong foundation for growth in fiscal 2021 and beyond. Our 90-day active Starbucks Rewards member base, to whom we directly communicate and provide personalized offers, increased by 2.5 million members in Q1 to a record 21.8 million. Now this result surpassed our pre-COVID member base, representing a 15% increase relative to the same quarter in prior year. 
I'm also happy to say that this holiday season, Starbucks Card activations, the cornerstone of our holiday gift program, exceeded our expectations. Starbucks Cards are a customer favorite for holiday gifting and are widely available through our stores and other distribution channels, including digitally. The success of Starbucks Cards illustrates the strong emotional bonds that we've created with customers and the relevance of the Starbucks Experience even in the current environment.  
As the number of active Starbucks Rewards members grew during the quarter, so did their engagement. Rewards customers contributed 50% of U.S. company-operated sales in Q1, up from 43% last year before the onset of COVID-19 and up from 47% in the prior quarter, demonstrating our loyal customers' resilience and affinity for Starbucks. Any way you look at it, our first quarter results were quite strong in the U.S., particularly considering the headwind we faced from the current surge in COVID infections.  
I will now move on to China, our second lead growth market. Building on the positive momentum from the past 2 quarters, the China leadership team delivered another great quarter, which is a testament to our ability to rapidly adapt to changing conditions while focusing on the customer experience, new beverage innovation and continued expansion of digital customer relationships, just as we continue to do in the U.S. We delivered an impressive positive 5% comparable store sales growth in Q1, but what is most remarkable about our recovery in China is the rapid reacceleration of new store development, which is our #1 driver of growth in that market.  
I'm pleased to share that in Q1, we opened almost 160 stores and crossed the 4,800 store milestone. That equates to 13% growth in net new stores over the last 12 months, which is particularly impressive considering that we suspended new store development activities for a couple of months at the onset of the pandemic in China. We entered 15 new cities in the quarter, and stores in these cities are off to a strong start with customer traffic outperforming that of new stores in other cities in China. The performance of these new stores underscores our continued confidence in the long-term growth opportunity for Starbucks in China.  
We continue to dramatically expand digital customer relationships in China through the Starbucks Rewards program, as evidenced by the number of 90-day active Rewards members growing to 15.4 million in Q1, a record increase of 51% versus the prior year and 14% over the previous quarter. In addition, we achieved record sales for this year's Double 11 campaign, which grew by 86% versus last year. And we also set a single-day retail sales record on our Starbucks Rewards members night. 
Member engagement campaigns and additional functionalities launched through our Starbucks app and mini-apps boosted member engagement and frequency throughout the quarter. In fact, with Starbucks Now Mobile Order & Pay services available across 99% of our store base and with Starbucks Delivers in 85% of our store base in China, mobile order sales mix hit a record 30% of the company's China sales, up from 26% in the last quarter, with 14% driven by Starbucks Delivers and 16% from Starbucks Now. Rewards customer engagement continues to grow as mobile ordering has more than doubled in China over the past year. Starbucks remains Chinese consumers' first choice in the away-from-home coffee category and is the most talked-about coffee brand on social media in China. The brand is stronger than ever in our fastest-growing market.  
And finally, a few comments on our Channel Development business. The strategic value of our Channel Development segment in the current environment is clear. The availability of Starbucks products through multiple channels has secured Starbucks' leadership position in the category, acting as a brand amplifier for our specialty coffee retail business. The demand we saw last quarter in Starbucks at-home coffee remained high, boosting our share of the coffee market outside of specialty retail. In the U.S., Starbucks' share of total packaged coffee grew significantly in the quarter, with dollar sales up nearly 14%, nearly twice the category average. 
The Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé has been a powerful partnership. And I'm proud to say that for the first time ever, we finished calendar year 2020 as the #1 coffee brand across the entire coffee category. Think about it. Starbucks is now the #1 coffee brand ahead of all premium and mainstream choices. 
In addition, consumption of our U.S. ready-to-drink coffee products, in partnership with PepsiCo, grew 18% in the quarter. The introduction of ready-to-drink Nitro Cold Brew, which was the #1 innovation in the category last year, exceeded sales expectations. Unsurprisingly, our foodservice business continues to be impacted in the current environment with softness in workplace coffee consumption as well as business and leisure travel, which was partially offset by overall strength in our at-home coffee and ready-to-drink businesses.  
With Nestlé, we entered 4 new markets in the quarter, bringing Starbucks at-home coffee presence through the Global Coffee Alliance to 66 markets in just over 2 years. Overall, we are proud of our alliance with Nestlé and pleased with the accelerated global expansion of the Starbucks brand through our channels business.  
Now before I hand the call over to Pat, I want to close by sharing a perspective and recognizing my Starbucks partners. Throughout this year, Starbucks will celebrate our 50th anniversary as a company. And in that 50 years since 1971, the most important ingredient that has created this iconic company are the Starbucks partners who share a powerful connection to our mission, a mission grounded in human experience and brought to life through our values and company culture. It is those same Starbucks partners who are navigating a global pandemic, caring for one another, creating welcoming experiences for our customers, showing up in our communities, bringing new ideas and accelerating innovation and rapidly adapting to our new reality every step of the way, showing the compassion and courage necessary to transform into this new version of Starbucks, a company that is more resilient, stronger than ever and fully committed to a bright future full of adventure, growth and positive impact on those we touch. 
And as markets around the world work tirelessly to vaccinate billions of people, we are prepared for what can only be described as the great human reconnection where people once again connect with others face to face, to heal, to belong, to reflect, to share and to celebrate, to celebrate what it means to be part of humanity. And as Starbucks partners, we are here for that great human reconnection where our third place environment once again brings people together if even for a brief moment to uplift our customers with a smile, a personal connection, a handcrafted beverage and a place where all are welcome. Starbucks was built for this moment. 
And to my Starbucks partners around the world, we all know that our purpose goes far beyond the pursuit of profit. This is our moment, and I am proud to be your partner and grateful for everything you do for Starbucks, for each other, for our customers and for the communities we are all a part of. I am optimistic about our shared future, and I want to say thank you.  
Now before he walks you through our Q1 results, I want to close by sharing my sincere gratitude for Pat Grismer. He has helped lead us through unprecedented change and transformative growth at an amazing pace in his time with Starbucks, and he has played an instrumental role in unlocking considerable shareholder value over the past 2 years. I appreciate Pat's partnership with the entire leadership team at Starbucks and the lasting legacy he's leaving. Pat, as you prepare to retire, I want to thank you and wish you the very best in your next chapter. You leave the company in the great hands of a 16-year partner, Rachel Ruggeri, who is incredibly well positioned to assume the mantle of Starbucks' Chief Financial Officer on February 1. Having worked closely together for many years, I look forward to partnering with you, Rachel, as you lead our finance function and contribute as a valuable partner on our executive leadership team.  
Further, as you all may have seen today, Roz has accepted an incredible opportunity as chief executive officer at another publicly traded company. She will be leaving Starbucks at the end of February, and her next role is expected to be disclosed in the days ahead. In the meantime, I want to share that we're very excited for her and are grateful for her many contributions over the years in leading our operations across the Americas. Roz, on behalf of the entire leadership team, I want to thank you for your leadership and wish you every success in your new role. Congratulations.  
With these shifts, I am immensely proud to have a very strong bench of Starbucks veterans who represent the next generation of leadership for our company. Rachel Ruggeri succeeding Pat as CFO; and as we flatten the organization, Rossann Williams, President of our North America Retail business; and Brady Brewer, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, will now be reporting directly to me, taking on what have previously been responsibilities of our Chief Operating Officer. Combined, these 3 talented leaders have more than 45 years of Starbucks experience, and we will not miss a beat. Rachel, Rossann and Brady, building on your passion, authenticity and many years of success at Starbucks, I am excited about our next phase of Starbucks growth together. I'd like to thank all of my partners for their support as we are well positioned for the future.  
And now with that, I will turn the call over to Pat. Pat?

Yes. John, this is Kevin. Let me share a perspective on that. First of all, a big reason for the increase in ticket is group ordering. And certainly, as we have grab and go and customers are looking for safe, familiar, convenient experiences, customers are coming in and they're purchasing multiple beverages, multiple food items for larger groups than in the past, which is why traffic is down and ticket is up. 
That said, I think as we start reopening seating in our stores, as vaccinations continue to propagate around the world, we're going to see that normalize, but I do think there's going to be a long-term positive impact on ticket. I do think through this period, I think customers have gotten very used to more premium beverages, more -- higher degree of food attach. And I think -- I don't -- I actually think ticket will make -- will come out of this higher than it was when we went into it while transactions recovered. Now how long that takes? I think that's a function of how vaccinations unfold in different markets around the world and how quickly people get back to more normal foot traffic patterns and more normal work and school patterns. 
And let me just ask if -- Roz, if you want to add any additional perspective on that as it relates to the U.S.

Pat, you want to take the second part of John's question?

Yes. Roz, why don't you take that and go through a little bit of the initiatives that we've done to increase throughput on the different channels and then maybe I'll comment, but why don't I let you take that question?

Thanks, John. Roz, why don't you take the first question that John asked? And then Pat will follow up on the second question that he asked.

Sara, thanks for the questions. Maybe John, I'll have you talk a little bit about what's happening in China, new store growth and how we continue to drive China. Then let's go to Pat. Pat can reinforce kind of our view on the long-term growth model for China that we outlined at the Investor Day in December.

Yes. Jeffrey, thanks for your questions. Let me kind of lead off with the perspective, and then I'll hand over to Pat to put some numbers around it. But fundamentally, look, we believe in investing in our partners. It is our Green Apron partners who create that experience for our customers. And so we know when we invest in our partners and put them in the position to do the best job they can in serving our customers that our customer connection scores go up and our traffic goes up and our sales go up. There's a direct correlation between investment in partners, customer connection scores and traffic increase. And I think that's the first thing to note. So -- and that's why you saw us make a fairly significant increase in wage and benefits here in the U.S. as we went into this fiscal year. 
Second, then we find ways to help offset some of that in 2 ways. Number one is just productivity and throughput. We have a 20,000 square foot Tryer Center. We call it our Tryer Center. And think of it as a Silicon Valley incubation lab right downstairs here in Seattle. And we have some of the world's best, human-centered design engineers that work down there with our partners to find ways to help them improve that productivity. Oftentimes, it has to do with the store layout. Oftentimes, it has to do with the equipment, what kinds of ovens, what's the -- how can we make things easier for partners to do their jobs. And so that helps offset some of that increase in wage. And then the other is automating administrative tasks, things that -- whether it's -- we've got Deep Brew helping automate inventory management stores, helping reduce the amount of time that partners have to count inventory and fill out forms, and now technology is playing a role doing that. 
Other examples. Our Mastrena 2 machines that we're putting in our stores have -- are instrumented with Internet of Things sensors in them. And those sensors, every shot of espresso, it sends telemetry data back to our data center. And through machine learning, we can predict when one of our Mastrena machines needs to be maintained or needs to be cleaned or calibrated. And by doing that, we prevent the situation where perhaps a partner comes to open the store in the morning and one of the Mastrena machines is down. So technology to automate administrative tasks that help provide the best environment for our partners to do what they do best, which is handcrafted beverages and connecting with our customers, and then the way that we get productivity by just thinking about the human-centered design experience we create for partners in the stores, that helps to offset the increase. 
And Pat, I'll hand to you to help add a little bit more numerics around that.

Yes. Andrew, thanks for the question. Certainly, with -- on the CFO side, Rachel has been a long-term Starbucks partner in our finance organization and supporting the Americas. She is fully up to speed on Starbucks and all things related to driving this business, and so great confidence there. And in Roz' organization, as I flatten the organization, I'm going to take Rossann Williams and Brady Brewer direct to me. Rossann has been running our U.S. North American business now for over 2 years, doing a great job on that. And Brady is our Chief Marketing Officer. So certainly, I think that stability of leaders running North America and the stability of Rachel and her knowledge of the Americas and stepping into the global CFO role gives me great confidence. 
And I'll say this. We've got a very strong bench of talent in Starbucks. And what you're seeing is the next generation of leadership stepping into these roles. And I've got great confidence in them. So certainly, I'm going to continue to do what I do, which is we work as a leadership team. We work together as a team based on trust, transparency and teamwork. And these leaders, Rossann and Brady, have been on the executive leadership team now for over a year. Rachel will join us on the leadership team but we won't miss a beat. 
And very grateful to both Pat and Roz for their contribution because not only did they contribute, but they also built great successors in their roles, and I'm very grateful.

Yes. Dennis, thanks for your question. Let me share our perspective, and then Roz, I'll hand you to add a bit more from the U.S. perspective. But Dennis, strategically, we are a beverage-first company. We are in the business of handcrafted beverages, personalized for each and every customer around coffee and tea. And it's that experience we create around handcrafted beverages. And that's why we amplify -- we talk about our innovation. It's around customer experience, it's around relevant new beverage innovation, and it's around digital customer relationships. And by focusing and understanding that we are a beverage-first company that what we do is create that experience around those handcrafted beverages has been very important in the growth that we've been driving. And so we talk about that a lot. We focus on that a lot because that is, at the end of the day, what is a significant differentiator for Starbucks. 
Now we then attach food. And so I'm not saying food is not important, but we're very clear strategically, the most important thing is to be on the front foot and innovate and drive those relevant beverage platforms and then differentiate through the fact that our Starbucks partners in our stores handcraft those beverages personally for each and every customer, and then we attach food. 
Now when we attach food, our R&D teams have been very thoughtful about how to have the food menu be relevant to the dayparts and to the beverages that we sell. And they've done a phenomenal job with that over the years. And if I were to say what is the -- probably the most dominant shift in consumer behavior is this whole shift to plant-based. And that is a shift both in beverage and in food. On the beverage side, this is why we've introduced all the alternative milks, whether it's almond milk, soy milk, oat milk. All of that's important. And then on the food side, you see what we've done with things like the Impossible Sausage Breakfast Sandwich, and you're seeing more and more plant-based proteins in our food menu. And in fact, we have one Starbucks store here in the Seattle area that we've gone to 100% plant-based food menu. We use that as sort of a test area when we innovate, create things here in our support center, the Tryer Center. We test in that store. So if I think about both beverage and food, the #1 trend that I would highlight there is just the consumer shift and consumer preferences around plant-based.  
And Roz, let me hand it to you. You might have some additional numbers and color to add to that. But I think at a macro level, those are the 2 most important points, I think, Dennis.

Jon, thanks for your questions. We'll have Pat take the first clarification that you asked for, and then John Culver will comment on China loyalty member behaviors.

Well, I want to thank you all for joining us today, and I also want to invite you to join us on March 17 for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. It will be a virtual meeting when we will celebrate Starbucks and reflect on our journey over the last 50 years since the founding of the company in 1971, while at the same time looking forward to a very bright future. And we hope you enjoy -- that you join us for that virtual meeting, and we look forward to seeing you -- or participating with you on March 17. Thank you, everybody.