Well, thank you, Tom, and welcome, everyone. Starbucks reported another quarter of record financial results in Q1 of fiscal 2018, highlighted by continued acceleration in our China/Asia Pacific segment. On today's call, I will provide an overview of company-wide performance in Q1 with a particular emphasis on our 2 unique and powerful global growth engines: our retail businesses in the U.S. and China. I'll then turn the call over to Scott, who will provide further detail on segment performance and an update on the impact of the new tax law. 
For the quarter, Starbucks delivered record revenues of $6.1 billion, a non-GAAP operating income margin of 19.2% and a non-GAAP EPS of $0.65 per share. And we opened 700 net new stores globally, with our newest class of stores continuing to deliver industry-leading returns and higher AUVs than the immediate prior class. China, once again, our fastest-growing market in Q1 with 6% comp growth, driven entirely by increased transactions and 30% revenue growth. Customers' response to our Shanghai Roastery has been extraordinary, and the Roastery is already performing well above expectation. I'll share more details around Starbucks' plans to maximize our opportunity in China in a moment, but let me start the call with an update on our U.S. business in Q1. 
We ended Q1 with 6% revenue growth and 2% comp growth in the U.S. Continued strength in throughput at peak and strong digital performance were noteworthy highlights in the quarter. But we recognized that overall, our U.S. operating performance fell short of expectation. We have isolated the drivers of our Q1 underperformance, and I want to take you through both the details and the corresponding actions we are taking. 
Through the first half of the quarter, our U.S. comps were 3%, with strong performance at peak more than offsetting some softness in the afternoon. But as we launched our holiday program in mid-November, we saw a slowdown in transaction comps, bringing total comps for the back half of the quarter to roughly 1%, with transaction comps slightly negative. Even though we grew operating income, these developments contributed to margin compression we experienced in the U.S. compared to Q1 a year ago. 
The decline in transaction comp was primarily driven by 2 factors. First, while traditionally contributing to Q1 comp growth, our limited-time holiday beverages, holiday gift cards and holiday merchandise available for purchase in our stores' lobby underperformed in Q1. Holiday LTOs and merchandise did not resonate with our customers as planned. 
Let me be more specific. In Q1, our food comp was 2%. Our core beverage comp, excluding holiday limited-time offerings, was 1%. And together, our holiday LTO and lobby items had a negative impact of over 1 point of comp. We are aggressively rationalizing our merchandise approach in conjunction with the transformation of our lobby strategy going forward. 
Second, the challenge we have discussed with you over the past several quarters involving softness in visits by occasional non-Starbucks Rewards customers, a challenge likely exacerbated by the traditional changes in customer routines and traffic patterns during holiday, continued with our afternoon and evening dayparts, typically catering to less-frequent customers and second visits from more frequent customers coming under increased pressure as the quarter progressed. 
Another proof point of changes in holiday routines was negative mall store comp performance, several points below non-mall locations as we moved through the quarter. As a reminder, mall stores comprise only 6% of our U.S. company-operated locations. 
We have a clear understanding of the issue and are accountable to fix it, just as we did with throughput at peak. The strength of our core customers, the performance of our business through the morning and lunch daypart and upcoming food, beverage and digital innovation gives us confidence that we will be successful in doing so. 
Let me now share our plans for bringing the business to targeted levels of revenue growth, operating performance and profitability through the lens of the 6 operational priorities we set out for you last year. These priorities remain the drivers of our growth, and they will enable a turning of our U.S. business. Our commitment to these priorities is unwavering. 
Let me start with our efforts to accelerate U.S. comps across all dayparts. We continue to reap the benefits of the success of our efforts to increase throughput at peak. Specifically, our highest peak volume stores continued to out-comp the average for our U.S. portfolio overall, with efforts around staffing, technology and lean principles all yielding measurable results. We've now seen 3 successive quarters of sustained positive comp growth at peak and believe that planned enhancements will continue this trend and are encouraged by our ability to have so quickly rallied our store partners, equipped them with the tools, technology and resources to successfully improve operations. We will apply the same disciplined approach to improve performance in the afternoon daypart and have identified a number of key operational actions that are underway. We are focused on elevating the Starbucks Experience in the afternoon daypart as store partners sharpen operational focus and tune staffing and scheduling, simplification processes and leverage improved routines and lean techniques. 
We are also driving continued innovation in food and beverage. Our Mercato fresh food menu is continuing to perform well in Seattle and Chicago, the 2 markets we launched last year, and we are planning to deploy Mercato in at least 6 new markets in fiscal '18. 
We recently launched Blonde Espresso Roast. This is the first time we've offered a second Espresso roast in our stores. We believe this roast is appealing to a broad audience seeking a lighter, sweeter Espresso experience. We have a big opportunity to leverage our core beverage platforms, particularly in iced coffee, tea, Cold Brew and draft beverages, all of which skewed toward the afternoon. In response to strong customer demand, we are accelerating the rollout of Nitro Cold Brew from 1,300 stores currently to 2,300 stores in the U.S. by the end of the year. We have seen approximately 1 point of additional comp growth in stores offering Nitro Cold Brew during 2017. Nitro also provides the foundation for a broader platform of draft beverages that expand beyond coffee to include alternative milks and tea-based Nitro-infused beverages. 
Our plant-based beverage platform continues to expand, leveraging almond, coconut and soymilk alternatives. Our refreshment platform, including tea and Starbucks Refreshers, contributed comp growth again this quarter. These beverage platforms also align with our focus on the afternoon occasion. 
In addition to food and beverage innovation, we continue to accelerate the power and momentum of our Digital Flywheel, an initiative that has taken on added significance as we look to materially expand our universe of digitally connected Starbucks customers beyond only Rewards members. 
Let me touch on 5 developments that underscore the progress we made against this priority in Q1. We added over 1.4 million active Starbucks Rewards members in the U.S., up 11% year-over-year and now have 14.2 million active members. Mobile payment in the U.S. has grown to over 30% of total tender. The ubiquity of mobile and credit card payment is enabling us to begin an exploration of cashless stores in the U.S. We expect payment methods will continue to evolve with acceptance increasingly becoming the global currency of the future. Building on partnerships with companies like Chase, Tencent, Alibaba and others enables us to explore new ideas that leverage our digital assets, global retail footprint and global customer base with the digital payment platforms of today while also monitoring the landscape of potential payment platforms of the future. 
Through our Rewards program, we continue to drive increases in per-member spend by leveraging personalized offerings and suggested selling to our customers. By expanding capacity at peak, we have now the ability to offer Mobile Order & Pay to our non-Rewards customers and will begin accelerating the ramp-up of Mobile Order & Pay to all customers beginning in March. We are accelerating our marketing engagement to expand digital customer relationships this quarter. 
Here are some examples of actions underway. In partnership with Chase and Visa, we are launching a co-branded credit card in February. These customers will earn Stars at an accelerated rate at Starbucks as well as earn Stars everywhere else they shop. In April, also with Chase and Visa, we are launching a co-branded store value card targeted to customers who don't want or can't qualify for credit cards. This card will also let customers earn Stars wherever Visa is accepted.
In March, we are launching a significant marketing initiative to sign up customers for special offers outside of Starbucks Rewards. With only 14 million of the 75 million-or-so unique customers who visit us each month signed up for Rewards, we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage our new digital technologies to initiate and advance additional direct digital relationships. By the end of the fiscal year, we expect to establish millions of incremental digital customer relationships outside of Starbucks Rewards, giving us an entirely new direct marketing capability to a vast customer audience. We will update you on progress of our digital expansion initiatives as we move through the year. 
Today, our U.S. business is a key driver of Starbucks' overall financial performance. And while we faced challenges in Q1 with holiday merchandise and LTOs, we are making progress against clear and consistent priorities, with total customer transactions across new and existing stores up 5% year-on-year. 
Last year, we successfully dealt with our morning daypart and peak throughput issues, and we are applying the same rigor to addressing the occasional customer and the afternoon daypart issues. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we tune our U.S. retail growth engine to continue delivering industry-leading growth, profitability and return on investment long into the future. 
Enabling long-term growth in China is a key priority as it now represents our second largest and consistently our fastest-growing market. Starbucks has been operating outside of North America since the opening of our first store in Japan in 1996. Today, we operate half of our stores, nearly 14,000, in 75 markets outside the U.S. The growing relevance and success of our international business, and specifically our business in China, has emerged as a growth driver that is rapidly moving us beyond our long-standing dependence on our U.S. business for needle-moving growth. Today, we have 2 powerful, independent but complementary engines driving Starbucks' global growth with a long-term opportunity clearly visible in China. 
Starbucks has cracked the code on China, and no Western consumer brand is better positioned than Starbucks in China. You have to experience our business in China for yourself to fully appreciate it, but we are much more than simply a coffee retailer as our world-leading financial and operating performance attest. 
Let me share a few metrics that underscore the size of Starbucks China opportunity. In 2014, China's GDP totaled $11 trillion, and many economists expect it to exceed $15 trillion by 2021. Rapid GDP growth is fueling a massive increase in China's middle class, expected to reach 600 million consumers by 2021, up 100% from 3 years ago and almost twice the size of the total U.S. population. 
From an investment thesis, we have best-in-class unit economics, decades of whitespace to grow in both physical and digital retail, the most trusted brick-and-mortar brand in the market and a world-class management team. And we are in the nascent stages of building a business that will continue to deliver an increased portion of our revenue and operating income growth. The deep respect we have for our customers and partners in China and that our customers and partners in China have for the Starbucks brand and each other have resulted in rapid sustained customer and market growth. And the strong underlying revenue and profit trends of the past will drive the many decades of growth on the horizon. 
Leveraging our Digital Flywheel continues to represent a huge opportunity and unlock for us China. Since launching WeChat Pay 1 year ago and adding Alipay in September, digital payments have increased to over 60% of total tender. 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members now total over 6 million, and our e-commerce and social gifting in China represented nearly 20 million in Q1, up threefold from a year ago. These are the reasons we felt comfortable doubling down on China through the East China acquisition, a transaction we closed in December. East China is now being integrated into our company-operated business, enabling us to benefit and to further leverage Belinda Wong's world-class China management team as well as the scale economics that come with it. As we complete the integration of East China, we will look to further accelerate our new store growth in China. I have no doubt that 1 day, Starbucks will have more stores in China than we have in the U.S., and it's the reason we selected Shanghai for Starbucks' first international Roastery, highlighting our fifth operating priority: elevating the Starbucks Experience through Roasteries and Reserve.
Starbucks Shanghai Roastery opened only last month, providing further evidence of our future opportunity in China and is among the crowning achievements in the company's history. Customers, in some cases, are lined up for hours to enter the Roastery and be taken on an immersive, multisensory coffee, food and tea journey. On its very first day of operation, the Shanghai Roastery became the highest-grossing Starbucks store in the world, averaging more than double the number of transactions of our highly successful Seattle Roastery and with an average ticket of $29. The unparalleled retail experience delivered by the Shanghai Roastery will enable us to serve well over 1 million customers every year, at the same time, amplifies and elevates the Starbucks brand across China and CAP overall.
Noteworthy is that our Starbucks Roastery in Seattle continues to delight customers and drive double-digit comps. In November, we opened the Princi bakery and café in the Seattle Roastery and are already seeing significant lift to total food sales. The Princi bakery and café in the Shanghai Roastery is also driving significant customer engagement and revenue. The artisan nature and high quality of Princi baked goods are resonating loudly with our customers, and we see a major opportunity to increase sales of Princi food beyond Roasteries. We are now venturing into building stand-alone Princi bakeries, complete with Starbucks Reserve coffee and coffee bars. These stores will feature Reserve coffees, Princi food and designed with the elements of the Roastery design and product experience for customers and markets across the globe. Starbucks Roasteries, Starbucks Reserve brand and Princi, operations that we refer to collectively as Siren Retail, remain central to our innovation capabilities and our strategy of maintaining our leadership position as the leading premium coffee retailer. 
We currently have 4 Roasteries under construction and the potential opportunity for Princi bakeries with Reserve coffee over the next decade. The opportunity is significant as we are off to an excellent beginning to what we believe is an emerging food revenue and profit stream over time. 
As we pursue our Starbucks Reserve strategy, we benefit from the decades of experience that Howard brings to this business. As Tom mentioned, Howard is joining the call today from Milan, where he's working on our next international Roastery, and he's available to share his thoughts during Q&A. 
Our channels business is focused on our sixth operational priority of gaining share of at-home coffee. Scott will cover this in more detail. But in Q1, we grew share in the premium single-serve and packaged coffee categories to a record level despite an increasingly competitive environment. We have built a powerful CPG business in the U.S. and are committed to leveraging that business to create additional shareholder value going forward. 
While we invest in the priorities I've outlined, we also continue to make progress against our efforts to streamline the company. Besides completing the East China acquisition, in Q1, we also closed on the sale of Tazo to Unilever, transitioned Taiwan to a licensed market and continued to close Teavana retail stores in Canada and the U.S. We plan to have all U.S. and Canada Teavana stores closed by the end of this month. 
Going forward, you may expect us to take additional actions to further streamline the company and unlock value. 
A few final points. While we recognize that our revenue comp and EPS performance in Q1 fell short of both our current quarter and long-term guidance, I want to make clear that our commitment to our long-term growth targets and strategy, including our commitment to returning $15 billion to shareholders over the next 3 years in the form of dividends and buybacks, is unwavering. We have sight line on the areas that need to be addressed in our U.S. business, and Roz Brewer and her team are aggressively pursuing the improvement plans I shared with you today. And I assure you that we are just embarking on what will ultimately prove to be the most powerful and compelling growth opportunity in Starbucks history, China. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. Scott?

And Sara, this is Kevin. Let me take your second question about share or cannibalization. I mean, the short answer is no, and let me share the data with you that leads us to that conclusion. Certainly, we look at many external data sources to inform us of macro trends in away-from-home coffee and certainly away-from-home food and beverage. Those trends would suggest that overall daily customer occasions in food and beverage are relatively flat. Now when we triangulate those data points with the fact that we grew total customer occasions across existing stores and new stores by 5% this quarter, that would imply that we are growing transactions faster than the market and taking some share. Now the better view that we have is when we look at the micro trading areas. Now this is where we have our own analytics, where we look at micro trading area that provides us data on traffic patterns. And whenever we build a new store in that trading area, we have predictive analytics to tell us what we think will happen, and then we have post analytics to tell us what actually happened. The data suggests that when we build a new store in a trading area, we see increased customer occasions per Starbucks. When a competitor builds a new store at a micro trading area, our data shows little to no impact on Starbucks traffic in that micro trading area. Now certainly, a similar dynamic exists when a competitor runs a product or pricing promotion or schedule at a trading area. And we look at these micro trading areas very carefully, and so that's a data-driven analysis. So when you triangulate these 2 data points, it's evidence that we're not losing share to competition, and it's evidence that we're not cannibalizing as we build new stores. And so that's how we think about it.

Yes, I agree with that. The only thing I would add is just be careful not to over-rotate just looking at the U.S. China is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the growth agenda and contributing a larger and larger percentage of our operating income growth. The 30% growth that we saw in China this last quarter, we just closed on East China, the Shanghai Roastery. And so I think you need to look at both these growth engines when you consider the overall enterprise P&L.

Yes please, Howard. Yes, go ahead.

Yes, John. This is Kevin. I'll take your first question, and I'll let Scott take the second one. When you think about our customer patterns, it's first important to note that our core customer, and especially in that morning daypart, is very strong. And that's just reflective of the increased throughput at peak that we've driven and I would say the digital growth that we've seen. So core customers, morning daypart, daily ritual, throughput at peak, strong, and that's beverage, food attach strong. Number two, what we're calling the occasional customers, in some ways you could say are those non-Rewards customers or noncore. Now the fact that we've grown active Rewards by 11% means we're attracting more and more of the occasional customer into Rewards. So part of the reason you see that comp you say, "Oh, well, our occasional customers aren't growing." That's because a lot of them are joining Rewards. And the more we get them in that digital ecosystem, the better. Because now we can communicate directly with them. We can personalize offers that are contextually relevant to them. We can do so much more to create a great experience for those customers when we have digital combined with our brick-and-mortar experience. So then number three, you say, "Okay, but those customers who haven't joined Rewards, what's happening with occasional customers?" Now a lot -- we have a higher volume of occasional customers in the afternoon. And in many ways, you think about the morning daypart, and a lot of that is really driving the need state of convenience as customers are getting their beverages and food on their way to work or school or some activity. What we find in the afternoon is a customer occasion that's more about the third place. And so in many ways, the opportunities we have to continue to enhance the experience in the third place, drive innovation around food and beverage that resonates in the afternoon. And as Matt said, the #1 thing we could do is now connect with those occasional customers in a digital way. And so that's what we see happening, and that's why the plans that we have are geared exactly to that. Roz, do you want to touch upon sort of the plans that we have driving those 3 pillars?

Yes, Jeffrey. This is Kevin. Look, we haven't gone into some deep study of how much did this increase consumer discretionary spend, and we haven't factored any of that into the future view. I mean, logically, you could draw a conclusion that increased discretionary income would increase spending on consumer items, including food and beverage, and that could be good for us. But being candid, we haven't studied that, and I don't have any models or insights to share with you other than just general intuition, if consumers have more money, then that must be good for consumer spending.

Yes, Karen. This is Kevin, let me start, and then I'll hand off to Scott to add to this. But clearly, when we looked at the tax reform and thought about the principles around this, the first principle we had is this doesn't change our strategy. Our strategy's our strategy. We're clear on what we're doing. We're clear on the priorities we have. And so just because the tax law changed, that doesn't alter our strategy. That was principle #1. Principle #2 though was looking at the implications to Starbucks of that tax change and making a thoughtful decision around allocation of resource. Is the resource we could allocate to our existing strategy that we thought would help us accelerate progress against it? And then how do we make sure -- and so -- and that principle was the second principle. The third was how do we make sure we do this in a balanced way. Are we investing in the things that are creating shareholder value? And for the majority of this, it's going to drop to the bottom line and go straight to EPS. So when we put that together, the #1 area that you look at over the last several years that's been an ongoing multiyear strategy is our investment in partners and digital. And the bulk of that investment has gone into partners around things like wage and benefits, just knowing that, certainly, as -- with unemployment low and with competing for the right kinds of talent, there's going to continue to be the need for us to invest in our partners. And we know, in investing in our partners, that we're able to attract the right people and we're able to have a lower attrition and longer tenure than others in the industry, which helps us better connect with customers and helps us drive sales. So we know that's a good investment to make. In addition, we know and have line of sight to the return on investment on certain digital projects. And so that is the work we went through to determine what -- in the opportunity to make some additional investments in our partners, from some of the benefits in wage and to accelerate the progress on some of these digital projects that lead directly to the way that we know we can connect with customers and drive comp and drive revenue profit. And so that's kind of the principles and the construct that we came up with. And I'll let Scott then take it from there in terms of the implications financially.

Howard, go ahead.

Thanks, Howard. Scott, do you want to -- the second part of Karen's question was on the investments that we're already making.