Well, thank you, Durga, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased to share with you today another quarter of solid operating results at Starbucks, demonstrating that our growth at scale agenda is working. This agenda is enabling more consistent predictable results through focus and disciplined execution. Q2 was another solid quarter where we executed well against our long-term strategic priorities. 
We sustained positive sales momentum in the U.S., delivering a 4% sales comp and a second consecutive quarter of slightly positive transaction growth. We drove sequential improvement in China sales comp at 3%, with a meaningful increase in transaction comp as well while continuing the rapid expansion of our store base. We opened our 30,000th store globally and maintained a pace of 7% worldwide net store growth over the past 12 months, which is industry leading for a company of our scale. 
Through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, we expanded our CPG presence into 6 new markets and launched Starbucks Coffee on the Nespresso and Dolce Gusto single-serve platforms. And we realized meaningful results from our continued focus on disciplined cost reduction, which help to mitigate the margin-dilutive impact of significant investments made over the past year. Now these results are a testament to the strength of the Starbucks brand and the power of our customer partner connections, which are important sources of competitive advantage throughout the 78 markets where we collectively serve more than 100 million customer occasions each week. 
We are managing the business for long-term growth and value creation by staying true to the mission and values that built this great company, while at the same time, embracing new ideas and innovating in ways that are relevant to our customers, inspiring to our partners and meaningful to our business. We believe this is what builds an enduring company. 
Our streamlined efforts over the past 2 years have enabled us to focus more of our resources and management attention on the core drivers of our business and then execute with discipline. We are making meaningful progress against our 3 key strategic priorities: accelerating growth in our 2 target long-term growth markets, the U.S. and China; expanding the global reach of our brand through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé; and increasing shareholder returns. 
Streamlined is all about simplifying our business while adopting new ways of working so that we can respond to customers' evolving needs with greater speed and agility and deliver more sustainable and predictable financial outcomes. As evidenced by the past 3 quarters' results, our streamlined strategy is working. 
One way that we are streamlining our business is by consolidating our company ownership positions, most recently focusing on Europe. In fact, I was in Europe last week meeting with our license partners, including Alsea to whom we successfully transitioned our company-operated stores in France and the Netherlands in Q2. Following this transaction, our EMEA segment is now almost 90% licensed. We will continue to evaluate our global store ownership footprint for opportunities to further optimize our portfolio, improve profitability and unlock shareholder value without sacrificing growth. 
Over the past 9 months, our streamline activities have also fundamentally transformed the way we work to drive a more rapid pace of innovation throughout the company. We started our journey in September, restructuring leadership to better support our retail stores and align with our long-term priorities. We also started to change the way we work to accelerate innovation by embracing modern-day methodologies, including human-centered design that amplifies focus on a customer, smaller cross-functional teams that go from idea to action in 100 days and then learn and adapt and new applications of machine learning that support various aspects of our business. 
We also consolidated and centralized our customer and partner research capabilities to provide a single source of quantitative and qualitative insights to informed decisions across the company. With clearly defined priorities informed by customer research, our teams are working on a number of innovation projects in our trial lab in Seattle. The trial lab is a new space that we created complete with all of the assets needed to ideate, prototype and benchmark new store design concepts, in-store equipment, store operations and many other projects. This new lab enables cross-functional teams to develop a wide range of innovation that is enabling us to constantly improve the customer partner experience in our stores. 
Collectively, these actions are accelerating the pace of innovation and driving the improving business results that we've reported in recent quarters while also building a pipeline of future ideas in the areas of store design, beverage platforms and customer experience. 
I will now highlight the progress we're making against each of our strategic priorities, starting in the U.S., where we focused on 3 key drivers of growth: enhancing the in-store experience, delivering beverage innovation and driving digital relationships. Enhancing the in-store experience encompasses building customer connections and creating those best moments that keep customers coming back time and time again. We saw continued improvement in our customer connection scores this quarter, driven by the actions we are taking to enable our store partners to better connect with customers. This reinforces our actions are working. 
Our efforts in the area of beverage innovation also paid off in Q2, with continued momentum in cold beverage platforms across multiple dayparts supported only with a social media strategy that was the second most viral Starbucks campaign ever. Cloud macchiato launched in March to great success, exceeding our expectations and driving incremental customer occasions. We also received a very strong customer response to our matcha beverage platform. And finally, during the second quarter, we crossed the 50% mark for the deployment of Nitro Cold Brew in the U.S. company-operated stores, and we remain on track to reach our goal of 100% deployment by the end of fiscal 2019. We are building on this momentum of a strong beverage innovation plan for the summer with product offerings that we believe will address customers' seasonal taste preferences and need states. 
With respect to driving digital relationships, we are pleased with the continued momentum of our Starbucks Rewards program. In the second quarter, we expanded our active member base by 0.5 million customers, a 13% increase that takes active Rewards membership to 16.8 million. This momentum has a positive impact on our results, with Starbucks Rewards member's accounting for 41% of sales in U.S. stores in Q2. We are also very pleased with the smooth rollout of our enhanced Starbucks Rewards loyalty program that provides customers greater choice and flexibility in redeeming rewards. In addition, we expanded the Starbucks Delivers program in the second quarter to almost 1,600 stores across 7 major markets in the U.S. It is still early days, and our primary focus is to drive customer awareness that leads to trial and adoption of this new channel. This approach is enabling us to refine the program as it grows and ensure a quality customer experience. We remain excited about the potential of delivery, and we'll continue to update you on our progress in coming quarters. 
Finally, we announced a $100 million investment in Valor Siren Ventures to continue to accelerate the pace of innovation by providing Starbucks with early visibility and access to the most relevant technologies, products and solutions for the retail industry. The combination of measurable improvements and customer connection, market response to new beverage platforms and continued growth in active Rewards members provide evidence this strategy is working. 
I'll now move on to our second key growth market, China, where a year ago, we were integrating our East China acquisition as we unified China mainland into a company-operated market. With that integration largely complete, all stores opened for 13 months or longer in China mainland are now included in our comp base starting in Q2. China delivered 3% comp sales growth for the quarter, up from 1% in Q1 with meaningful improvement in traffic comp relative to the prior 3 quarters. This performance is especially noteworthy when you consider the intensity of competition from discounting in China as well as our aggressive pace of new store development. 
On the development front, we opened 553 net new stores over the last 12 months, representing a 17% annual growth rate. Importantly, we continue to achieve best-in-class profitability and returns on these investments, which reinforces our conviction to sustain a pace of 600 net new stores annually with a goal of reaching 6,000 stores in fiscal '22. This development program is fundamental to our strategy of building the category-leading concept in the world's fastest-growing major economy. 
While the growth in long-term opportunity of China specialty coffee category will continue to attract many competitors, our leadership position is underpinned by our brand strength and operating results, which are the key points of competitive advantage in China. We win because of the premium quality of our coffee and handcrafted beverages, the exceptional third place experience we create in each store and the emotional connection that our partners have built with our customers. Each of these points of differentiation is reflected in customer feedback from a recent brand equity survey that we perform annually, which reaffirmed that Starbucks continues to lead across key consumer metrics in the specialty coffee category and is the customer's first choice for away-from-home coffee. 
We are building on that brand strength and have successfully rolled out Starbucks Delivers in partnership with Alibaba to more than 2,100 stores across 35 cities throughout China. Our team in China accomplished this in only 4 months, again, demonstrating our operational agility. While still in the launch phase, performance to date is meeting our expectations with average delivery time under 20 minutes, higher average ticket and strong trial from existing Starbucks Rewards members. This gives us confidence that we're building a meaningful and sustainable delivery channel to complement our existing in-store experience as we plan to expand Starbucks Delivers to 3,000 stores across 50 cities in China by the end of fiscal 2019. 
We are very pleased with the performance of the new Starbucks Rewards program in China. Since the launch a mere 4 months ago, member acquisition has accelerated. And 90-day active Rewards members increased by 1 million during Q2 to total of 8.3 million. The phenomenal growth of the Starbucks Rewards program in China is a testament to the power of the brand. We're now building on this momentum with plans to bring Mobile Order and Pay to China by the end of fiscal '19. We're making this new feature available by leveraging our current digital infrastructure and the Starbucks app to enhance our ability to serve customers, both on our app and in our stores. 
We are very pleased with our continued success in China. The strength and relevance of the brand, expansion and performance of our new stores, accelerating comp growth in existing stores, positive progress of Starbucks Delivers and the phenomenal customer reception to the Starbucks Rewards program are all signs that we are well positioned for long-term growth in China. 
And moving on to our second strategic priority, expanding our global reach through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. The Global Coffee Alliance exceeded our expectations during the second quarter from a top line perspective and continues to expand the reach of the Starbucks brand. Late in fiscal Q2, Nestlé launched the first 24 Starbucks SKUs across 3 platforms: Starbucks Coffee by Nespresso, Starbucks Coffee by Dolce Gusto and Starbucks roasting ground and whole bean coffees through CPG channels. These products, cocreated by Starbucks and Nestlé, are now being deployed to 16 global markets as part of our Wave 1 rollout through September. 
The first 6 of these markets launched in March, extending our reach to major retailers. Retailers are supported by a full suite of marketing resources that are adaptable for each market across digital, social and in-store channels to drive greater awareness of the Starbucks brand globally. The inaugural launch marks just the beginning for the Global Coffee Alliance, with a robust pipeline of new products and markets for Starbucks at home and in foodservices lined up to support future growth, driving financial returns as well as the worldwide expansion of the brand. 
And finally, I'll share the progress we're making on our third strategic priority, increasing our focus on shareholder returns. In March, we initiated a new $2 billion accelerated share repurchase plan, which we expect to complete by the end of June. This puts us on a path to deliver over 80% of our $25 billion shareholder capital return commitment by the end of this fiscal year. With the significant operating cash that our business continues to generate and a watchful eye on investment returns, we are well on our way to delivering against our shareholder capital return commitment. 
In summary, the strength of our performance in Q2 has further validated our growth at scale agenda and the strategies we are pursuing to create long-term shareholder value with more sustainable, predictable business results driven by focused and disciplined execution. We are making solid progress on each of our key strategies. But strategy is ultimately about execution. So the credit for our success goes to the Starbucks partners around the world who proudly wear the green apron. Each of them relentlessly delivers an elevated Starbucks Experience. And for that, I am both proud and grateful. With greater focus and discipline, we have positioned our company for the next chapter of growth, growth that is anchored in our mission, our values and in our brand promise. We are playing the long game as we continue to look to the future and build an enduring company. 
With that, I'd like to now turn the discussion over to Pat to walk through consolidated and segment results for Q2 and provide an update on our full year outlook. Pat?

Administrative work. Yes...

Jeffrey, this is Kevin. Let me begin and kind of share a strategic perspective, and I'll let Pat jump in and add to this. But over the last 2 years, as part of our streamline efforts, we've been focused -- one element of streamline is retail market alignment. And much of that has been looking at our international markets and making the determination. Are those markets best operated in a licensed structure or a company-operated structure? So we've transitioned a number of markets to licensed partners, while at the same time, acquiring 100% of the joint venture in East China and unifying China mainland as company operated. And so we're going to continue to do that. 
In the markets that we have transitioned to licensed partners, we've transitioned these markets to long-term licensed partners that oftentimes operate in other markets. Example, most recently in Europe, we transitioned France and the Netherlands to Alsea, who's a longtime partner who is managed and grown the Starbucks brand in many other markets around the world. And so by doing that, that is not only a better financial outcome, but it's also -- they will grow that market faster than we would have. And so we support the licensed partners in doing that, and we got great respect for the value that they can bring and the way they can bring the brand to life in those markets. Now your question sort of touched upon the U.S. In the U.S., if you look at the returns that we get from operating the U.S. as a company-operated market, our ability to bring the brand to life and operate generates not only maximum financial outcomes for our shareholders, but it also allows us to ensure that we are establishing and setting the brand in the right way that we are able to then leverage with other markets around the world. Pat, I'll let you add to that.

Yes. I would just add to John's comments, Will. Starbucks has been in China for 20 years now. And throughout that 20-year period, we understand what differentiates Starbucks, both globally as well as in China. And we're going to stay true to those principles. We're playing the long game, and we're very confident in the strategy.