Well, good afternoon, and welcome, everyone. Starbucks delivered very strong operating results in Q3, and I'm pleased with the progress we're making with our Growth at Scale agenda. Pat will review our performance in more detail in a moment. But first, I want to touch on a few key highlights from the quarter and then describe the actions we're taking to further differentiate and strengthen our brand with an increased focus on the customer experience and a more agile approach to innovation.
By any measure, Q3 was a very strong quarter for Starbucks. Excluding the impact of streamline activities and foreign exchange, total revenues grew by 11%, underpinned by a 7% expansion of our global store base and global retail comp sales growth of 6%, including comp traffic growth of 3%. Notably, our 2 key long-term growth targets, the U.S. and China, both performed extremely well.
In the U.S., comp sales were up 7%, including comp transaction growth of 3%. Importantly, we saw comp growth across all dayparts, including the afternoon for the first time in 3 years. This strong performance was driven by 3 key factors: an enhanced customer experience, relevant new beverage innovation and accelerated expansion of digital customer relationships. The initiatives we are driving in the U.S. to simplify work, allocate labor to better meet customer demand and improve our customer connections all contributed to the strong performance in comp transaction growth.
In addition to the improved customer experience, we are delivering exciting new beverages that are resonating with customers, particularly our cold beverage platform, which was the catalyst for growth in the afternoon. A customer favorite, Nitro Cold Brew, remains on track to be deployed across all U.S. company-operated stores and be supported by advertising by the end of the fiscal year.
Iced Espresso beverages, including Cloud Macchiato and Starbucks Refreshers, performed well. Continued focus on the customer experience and beverage innovation is paying off. And we are very encouraged by the fact that our customer connection scores reached another all-time high in Q3. Later in the call, I'll talk more about the important role digital is playing to strengthen and amplify customer connections and how this has also contributed to our results.
China also delivered a very strong quarter, and we remain bullish on the long-term market opportunity as we deploy capital to build new stores and expand our presence. Our total store count in China grew by 16% versus prior year to more than 3,900 stores at the end of Q3. Additionally, comp sales were up 6%, including 2% growth in comp transactions. Much like the U.S., China's comp performance was driven by an enhanced customer experience and beverage innovation.
Digital programs, including loyalty and delivery, contributed meaningfully to the quarter's performance as well. We introduced exciting new beverages, including the launch of Modern Mixology, a unique range of cold beverages that originated in our Shanghai Roastery with local taste preferences in mind. Our China digital partnership with Alibaba was also an important driver, which I will highlight when reviewing China's digital progress in a moment.
In our channels business, the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé continued to extend the global reach of the Starbucks brand. In the third quarter, we expanded Starbucks at-home coffee presence into 6 new markets with the launch of roasting ground, whole bean and the Starbucks Coffee by Nespresso and Dolce Gusto single-serve platforms. Starbucks at-home coffee remains on track to be in 16 markets, including the U.S. and Canada, by this September. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of the Global Coffee Alliance.
The strategic priorities we outlined a year ago are unchanged. And collectively, our Q3 results demonstrate that our Growth at Scale agenda is not only working, but through focus and discipline, it is firing on all cylinders.
The focused initiatives we are driving to enhance the customer experience and deliver beverage innovation are both complemented and amplified by our digital initiatives. Because of the long-term strategic importance of digital, I want to provide some perspective on our strategy in this area and the underlying initiatives that are fueling our progress and supporting our Growth at Scale agenda.
2 years ago, I shared my view that the 2 transformative elements of modern-day retail are experiential retail and its extension to digital customer relationships. Modern-day retailers must create a unique and meaningful customer experience that ultimately becomes a destination that customers seek out. In addition, extending that in-store customer experience to a digital mobile customer relationship is critical. Ideally, that relationship is personalized and enhances the customer experience.
With over 30,000 stores globally, Starbucks has created experiential retail around coffee, craft, comfort and care. Our 400,000 Starbucks partners bring an uplifting and elevated experience to life each and every day as they handcraft beverages personalized for each customer and create a warm and welcoming environment for communities to gather and connect. Without a doubt, Starbucks is a preferred destination for hundreds of millions of customers around the world.
At the same time, our research has validated the importance of digital relationships as customers are digitally savvy and expect higher levels of convenience and a more personalized experience. And we know digital relationships drive significant long-term value to Starbucks through more frequent occasions, increased spend, improved customer retention and marketing efficiency.
So over the past 5 years, we've invested significantly and systematically to build a powerful digital flywheel that today enables over 1 billion digital customer occasions a year. This digital customer engagement is anchored by the Starbucks Rewards program, which enhances the customer experience through some very relevant features that provide our customers with a convenient way to place orders and receive highly personalized offers. With that as background, in Q3, we enhanced the Starbucks Rewards program in the U.S., significantly increasing the flexibility with which customers can redeem Stars or loyalty rewards. These changes have been very well received by customers as growth of our 90-day active Rewards members accelerated to 14% year-over-year, reaching 17.2 million active members. Loyalty members accounted for 42% of U.S. tender, and we are seeing evidence of improved engagement across our Starbucks Rewards member base. More specifically, the growth of active Rewards members, the enhancements to the Starbucks Rewards program, adoption of Mobile Order and Pay and the personalized marketing efforts contributed nearly 2% of comp sales growth in the U.S. for the quarter, an improvement from recent quarters.
In the U.S., we also expanded Starbucks Delivers in partnership with Uber Eats, which today is now in over 2,700 stores across 11 markets. We continue to learn as we expand and drive customer awareness of this new channel and are seeing higher ticket compared to in-store transactions as well as sales incrementality. We're pleased to see that Starbucks partners are effectively enabling delivery in our stores alongside retail operations, improving the customer experience.
It is still early days for food and beverage delivery in the U.S., and while we are not yet seeing Starbucks Delivers meaningfully contribute to our U.S. business results, we believe that delivery is an important long-term growth opportunity given customers' increasing demand for convenience. To that end, earlier this week, we announced plans to expand the availability of Starbucks Delivers in partnership with Uber Eats across the U.S. in early 2020. As we expand, we will continue to refine the program and ensure a quality customer experience as demand for delivery builds.
Now onto our progress in China, where our digital ecosystem remains a core pillar in driving long-term growth. In December of 2018, we enhanced the Starbucks Rewards program in China to include the ability to earn rewards based on spend and then redeem those rewards in our stores. We now have 9.1 million active Rewards members in China, an increase of 10% from last quarter and 36% from a year ago, which is double the pace of growth compared to prelaunch levels.
The China digital partnership with Alibaba has enabled us to expand Starbucks Delivers to approximately 2,900 stores across nearly 80 cities by the end of Q3. This puts us on track to exceed 3,000 stores or roughly 75% of our total store base by the end of this fiscal year. We continue to see strong performance in key cities, including a meaningful incremental transaction lift, increased ticket and strong operational performance.
In Q3, delivery sales represented approximately 6% of total sales volume, and as I mentioned earlier, contributed to China's comp growth in Q3. Given these strong early results, we are confident that Starbucks Delivers will be an important growth vehicle for our business in China, so we are integrating our delivery expansion strategy with our store development strategy to inform the location of new stores.
In addition to our China expansion of Starbucks Delivers, we also launched Mobile Order and Pay in Q3 and are seeing strong early results. Following the May launch in Beijing and Shanghai, we've expanded Mobile Order and Pay to approximately 1,300 stores across 4 major cities in China with further expansion underway.
Our team in China is also making progress on a new store format to better serve customers on the go. Last week, I visited the first Starbucks Now store in Beijing and experienced firsthand this innovative new store design focused on the express customer experience, mobile order for pickup or delivery. I'm pleased with how quickly our China team was able to light up mobile ordering for pickup or delivery and create this entirely new retail format. This is a testament to Starbucks' commitment to leverage digital technology to rapidly address customer trends in the world's fastest-growing major economy.
Importantly, the digital strategy we are executing against ensures that we maintain a direct relationship with our customers and avoid getting disintermediated by third-party ordering apps. It also enables us to deliver personalized marketing directly to our most loyal customers in a very efficient manner.
Earlier this week, we announced a strategic partnership with Brightloom, a Seattle and Bay Area-based retail tech company focused on the restaurant industry. Starbucks has granted Brightloom a software license for elements of the Starbucks digital flywheel in return for an equity stake in the company. Brightloom will focus on software solutions that meet the needs of Starbucks license partners outside of the U.S. as well as other restaurant merchants that are looking for a commercially available cloud-based solution. This allows us to continue to focus our internal resources on proprietary software development for our company-operated markets.
Now before I turn the call over to Pat, I want to highlight that it was just over a year ago that we first outlined our Growth at Scale agenda. This quarter's performance further demonstrates that our strategy is enabling more consistent, predictable results through focused and disciplined execution. We've made meaningful progress against the 3 key strategic priorities of that agenda by accelerating growth in our 2 target long-term growth markets, the U.S. and China; expanding the global reach of our brand through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé; and increasing returns to our stakeholders. We're doing all of this while staying true to our mission and values. The foundation of Starbucks is our brand rooted in a unique elevated Starbucks Experience, the finest quality coffee and our long-standing commitment to leveraging our scale for good.
I am particularly grateful to our Starbucks partners who proudly wear the green apron and deliver an elevated Starbucks Experience every day to millions of customers in our stores. As I have shared with many store partners on recent visits to Europe, Latin America, Canada and Asia as well as here in the U.S., our success is a credit to them.
I look forward to joining over 12,000 store managers and field leaders from the U.S. and Canada in Chicago for an important leadership conference this September. Together with the executive team, we will focus on inspiring and empowering our store managers for this next chapter of our journey as we build an enduring company for generations to come.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Pat to walk you through consolidated and segment results for Q3 and to provide an update to our fiscal '19 outlook. Thank you.

Yes. Thanks, Matt. Yes, I did comment that our digital efforts contributed about 2 points of comp in the quarter, and our loyalty program represented about 42% of tender. So the acceleration we saw in active Rewards members is paying off for us.

Yes. Dennis, I'll have Roz kind of share the specific details, but this was a very strong quarter where we saw transaction growth in all dayparts. So Roz, you want to take Dennis through what you saw in the U.S.?

I'd just add that the 12 hours of time that we freed up in the stores that Roz mentioned, we've redeployed to customer-facing activity. So that's partly what's driven the customer connection scores as well.

Thanks. I'll let Pat walk you through the discussion on the margins in the U.S. and China.

John, do you want to add sort of your perspective on what you're seeing in delivery in China?

Thanks, John. I'll have Pat take the first question on U.S. comps relative to last year, and then John Culver will take you through the Mobile Order and Pay in China. Pat?

Yes, it's a little of both. Roz, I'll let you take Andrew through the dynamics there.

John, let's have Pat take your first question. Then Roz can comment on lean principles and the labor dynamics in stores. So Pat?

Yes. And Sharon, I just add to John's comments that -- just remind you that China is predominantly a tea-drinking culture, and we are introducing the Chinese consumer to premium arabica coffee. We sell teas in our store as well. And you think about the new store growth that we're investing in, in China, many of these new stores were expanding into new cities, whereas the first time we've had Starbucks presence. So we are dramatically increasing the number of new Chinese consumers that are introduced to Starbucks. And as we do that, we work to help establish that relationship and ultimately a digital relationship and keep them coming. But there is a significant long runway of opportunity for us to continue to attract new customers to Starbucks in China, and then we create a great customer experience for them and a relationship with them. And from there, we'll create customers for life.

And David, on your question about Brightloom, let me give you a little context and sort of answer your question for you. We recognize certainly the important role that digital plays in our business, and we're always looking for new ways to accelerate growth and drive innovation on digital. For example, it was a little less than a year ago that we entered into the China digital partnership with Alibaba that has enabled us to increase the reach of the Starbucks mobile app experience, launch Starbucks Delivers and build Star Kitchens embedded in Hema stores. That relationship has accelerated our digital flywheel progress in China.
I'd say for the last year or so, we've been working to find a way to provide digital flywheel services to our global license partners. Now keep in mind that there are approximately 10 large companies that license and operate most of the Starbucks stores throughout EMEA, Latin America and Southeast Asia. Because each of those partners run different technology stacks and they also manage multiple restaurant brands, we had to find a creative way to deliver the consistent Starbucks digital experience to those different partners who run multiple brands and have diverse tech stacks. That's why we partnered to create a new tech company called Brightloom.
Brightloom is the merger of the restaurant tech company formerly called eatsa and a software license of specific elements of the Starbucks digital flywheel. Now certainly, those specific elements are the elements that are generally available for ordering and managing loyalty, things like our personalization engine, and other things are still proprietary to Starbucks.
So with the license to those specific elements of the Starbucks digital flywheel, we didn't invest cash in this new venture, but rather, we received an equity stake in return for that software license, a board seat and a commitment from Brightloom that they're going to focus on our global license partners and as sort of the early-stage customers that Brightloom serves. So Brightloom is going to be in a position to service those Starbucks license partners as well as the broader industry restaurant merchants who need the same cloud-based software platform.
So I think this now gives us a solid strategy to bring the digital flywheel to our licensed partners globally. It enables our Starbucks technology team in-house to continue to focus on the R&D capabilities for our company-operated markets outside of China and the proprietary aspects of our digital flywheel and allows us to continue in China to leverage the partnership that we established with Alibaba to supplement our China digital team. So we think of this as really a strategic move to get a front row seat on next-generation innovation around digital flywheel from Brightloom and to have a solution that services our international license partners.

Roz, you want to take that?

Thanks, Brian. Let's -- Roz, I'll have you take the first one, and then let me comment on the second one. I'll hand over to John as well.

And Brian, when I think about the opportunity in China, certainly, China represents a large and growing addressable market for coffee. And it's no surprise that, that large and growing addressable market is going to attract more competitors. And because China is primarily a tea-drinking culture, more competitors focused on the addressable market of coffee actually accelerates the adoption of coffee by the Chinese consumer. That's certainly good for the industry, but I would also argue what's good for the industry is also very good for Starbucks. As the market evolves, it's important for us to stay focused on the key elements that differentiate Starbucks from all others: coffee, the premium arabica coffee we serve; our craft, the fact that we handcraft beverages personalized for each customer; comfort, the third place experience where we create that warm welcoming environment; and connection, the place where people connect over coffee and tea.
It's also important -- and what you've seen over this last year, we've extended that third place customer experience, really amplifying the digital customer relationship and enabling new capabilities around the need state of convenience. And it is that differentiation of Starbucks in the third place and craft and coffee and extending it to the need state of convenience. We feel like the steps we've taken have further differentiated our position in a large and growing market of China. And I think that's exactly the direct contributor to China's great performance results that we've seen. The strategy is working, and we're going to continue to stay focused on that model.
John, anything else you want to add to that?

Well said, John.

Yes. There's a set of things we look at: partner engagement scores, which is sort of an indicator of how engaged our partners and do they feel inspired, motivated in what they're doing; and customer connection scores. And Roz, I'll let you comment on sort of the way that you think about those metrics and what you're driving.

Yes. I want to give Roz and her team a lot of credit for what they've done to really step back and be thoughtful about how we could simplify things in our stores for our partners, how we could automate some of those administrative tasks. And through that, our partners in the stores feel more supported. That comes through in the partner engagement scores. And that gives them more time to connect with customers. That lifts the customer connection scores. And so we can look at metrics and then actions that can move those metrics, but at the end of the day, it goes back to we take care of our partners who proudly wear the green apron. They create that special Starbucks Experience for the customers that come in our stores.

Thanks, Roz. Thanks for the question. I want to take this opportunity to thank you all for joining us today. And reflecting on this past year at Starbucks, our Growth at Scale agenda is really about sharpening our focus and then executing with discipline. This is really enabling us to deliver consistent, predictable long-term growth in alignment with the growth algorithm we outlined at our investor conference in December.
As a leadership team, we do not take victory laps after a great quarter like Q3. But rather, we focus on staying true to our mission and values, taking care of our partners, serving our customers and delivering results. This is what it takes to build an enduring company, and this is what you can expect from Starbucks.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Durga for a brief announcement. Durga?