Well, thank you, Greg. I, too, want to wish Durga and her husband well as they begin a new adventure in London. Durga leaves the team and our investor community in great hands with you, Greg, and thank you for stepping in to lead Investor Relations while we search for a permanent replacement for this important role.  
Well, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we celebrate Starbucks' 50th anniversary, we are reminded of the increasing premium on genuine human connection, which has always been at the heart of Starbucks. If there is any lesson we can take from this past year, it is that our promise to uplift you every day through authentic human connection over coffee is enduring and has never been more valuable and sought after. As humans, we belong together, and Starbucks was built for this moment.  
Now with customer mobility increasing, we are at the beginning of what we describe as the great human reconnection. The reopening of markets is translating to incredible increases in demand for Starbucks as people are again on the go, reconnecting and socializing with one another. Human connection is the very foundation of the Starbucks Experience. The differentiated experience we create for our customers, strengthened through the actions we've accelerated over the past year, enables us to meet our customers wherever they need us to be. That experience is core to who we are at Starbucks, and it drove significant momentum through Q3. That experience is also a direct reflection of the 400,000 Green Apron partners who continue to make every moment right. It is our partners who deliver the elevated and uplifting experiences for each of the millions of customers we serve every day.  
Our partners make the difference. They are the heartbeat of Starbucks. And for that, I am incredibly proud.  
Now let me take you through Q3, which is highlighted by record-breaking results, fueled by the continued strength of the Starbucks brand around the world. The impressive momentum Starbucks saw in Q2 accelerated through Q3, in which we delivered record revenue of $7.5 billion, up 78% year-on-year and a record non-GAAP EPS of $1.01. Additionally, 2-year comparable store sales improved sequentially, led by an incredible overall performance in the U.S. as well as significant net new store growth in China, where we reached over 5,100 stores during the quarter and the double-digit growth and continued share gains that our channels business delivered in the at-home market.  
Our performance globally reflects the strength of our diverse portfolio and the benefits of scale as we once again exceeded our expectations for the quarter, despite inflationary pressures and ongoing pandemic-related restrictions in certain global markets. Our focus, combined with our unwavering commitment to innovating and elevating the Starbucks Experience as our key differentiator, has proven successful time and time again. All of this gives us confidence to raise guidance for the balance of the year and further positions the company for solid long-term growth.  
In the U.S., our momentum accelerated in Q3, posting year-on-year revenue growth of 90% and 2-year revenue growth of 16%. Comparable same-store sales grew 83%. And importantly, 2-year comp grew 10%. This is at the high end of our long-term annual comp growth target of 4% to 5%. We posted these results even with mobility restrictions still impacting some U.S. geographies, with industry-wide pressure in pockets of the supply chain and with our in-store cafe seating not yet fully reopened. 
Not only have we posted incredible results as we emerge from the pandemic, our internal research also confirms Starbucks has gained meaningful market share in the U.S. And the momentum we have created is sustainable. In fact, Starbucks competitive share is the highest this year than it has ever been in the away-from-home coffee and tea category. Simply put, our Green Apron partners are delivering an experience that customers are craving, and the growing opportunities serve our customers with the unmatched experience Starbucks offers gives us resounding confidence in the strength of the brand and the growth potential ahead.  
One powerful example of innovation that is fueling our momentum is our beverage portfolio, which, when coupled with our unparalleled ability for customizing handcrafted beverages, separates Starbucks from the competition. The investments we have made over the past few years, innovating and expanding our coffee forward cold beverage platform, continue to boost sales and draw new customers to Starbucks. 
We continue to see strong demand for Starbucks Cold Brew, Nitro Cold Brew and Starbucks Refresher beverages, while Iced Shaken Espresso alone contributed more than 1/3 of the Iced Espresso growth in the quarter. The cold category represented 74% of beverage sales in Q3, growing 10 percentage points over the past 2 years. With the wide range of beverage options, both cold and hot, our customers love personalizing their drinks. 
Over the last 2 years, we've seen a meaningful increase in customizations, such as adding cold foam or a shot of espresso. Additionally, alternative dairy offerings represent nearly 25% of milk-related beverage sales, up from prior year. These innovative offerings in cold and alternative dairy are particularly attractive to millennial and Gen Z customers and are aligned with our focus on the well-being of people and the planet. With premium customization of beverages, coupled with operational improvements, the growth of both hot and cold beverages in stores is enabling margin expansion despite some continued inflationary pressures, which Rachel will discuss in more detail.  
In addition to beverage platform innovation, extending the in-store experience with digital customer relationships continues to extend our reach, deepen engagement and enhance the customer experience, further differentiating Starbucks and offering customers ever-increasing choice as to how they engage with the brand. We again added over 1 million new active Starbucks Rewards members in the quarter. With over 24 million active members now representing 51% of all spend in our U.S. stores and up 8 percentage points over pre-pandemic levels, our ability to engage has never been higher. More and more of these customers are embracing experiences that effortlessly fit their lifestyle. With drive-thru representing 47% of transactions and mobile ordering for in-store pickup, delivery or curbside at 26% of transactions, we are leveraging all channels to better serve our customers.  
While it is very clear that our Rewards program has accelerated our recovery in a meaningful way, where Q3 really stands out and what adds to our confidence is the acceleration we saw in our non-Rewards customers. While Rewards spend grew at a rapid mid-teens rate quarter-over-quarter, for the first time in 11 quarters, non-Rewards spend growth outpaced SR spend. This is further evidence of the great human reconnection. The rapid reengagement of non-Rewards customers not only propelled our record results, but also underscores the strength of the brand and the growth potential ahead.  And finally, we continue to make meaningful progress to reposition our U.S. store portfolio through Trade Area Transformation, which is now nearly 80% complete. 
In the past 12 months, we have opened 554 new stores combined with in-store seating and drive-thru service. This portfolio repositioning and new store formats have increased drive-thru store performance to 75% of our total U.S. sales, a number that continues to rise as we increase efficiency. The improvements and additions we are making to our portfolio today will provide benefits for years to come.  
With our focus on the customer experience, new beverage innovation and digital customer relationships, we continue to increase share of customer occasions while also contributing to a rapidly growing market for all things coffee.  
Moving on to China, where we posted a very positive result with year-on-year revenue growth of 45%. Remarkably, total revenue in China has grown 23% in just 2 years as we continue to play the long game. And we are on track to open more than 600 net new stores this fiscal year. In Q3 alone, we opened 162 net new stores that continue to deliver best-in-class new store profitability and returns. We ended the quarter with 5,135 stores, and we are well on track to operate over 6,000 stores by the end of fiscal year '22. In addition, we posted 19% same-store comp growth in Q3 and saw sequential acceleration of our 2-year comp when excluding the impact of value-added tax. Furthermore, we gained strong momentum with sequential improvement on every key metric on a 2-year basis, including total revenue growth, store traffic recovery and margin expansion. The health of our business in China is strong, and we've never been more confident in the long-term growth opportunity.  
In addition to significant new store growth and sequential acceleration of 2-year comps in China, we are expanding digital customer relationships and engagement by creating new occasions and experiences that make mobile ordering even more convenient and personalized. This has resonated strongly with our customers in China, propelling mobile ordering to 34% of sales, significantly higher than the 23% in the prior year and more than double pre-COVID levels.  
Starbucks Rewards continues to aggressively expand our digital ecosystem across major platforms, driving 90-day active members to an all-time high of 17 million, a 4% increase over previous quarter and a 71% increase versus prior year. Gold members, a very important cohort, are engaging Starbucks at pre-pandemic levels.  
Our performance in China is a testimony to the unparalleled strength of the Starbucks brand and our enduring relationship with our Chinese customers. Our rapidly growing store footprint, market-leading digital ecosystem and customer engagement, robust innovation pipeline and the enduring love and loyalty for the Starbucks brand in China are all unmatched. I have full confidence in the strength of the Starbucks brand in China and across all our international markets. There should be no misunderstanding of how big and robust our business in China is and will be. These are still early days, and our strategies are clearly working. Starbucks is uniquely positioned for success in China well into the future.  
With phenomenal strength and growing momentum in our retail business, let me now move on to our Channel Development segment that also continues to exceed expectations. Over the past 3 years, we have made significant progress expanding our reach and amplifying the Starbucks brand through CPG, single-serve coffee, ready-to-drink and foodservice. I attribute our success to the power of the Starbucks brand, the bold innovation that attracts new coffee lovers into our categories and the caliber of our strategic business partners globally. 
In Q3, Starbucks retained our #1 brand position in total U.S. at-home coffee and further expanded our leadership position versus other brands. The Starbucks brand continued to increase share in the total U.S. category, impressively adding 1 percentage point over the prior year despite lapping a strong comp. The Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé is a powerhouse, and we continue to see strong performance across all aspects of the key strategic relationship. 
Earlier this year, building on the success of the Starbucks by Nespresso platform, we expanded and introduced Starbucks by Nespresso on the virtual line, which is already exceeding 6-month distribution and velocity targets. In addition, the combination of strong CPG performance combined with a steady recovery in foodservice gives us added confidence. In ready-to-drink, Starbucks is the #1 premium brand globally, with our North America coffee partnership with PepsiCo growing 19% in consumption and our international ready-to-drink business growing double digits in EMEA and China, Asia Pacific. These channels amplify our brand in more than 80 markets around the world, offering millions of customers at-home and at-work options that complement their Starbucks in-store experience. And just yesterday, we announced plans to reach new markets and grow our Starbucks ready-to-drink portfolio with Nestlé, who will now serve markets across Southeast Asia and Latin America. Our channel development strategy to amplify the brand, while growing share of at-home occasions, continues to attract new customers to Starbucks with unparalleled choice while driving best-in-class returns.  
The key takeaway from today's call is this. We look to the future with as much conviction as ever in our strategy as this quarter represents the beginning of a multiyear tailwind for Starbucks that is powered by 3 factors. First, the total coffee addressable market is large and growing rapidly. The market is expected to grow to well over $400 billion in size globally over the next 3 years. That represents a compound annual growth rate of 8% to 9% as the market rapidly recovers from the global pandemic. Second, within this large and growing market, consumer preferences continue to shift from mainstream robusta coffee to premium arabica coffee, where Starbucks is the leader. Third, and perhaps most important, Starbucks is rapidly adapted to new consumer behaviors and strengthened key points of differentiation. Our focus on the customer experience, relevant new beverage platforms and expanded digital customer relationships are translating to increased consumer preference and deeper customer engagement. The combination of a highly differentiated brand experience, a continued consumer shift to premium arabica coffee and a large and growing addressable market is a powerful trifecta that provides our business with a multiyear tailwind. These factors, reinforced by the results of this past quarter, give us confidence that this is just the beginning of what is about to unfold. 
And with that, I will turn the call over to Rachel, who will walk you through details of our Q3 results. Rachel?

Yes. Jeffrey, thanks for the question. Let me share some thoughts, and then I'll hand it over to Belinda to comment a bit further. Jeffrey, we've been in China now for over 20 years. And every step of the way, we have built Starbucks in China for China. And the brand resonates with our customers in China. So I think that's number one. 
Number two, we are in a market-building mode right now where most of our growth comes from the new stores that we open. And the fact that the new stores that we have been opening are performing at some of the highest AUV levels prior generations, gives us confidence that we are continuing to expand our reach and presence in China. I think those 2 things. Certainly, from a geopolitical standpoint, we've -- we've got businesses in 84 markets around the world. So we constantly deal with geopolitical situations. And I'd say there's not a geopolitical situation that has really impacted us in China over the last couple of years. And I don't really foresee that happening as long as we continue to stay focused on what we do and what we do well, which is create a great experience for our customers in China, take care of our Starbucks partners who proudly wear the Green Apron in China. 
And we're bullish. We continue to invest, whether it's the investment we're making in new stores, whether it's the Coffee Innovation Park, the first sustainable roasting plant that we're building in China, the work we're doing with coffee farmers in Yunnan. And I sort of look at this navigating some of the implications of COVID as just being short term. And so that's why I kind of look at it as a very -- from a very bullish perspective long term. 
So let me hand it over to Belinda. Belinda, I'll let you comment a bit further on Jeffrey's question.

Thank you, Belinda. I think Rachel had one other comment to add, Jeffrey, to your question.

John, thanks for your question. We'll have John Culver take the U.S. and then Belinda can take China. And Rachel, you can add any additional. So John?

Belinda, do you want to take China?

Yes...

And let me just sort of close. I know there's been a lot on the -- written in the press about the cold weather that's hit Brazil and the implications on the CIF price of coffee. And so just to give you some context, on the increasing CIF price of coffee, you should know that over the years, we've created a very thoughtful approach to how we source, warehouse and use hedging techniques to ensure we always have supply of premium arabica green coffee at an attractive cost basis. In fact, we purchase green coffee 12 to 18 months in advance, and we never stopped buying green coffee through the pandemic. So as a result, we currently have over 14 months of price forward coverage, which means we have price locked on our coverage for the next 14 months which gets us through the rest of fiscal year '21 and most of fiscal year '22. And I think we may be the only large buyer of green coffee that uses this approach, and that will serve us well as it gives us a significant advantage relative to our competitors who, if they don't buy this far in advance, will certainly not have that cost structure that we put in place. And so I just want to comment on that since it's been in the press and kind of relates to your question, John, on inflation.

Yes. And Sharon, this is Kevin. I'll just remind you, I commented in my remarks that we're 80% through the Americas Trade Area Transformation, which is, as we get into fiscal year '22, that puts us back on the front foot for net new store growth in North America. And certainly, Belinda and her team in China have already gotten there. So that's going to be very helpful as we go into FY '22.

Yes. Thanks, Chris. I mean that's the key point. You look at the fact that we've grown our active -- 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members significantly to over 24 million. And where are we getting those active rewards members. They're coming from the non-Rewards customers that return into our stores. So actually think the increase in non-Rewards customers is going to be very helpful to continue to fuel that base of active Rewards members. 
We know that customers when they join Starbucks Rewards, they spend more. There's more frequency and more engagement from those customers. And that's why you think over a multiyear period, we have this aspiration to double the number of active Rewards members in North America. 
John, let me -- I'll let you comment a bit further if you have anything else to add on the U.S.

John, do you want to take that?

Rachel, do you want to take the question on the trend David asked?

Well, I thank you all for joining us today. I think this quarter amplifies the fact that Starbucks is on the front foot, and we are optimistic about the future. I think we're operating in a large and growing addressable market for coffee. And within that market is a shift to premium arabica coffee. And you combine that with the strength of the Starbucks brand, I think that creates the trifecta for a multiyear tailwind, and this is just the beginning. So thank you for joining us today.