Well, thank you, Tom, and good afternoon, and welcome, everyone. On today's call, I will provide an overview of our financial performance in Q3, expand on the business update we provided last month and reinforce our strategic priorities going forward. Then I'll turn the call over to Roz and Belinda to report on our Q3 operating performance in each of our 2 key markets, the U.S. and China, and update you on our plans for each market going forward. Scott will then take you through the Q3 financials in detail, and we'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. 
Starbucks revenues in Q3 totaled a record $6.3 billion, up 11% over last year, driven by consolidation of our East China business, strong performance from new stores, favorable FX and comp sales increases of 1%, both globally and in the U.S. Excluding FX and the net impact of streamlining activities, revenues were up 7%. June comps in the U.S. and Americas landed as expected, representing an acceleration for May and April. 
For the quarter, our non-GAAP EPS totaled $0.62, inclusive of a $0.02 impact from the anti-bias training on May 29, representing a solid 13% increase over Q3 last year. While we fell short of the expectations we had entering the quarter, we've made measurable progress against 2 commitments we've made to our shareholders: to deliver predictable, sustainable growth at scale and to create meaningful increases in shareholder value long into the future. To deliver on these commitments, we continue to focus our energy, capital and resources on executing against our 3 strategic priorities. 
Our first strategic priority is to accelerate growth in our targeted long-term growth markets: China and the U.S. Our success in each market will be driven by further elevation and modernization of the third place experience we deliver to our customers and continued expansion of our digital advantage. Roz will provide context around the progress we are making in the U.S. and a plan that is built with a clear understanding and focus on 4 evolving consumer trends: consumers have increasingly ubiquitous digital lifestyles; consumers want premium products, premium experiences and value convenience; consumers appreciate choice, including better-for-you food and beverage selections. Our innovation agenda in each of food and beverage, digital and store design is being informed by each of these trends, and we are committed to increasing the velocity of innovation at Starbucks in each of these areas, as they are all key determinants of customer and brand relevance today. 
I remain extremely optimistic about the future of our U.S. business for several reasons. First, our beverage innovation platform is working, and we have a full pipeline of new beverages on the horizon to delight our customers in the quarters ahead. Beverage innovation is fueling growth in our core platforms of coffee, tea and refreshers and offsetting some of the softness we've seen in blended. 
Second, our digital reach is expanding by every measure, including a double-digit increase in active rewards membership year-over-year and the addition of 6 million digitally registered customers who are not yet rewards members but who have established a digital connection with Starbucks. 
And third, we have redoubled our efforts to drive discipline, operational excellence within our stores and to mindfully allocate capital with a sharp focus on managing our corporate expenses. 
China represents an important part of our strategic growth agenda, and Belinda will share specific detail around the incredibly powerful, long-term growth opportunity we are curating in China. While acknowledging a disappointing Q3, I want to be clear that we have 100% confidence in our growth strategy and the sustainability of the leadership position we have built in the market. Having been in China since 1999, the strength of our brand, the trust we have built with our customers and partners and our working knowledge of the many nuances of the China market uniquely positions us for continued long-term success. 
Now keep in mind that this quarter alone, excluding the East China integration, we grew total transactions in China in the mid-teens. We are, by design, in a phase of growth in China that is primarily driven by new-store expansion. We also acknowledge the need to move faster to enable delivery in China, and we are committed to piloting delivery this fall in 2 key cities, Beijing and Shanghai, with the intent to expand from there. We will introduce delivery in a way that combines the best coffees and the most innovative coffee and tea beverages in the world with the rapidly evolving consumer trend in China for at-home and at-work convenience. 
Be assured that as we grow in China, we will not deviate from the culture and values that have built the Starbucks brand and resulted in Starbucks today being recognized as one of the most successful global brands and sought-after global employer of choice in China. I have complete confidence in Belinda and her team to navigate the next phase of our China growth strategy. 
Now our second strategic priority is to expand and leverage the Starbucks brand through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. We remain on track to close the Nestlé deal in our fiscal Q4. Nestlé is the ideal global partner to accelerate Starbucks' growth profile by combining our global brand and coffee leadership with the world's leading distribution network, covering 189 countries. In addition, this alliance will bring Starbucks Coffee to customers around the world through the world-leading single-serve platforms: Nespresso and NESCAFÉ Dolce Gusto. These single-serve platforms represent the largest install base of systems globally. The Global Coffee Alliance represents an important and highly opportunistic pillar of our growth agenda. 
Our third strategic priority is to sharpen our focus on shareholder value return. Step one was the development of a company-wide emphasis on streamlining our business and organization. Over the past year, this work has enabled us to identify the strategic steps we needed to take to better and more profitably unlock opportunities that amplify our core value drivers. Those steps include: further business simplification; retail market alignment as evidenced by our purchase of East China and the sale of smaller markets better suited for local ownership; and most recently, the Global Coffee Alliance we entered into with Nestlé. Streamline has freed up billions of dollars of capital and has enabled us to focus our management attention and critical resources on the most important priorities for Starbucks, our partners and our shareholders. 
Last November, we committed to return $15 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends through fiscal 2020. As our streamline initiatives have unlocked more net capital and as we have flexed our balance sheet, we've now expanded that commitment to $25 billion through fiscal 2020. We have already returned over $5 billion to shareholders in the last 3 quarters alone. 
Now to deliver on our commitments, we know we must drive consistent growth at scale by driving excellence in execution and customer-focused innovation. Let me assure you that we are energized by the foundational changes we have made and the prioritization that it provides toward our core value drivers. 
Before handing the call over to Roz, I want to quickly touch on our recent announcement around sustainability. Sustainability is 1 of 3 of our social impact priorities. Our aspiration to make coffee the first sustainable agricultural product is in direct support of coffee farmers around the world. Our commitment to eliminate plastic straws in all of our stores globally by 2020 is in direct support of sustainability of the planet. 
In the same way, our agronomists innovate on behalf of coffee farmers. Our packaging teams, along with partners, have innovated to create strawless lids and alternative-material straw options. And we are also pursuing a broad approach to recyclable cups. We have long espoused the importance of companies doing well by doing good, and we will not waver from our focus and leadership position in sustainability. 
Finally, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge Scott Maw for his partnership and tireless contributions to Starbucks. Scott will remain an integral part of the management team through November and serve for a period as a consultant to ensure a seamless and successful transition to a new CFO. Thank you, Scott. All of us at Starbucks thank you for your contributions, and we wish you well. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Roz. Roz?

Sharon, this is Kevin. I want to have Roz talk a little bit about where we're focused on store builds, and then Scott will follow up on the part of your question around the economics.

Yes, Jeff. This is Kevin. I think we'll have Belinda talk a little bit about what she saw in the quarter. I think we're -- we don't think it's always helpful to go into trends within the quarter, but I think let's get Belinda an opportunity to share with you her perspective of the health of the brand, the health of the business in China. Belinda?

Yes, and Jeff, let me just reinforce a couple of key points that I think are important. This is Kevin. First of all, as Belinda said, and as I said in my comments, the market in China that we are in a market growth phase that is all about new store expansion. The fact that we're in 100 -- roughly 130 to 140 cities and expanding into the next 100 cities over the next 3 years is critical. And the reason we grew transactions in the mid-teens in China is because of new-store growth. And it is where -- it is through that expansion that we're enabling the brand to not only deepen its engagement with customers in the cities that we're in but also to expand into new cities. And so I think, as Belinda highlighted, those -- our stores are performing. They're some of the most profitable stores in the world. The new ones we're building are the most -- some of the most profitable stores in the world, and it is about store expansion. And so I just want to reinforce that point because that is the core strategy for China right now and it will be for the next several years.

Let me just -- I'll start, John, on the question, then I'll hand over to Roz to add a bit more on the mix of things that are driving it. But first of all, I commented that, following the Oppenheimer comments, the quarter unfolded as we anticipated, just reconfirming sort of the statements we made at Oppenheimer. I don't think it's helpful to get into intra-quarter trends because that, I think, confuses the issue. So what gives us confidence? Well, you look back at this last quarter, Q3, where we had some very unusual things we had to navigate in the quarter. Certainly, the situation in Philadelphia, the fact that we've closed all our stores for an afternoon, that had an impact. But also, the fact that we delayed the launch of the spring/summer marketing campaign by 2 weeks or so in that quarter, we lost some momentum. And since we then deployed that, we clearly saw we were gaining momentum, and so that gives us some optimism in terms of what we're doing. Second, our digital customer base has grown dramatically. Look, we've grown our active rewards members by 14% to 15.1 million. We've added 6 million of these digitally registered customers that we are now learning how to engage with and figuring out how to drive some more engagement with them. That, combined with the pipeline of beverage innovation, gives us confidence as we look forward and -- into this quarter. Let me hand over to Roz to talk a little bit about those questions on pricing and attach and things that are driving some of the ticket there. And Roz, I'll let you comment on that and maybe Matt on the pricing. Roz?

David, you're breaking up. Can you start over?

Let me take sort of the first response to that, David, and then I'll hand over to Roz to talk a little bit about the beverage innovation pipeline. First of all, the most important daypart for Starbucks is the morning daypart, and we are growing comp in the morning daypart. We're growing transactions in the morning daypart. The area that we've highlighted that we've had softness has been that afternoon from 2 on, and then evenings from 4 p.m. on. So when we look at this, the fact that the morning daypart that's growing is a very, very, very positive metric. Number two, when I look at the beverage portfolio and I look at the core platforms, coffee, Espresso, tea and refreshers, all of those are growing. And they're offsetting the softness we've had in blended. So all of a sudden, you start to intersect, the issue around blended and afternoons has sort of been amplified in this quarter because this is the quarter of Frappuccinos. And so you put that together, and I think much of that is sort of explained. Now as Roz mentioned, the campaign that we have for the afternoon and the cold beverages that we're driving around afternoon made, I think we're feeling good about that. And let me hand over to Roz to talk a little bit about the pipeline of innovation.

We'll have -- Sara, let's have Roz take your first question on U.S. unit growth and optimizing the store portfolio, then Belinda will talk a little bit about China. So Roz?

Belinda, you want to talk a little bit about China?

Yes. Matthew, this is Kevin. I'll start and share perspective and will have some others to add. But first of all, what's changed in terms of the store performance in Middle America? Well, apparently, Americans in Middle America like Espresso beverages and our coffee because those stores are performing at higher AUVs and higher profitability than any other part of the country. And so I don't know what the experiment was back then, but it's working now. And this is not a new thing. This is -- we've been doing this for the last couple years, and we're seeing great performance from those stores. We're using -- as I outlined at Oppenheimer, we're using analytics to really look at the store -- the number of stores per capita that we have in areas. We look at the demographics in those areas, and we're using technology to help us inform us where to go build these stores. And in doing -- and since doing that, it's worked. So it's -- I think the fact that just proven by the store performance we're getting on those new stores that we've been building throughout Middle America and the south, they're performing well. I think the other part then, in terms of value, the core beverage platforms of coffee, Espresso, tea, refreshers are all growing. The morning daypart is growing. When we think about the differentiators for Starbucks, we are -- we differentiate around a premium coffee, a premium experience. And we differentiate by doing custom, handcrafted beverages at scale. And that is why our morning daypart just keeps growing. That is the core value proposition for our customers. And in that daypart, we are growing. We're growing strong, and we feel good about that. As Roz mentioned, we have -- in the afternoon daypart, we've had some softness in afternoon, and we've seen softness in the blended platform that we've been working to address. I think, as I highlighted some of the consumer trends, this need state of convenience, we really have unlocked that, I think, in a way not only with Mobile Order and Pay, but with our drive-throughs. And that's balancing then the experience we create in our stores around the third place around community. And so I think, if we just look at both what we've learned over the last decade and the performance of the investments that we've made in those store formats, in those geographies, in our beverage platform, in the morning daypart, those things give us confidence that we're absolutely on the right path.