Well, thank you, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. 
On today's call, I'll provide an overview of a solid Q4 performance and summarize fiscal '18. More importantly, I want to use this opportunity to reinforce the long-term strategic priorities we discussed on our last earnings call and provide additional details on the initiatives that support our strategy. I do this with the intent of showing you how we are executing against our plan, which is, in turn, driving positive results. 
Following my comments, I will turn the call over to Roz Brewer to cover details of our operating initiatives and performance in the U.S., followed by John Culver, to do the same for both China and our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. This will reinforce that we, as a leadership team, are executing against a clear set of initiatives that are driving positive outcomes. Scott Maw will then cover FY '19 guidance. 
On the last earnings call, I shared that we were progressing well on our search for a world-class CFO to succeed Scott. Last month, I was very pleased to announce that Pat Grismer will join us on November 12 and assume the CFO responsibilities at the end of November when Scott officially retires. Pat brings a well-rounded set of experiences to Starbucks with a decade at Disney; more than 14 years at Yum! Brands, including 4 as CFO; and most recently, as CFO of Hyatt Hotels. He understands consumer brands, investing in relevant consumer experiences and capital allocation of food and beverage industry at scale. 
Now I'd be remiss if I did not personally thank Scott, who joins us for his last earnings call, not only for facilitating his transition, but also for all that he has none to support me and Starbucks over the past 5 years. 
Now let's begin with the quarterly results. The fourth quarter showed significant improvement from the third quarter in nearly every critical metric and came in ahead of our expectations on comp store sales, revenue and EPS. While we still have work to do, these results provide encouraging evidence that our plan is working. Starbucks delivered Q4 net revenue of $6.3 billion, which represented 11% year-on-year growth. I'm pleased to highlight that we posted a 4% comp in our largest market, the U.S., which was our strongest comp in the past 5 quarters. China, our second-largest and fastest-growing market, drove double-digit growth in total transactions when combining new store growth and total comp sales, with the latter improving sequentially to a plus-1 year-on-year growth. We delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.62 a share, inclusive of a $0.02 headwind from the earlier-than-planned closing of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. 
For the fiscal year, Starbucks reached a record $24.7 billion in net revenue, up 10% over last year or up 8% adjusted for FX and streamline activities. We delivered a 2% global comp while surpassing 29,000 stores. Full year non-GAAP EPS grew 17% to $2.42 per share. 
While we ended the year on an upswing, we acknowledge 2018 has been a year of change, along with some challenges, as we sharpened our focus to drive growth at scale. The Starbucks brand is incredibly powerful and beloved by customers. We are a brand that stays relevant by constantly challenging the status quo, elevating the customer experience, investing in and empowering our partners, operating with discipline and adapting with agility. This is increasingly important today as consumers are interacting with brands in completely different ways, and Starbucks is leading this transition, both in our stores and digitally. 
With an amazing brand and a large and growing addressable market, we have a clear set of strategic priorities for the future. These priorities are the foundation for the initiatives and actions you'll hear about today. As a reminder, our 3 strategic priorities include: accelerate growth in our targeted long-term growth markets of the U.S. and China; expand the global reach of the Starbucks brand, leveraging the Global Coffee Alliance; and sharpen our focus on increasing shareholder returns. We are consistent in these priorities and have clear initiatives driving actions and results. 
Before I hand the call over to John and Roz to highlight our Q4 progress against these initiatives, I want to add my perspective. Accelerating growth in our 2 targeted long-term growth markets of China and the U.S. acknowledges that these 2 markets are in very different stages of development. Our initiatives in the U.S. are focused on increasing customer visits by enhancing the in-store experience, delivering customer-relevant beverage innovation and driving digital relationships. We are making progress in each of these areas, and Roz will provide you examples of actions taken that led to the acceleration in comp. 
When we look at the strategic priority of accelerating growth in China, our second-largest and fastest-growing market, a key metric is total transaction growth, which includes new store expansion as well as same-store comp. We've now successfully unified Mainland China as a company-operated market, which has positioned us for long-term expansion. In addition, we executed against a clear set of operating initiatives in China that delivered 3 points of sequential improvement in comp, which came in at a plus 1 for the quarter. We also announced a comprehensive China digital partnership with Alibaba, China's leading tech company. We're working closely with Alibaba to elevate the end-to-end customer experience for delivery in partnership with Ele.me. 
Our second strategic priority achieved a significant milestone at the end of August when we closed on the transformative deal with Nestlé ahead of schedule. And we now have successfully transitioned a healthy business in North America, retained great talent in key leadership roles and reinforced a global growth agenda, which is now being operationalized through the alliance. This sets the stage for us to expand our CPG and foodservice businesses globally. And John will share more details with you on these plans. 
Our third strategic priority is to sharpen our focus on increasing shareholder returns. Our work over the past year to streamline the company has been focused on 3 areas: retail market alignment, business simplification and establishing the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. 
Collectively, our streamline actions are enabling us to amplify our focus and resources on core value drivers for Starbucks, the retail market alignment actions to successfully transition markets in Germany, Brazil, Taiwan and Singapore. And most recently, we announced definitive plans to license France, Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg to a long-term Starbucks partner who understands how to protect and grow the Starbucks brand. 
Over the past year, our streamlined actions to simplify the business drove decisions to sell Tazo to Unilever, close the Teavana specialty retail stores, transition our e-commerce business to our channel partners and simplify our SKU structure. More recently, we've taken steps to simplify work in our stores by automating inventory tracking and replenishment, which is enabling us to redirect more store partner time towards serving our customers. Business simplification is creating value through a more focused and more efficient operation. 
Finally, as we enter the next phase of our agenda driving growth at scale, we are transforming how our functional support organizations increase the velocity of innovation for our store partners. Innovation is relevant to our customers, inspiring to our partners and meaningful to the business. We view this as a multiyear initiative, with our primary focus on increasing the velocity of innovation that results in a more efficient operation as measured by G&A as a percent of system sales. 
All of these actions to streamline the company and change the way we work have freed up capital, which supports our commitment to return $25 billion to shareholders through fiscal 2020. In fiscal '18 alone, we returned nearly $9 billion to shareholders. And effective October 1, we executed an accelerated share repurchase plan utilizing the $5 billion of after-tax proceeds from the upfront Nestlé payment. 
Now I hope you share my optimism for the future of Starbucks. A clear set of strategic priorities, supported by a solid operating plan and focused execution in the quarter contributed to our strong result. With Pat Grismer joining Starbucks in mid-November, the leadership team and I look forward to hosting you at our December investor conference, where we will share our assessment of the opportunity ahead and details of the initiatives that are driving business outcomes in support of our growth agenda. We look forward to seeing you in December. 
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Roz. Roz?

Yes -- no, I'll have Roz answer the question on the U.S. comp thing. I'll just mention, though, too, you asked about October and I think Scott and I had said on the last call, we don't think it's helpful to be doing intra-quarter discussions, so we'll stay away from that question. But Roz can shed some light on the Q4 performance on comp.

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I'll take your first question, and then I'll hand up to Roz. Keep in mind that our FY '19 revenue guide, when adjusted for approximately 2 points of negative impact from the Global Coffee Alliance transition, puts us clearly in our 7% to 9% top line revenue long-term growth range. Same when you look at non-GAAP EPS. When you adjust it for year 1 of the Nestlé deal and the incremental investment from tax reform dollars we made in wage and digital that Scott mentioned before, puts our EPS at the lower end of that long-term guidance range. So I think clearly, FY '19 is a transitional year, primarily driven by the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. But that Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé is part of our long-term growth and value-creation agenda. And if I look at what we've done around the streamline activities over the last year plus the Global Coffee Alliance, this positions the company to really focus on growth, not just growth of top line, but growth of operating income. And FY '19 is that transitional year that positions us for that going into 2020 and beyond. Roz, you want to take the other question?

Yes. Matt Ryan will take the question. Thanks, Karen.

Yes, I think -- this is Kevin. I would just want to add to John's comment as he commented on competition in China and things that I think apply globally. The fact is that there is a large and growing addressable market around all things coffee. And as a company, we've been in this business for 47-plus years and built one of the world's most admired and trusted brands. And we've built that by delivering premium products and a premium experience in our stores. And that remains true today, the third place experience. And even as we've extended that to meet the need state of convenience, we work to do that in a way that is accretive to the brand and accretive to the experience in our stores. So as John and Belinda and the team have been working on delivery with Ele.me, for example, we've integrated that fully into the operation of our stores so that we can create a great experience. But I think our ability to continue to differentiate as a brand that has a premium set of products, creates a premium experience in our stores and is able to deliver custom handcrafted beverages at scale, that is the formula that we're going to continue to stick to. And our investments in things like Starbucks Reserve Roasteries is a brand amplifier. The partnership with Nestlé is a growth agenda, but it, too, is a brand amplifier as Nestlé brings our coffee and tea products to CPG and foodservices. So we're going to stick to what got us to this point and the things that we think are defensible differentiators in the market and things that we do well. And that will serve us well for the long term in every market around the world.

Singles' Day in China.

Well, thank you all for joining us today. 
I did want to mention that we really look forward to seeing you at our December 13 investor conference in New York City. Today, we spoke a little bit about the Starbucks Reserve Roasteries, and we opened a beautiful Reserve Roastery in Milan, Italy last quarter. And so as part of the December 13 investor conference, for those of you who can attend, we'd like to invite you to an exclusive pre-opening tour of the next Starbucks Reserve Roastery that will open in New York City. And then we look forward to hosting you all that afternoon for the investor conference. 
So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you next month.