Well, good afternoon, and welcome. As part of my ongoing visits to Starbucks stores around the world, I'm joining today's call from Tokyo. On this particular trip, John Culver and I are joined by Nestlé senior executives to discuss our collective strategies for growth and review the great progress our teams have made implementing Global Coffee Alliance. 
Today, I'm pleased to share that Starbucks delivered strong operating results again in Q4, capping off a transformative year for the company as we continue to execute our Growth at Scale agenda with focus and discipline.
Pat will review our financial results in more detail later in the call, but I'll start by sharing performance highlights for the quarter and the year as well as some key actions we've taken and important investments we've made to enable predictable, sustainable growth while delivering value for all our stakeholders as we build an enduring company at Starbucks.
In the fourth quarter, Starbucks delivered revenue growth of 10%, excluding the 3% impact of streamline activities and foreign exchange, led by global comp sales growth of 5% and net-store growth of 7% year-over-year. These strong operating results yielded non-GAAP EPS of $0.70 for the quarter, up 13% from last year.
In the U.S., we posted comp sales growth of 6% in Q4, including comp transaction growth of 3%. That's a 2-year sales comp of 10% for Q4, a sequential improvement over our very strong results in Q3 and our best performance in the U.S. in over 2 years. In China, we posted 5% comp sales growth in Q4, including comp transaction growth of 2%. That's a 2-year sales comp of 6% for Q4, demonstrating continued positive momentum in our fastest-growing business where we increased our store base by 17% over the prior year.
For the fiscal year, Starbucks delivered record results in both total net revenues and non-GAAP EPS. Total net revenues were $26.5 billion, up 10% over the prior year when adjusted for streamline activities and foreign exchange. This included 5% global comp sales growth for the year in over 1,900 net new stores globally, yielding a record non-GAAP EPS of $2.83 for fiscal year 2019, up 17% versus prior year.
With more than 31,000 stores in 82 markets welcoming over 100 million customer occasions each week and enabling over 1 billion digital customer occasions per year, Starbucks is a part of our customers' everyday routines around the world, and I applaud the 400,000 green apron partners who deliver a premium Starbucks Experience to every customer they serve. Because of our partners, we are achieving even higher levels of customer loyalty and brand preference.
Now let me highlight some of the key initiatives and investments that drove our strong growth in fiscal '19 and have laid the groundwork for what we expect will be another year of strong operating performance in fiscal '20. In keeping with our Growth at Scale agenda, I will talk about how we're accelerating growth in the U.S. and China, how we are extending the reach of our brand through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé and how we've increased stakeholder returns.
Now I'm very proud of the progress the team has made against our 3 focused initiatives to accelerate growth in our U.S. business: enhancing the in-store experience, delivering relevant beverage innovation and driving digital relationships. We have strong evidence that our approach is working as demonstrated by the fact that we are seeing traffic growth across all dayparts, and we intend to build on this momentum in the year ahead.
We continue to see a strong correlation between Starbucks partner engagement and customer connection, which leads to increased customer frequency. This reinforces our belief that the Starbucks Experience delivered by our partners is a key competitive advantage. And therefore, we are making targeted investments to elevate the partner experience with clear evidence that this in turn elevates the customer experience and drives growth.
Throughout fiscal '19 in the U.S., we invested in our partners by allocating additional store labor, increasing store-level training and simplifying in-store tasks, often with new technology. For example, we introduced a new staffing and scheduling system to optimize labor allocations based on partner preferences and predictive analytics. These investments in our partners collectively elevated customer connections as evidenced by an all-time high in customer connection scores in Q4. And we will build on this momentum with incremental partner investments in fiscal year '20.
We also continue to invest in beverage innovation. And I'm pleased to say that beverages contributed 5 points of our U.S. comp sales growth in the fourth quarter, led by the strength of our cold beverage platform. We completed our rollout of Nitro Cold Brew across company-operated stores in the U.S. this summer and introduced new cold pumpkin beverage offering, the Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew, and we're very encouraged by its reception. We expect this momentum to continue as we move into the favorable holiday season, and we look forward to sharing more details with you in the weeks ahead.
And finally, we have continued to pursue new opportunities to expand digital customer relationships, investing to meet customers' increasing desire for convenience and personalized offers. Supported by the successful launch of multitier redemption in early Q3, we saw U.S. Starbucks Rewards grow to 17.6 million active members at the end of Q4, a year-over-year increase of 15%. This is an important growth driver because we know from experience that when customers join Starbucks Rewards, their spend level with Starbucks increases meaningfully. On our last earnings call, I outlined the important strategic role that our digital flywheel plays in growing digital customer relationships. Clearly, that strategy is working.
I want to highlight another very important element of our digital strategy, artificial intelligence. Over this past year, we have been dialing up our in-house capabilities and investments in AI with an initiative we call Deep Brew. Deep Brew will increasingly power our personalization engine, optimize store labor allocations and drive inventory management in our stores. We plan to leverage Deep Brew in ways that free up our partners so that they can spend more time connecting with customers. Deep Brew is a key differentiator for the future and as we continue our quest to build world-class AI capabilities to better support partners.
Moving on to how we've accelerated growth in China. Looking back over this past year, I'm very pleased with the progress we've made to capitalize on one of the world's most compelling growth opportunities led by strong store development, expanded digital customer engagement and category-leading innovation.
Store development continues to be our #1 driver of growth in China. We opened over 600 net new stores in fiscal '19 and crossed the 4,000 store mark while maintaining best-in-class new store returns. As we expand our store footprint, we have also been investing in innovative retail formats, including our Starbucks Now store in Beijing that opened in July, a unique, express retail experience that seamlessly integrates physical and digital touch points to enhance the Mobile Order & Pay and the Starbucks Delivers customer experience. We are seeing encouraging early results from this new format. And in China, we plan to open new Starbucks Now stores in top tier cities in fiscal '20, leveraging this new store format to complement the third-place store formats and increase market penetration.
As we've expanded our physical presence in China, we've also made significant strides expanding our digital presence in this fast-growing market. The Starbucks Rewards program in China, which we upgraded in December 2018, continues to rapidly drive new membership. At the end of Q4, active members reached 10 million, up 45% over the prior year. To support this growth, we up-leveled our Tmall flagship store in September to offer our Starbucks Rewards members exclusive products and a tailor-made gift experience. And we enabled members to earn Stars from online shopping.
We recently celebrated the 1-year anniversary of our China digital partnership with Alibaba, and I'm pleased to share that we surpassed our goal of expanding Starbucks Delivers to 3,000 stores in 100 cities by the end of the fiscal year. This propelled mobile order sales mix in China to 10% in the fourth quarter, with 7 points coming from Starbucks Delivers and 3 points from our recently launched mobile order for pickup.
In the fourth quarter, we also ushered in a new era of digital customer engagement in China with the launch of voice ordering and delivery via Tmall Genie as we continue to enhance the customer experience around mobile ordering. These elevated digital experience is our key drivers of accelerated growth in Starbucks Rewards membership in China and provides significant momentum for us to introduce further innovations in fiscal year '20 as we work to constantly elevate the customer experience and reward loyalty.
Moving on to the Global Coffee Alliance. Just 1 year after announcing this alliance with Nestlé, we have launched 3 new coffee platforms in over 30 new markets: Starbucks by Nespresso, Starbucks by Dolce Gusto and Starbucks roast and ground coffees. We did this in record time and ahead of schedule. In addition to the coffee platforms, we also launched a new product category, Starbucks Creamers, in North America in Q4. 
We entered China's at-home and foodservice segments through the alliance, allowing Chinese consumers to enjoy some of their favorite Starbucks coffees in the comfort of their home. This partnership has enabled us to accelerate the global reach of the Starbucks brand in key markets. And looking ahead, we plan to be in 50 global markets in the first half of 2020.
Moving on to returns to one of our key stakeholder groups, our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we returned nearly $3 billion to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, bringing our full year shareholder capital returns to $12 billion. Including what we returned in fiscal year '18, we've now returned approximately $21 billion to shareholders, well on our way to meeting our 3-year commitment of $25 billion by the end of fiscal year '20. And I'm pleased to share that our board has approved a 14% dividend increase this quarter, making the 10th consecutive year that we've increased our dividend by a double-digit percentage. Our Growth at Scale model, combined with our strong balance sheet, position Starbucks to have the financial flexibility to both invest in our growth and reward our shareholders.
In closing, our fiscal year '19 performance gives us confidence that our Growth at Scale agenda is helping unlock the full potential of the Starbucks brand. With great intentionality, we've invested in our partners, in technology and in our stores to drive long-term growth. And we have made significant progress to streamline our company through organizational restructuring and through the licensing of some international markets, enabling us to bring even more focus and discipline to the core of our business. This has helped us to accelerate the pace of innovation at Starbucks, both at the support center and in the field, to deliver relevant, meaningful and inspiring experiences for our partners and our customers. And with the plans that we've developed for fiscal year '20, including continued investment, we are excited about our ability to sustain this growth in the years ahead.
Reflecting back on the historic Starbucks Leadership Experience we hosted in Chicago last month, it is my strong belief that the store manager plays a pivotal role in the growth and success of our company. That is why we convened 12,000 store managers and field leaders from the U.S. and Canada to reflect on and celebrate our mission and values while recommitting to the shared belief that by better serving our partners, we enable them to stand shoulder to shoulder and create best moments for our customers. This is at the center of who we are as a company and will remain a guiding light as we go forward.
The Chicago leadership experience was an important milestone in our journey, and we will be back in Chicago again next month for another key milestone, the opening of our sixth Starbucks Reserve Roastery. This will be the largest Starbucks store in the world, a beautifully designed iconic store on Michigan Avenue. And I can't wait to celebrate this opening with our partners and customers, and we hope to see many of you there soon.
With that, I'll turn over the call to Pat and look forward to taking your questions later in the call. Pat?

David, thanks for the question. Roz, do you want to take that one for us?

And David, I'll just punctuate. The Growth at Scale agenda really is about delivering predictable, sustainable growth. And to do that, we've really sharpened the focus on the elements that Roz mentioned and are executing with discipline. So if you look at the 3 initiatives that we prioritize for this, elevate the experience in our stores, drive relevant beverage innovation for our customers and grow digital customer relationships, those 3 things are what's driving an all-time high in customer connection scores. That is, in turn, driving traffic growth. And those same 3 priorities that we've focused on throughout fiscal year '19 will be the same ones we continue to drive in fiscal year '20. And that's part of what gives us confidence that we are pushing on the right elements that we think differentiates the Starbucks brand versus alternatives in the market, strengthens the connection between our partners and the customers, driving customer connection scores to an all-time high, and in turn, driving traffic and growth.

Go ahead, Roz.

Katherine, there's 3 key benefits of this new Mastrena machine that I want to really punctuate. Number one is it can pull a triple shot espresso with 1 pull. Today, in our older machines, you have to pull a Doubleshot and then another single shot for any beverage that has 3 shots of espresso. So just that alone reduces the amount of time that a partner at the bar would need to take if they're preparing a beverage that has 3 shots of espresso in it. So that's number one, big efficiency unlock. Number two, those machines have Internet of Things sensors built into them. And so we get telemetry data that comes into our support center. We can see every shot of espresso that's being pulled, and we can see centrally if there is a machine that's out that needs tuning or maintenance. And that allows us to improve the quality of the shots that we're pulling. And third, with the Deep Brew and our predictive analytics, we're going to be able to determine if a machine needs preventative maintenance on it before it breaks. And so that simplifies things for our partners. John, you want to comment on the...

Thanks, Jeffrey. John, why don't you...

Pat, why don't you take the second question around that, the Growth at Scale, long-term Growth at Scale growth model, and specifically, the way we think about our comp guidance in China.

Pat, why don't I let you take that with Sara, and then we'll see if Roz and John need to add to it. But why don't you go ahead and lead?

Yes. Let me just frame kind of my thinking at a high level, David, and then I'll hand over to Roz and John to comment specifically on U.S. and China. I do think that while we're focused on the same key things, to create a great experience in our stores, to drive beverage innovation that's relevant to our customers and to grow digital customer relationships, the 2 markets are very different. Clearly, in China, this past year, we've seen a significant step forward in our digital customer relationships. A lot of that driven with our China digital partnership with Alibaba, we introduced a spend-based rewards program in December. We launched the ability for mobile order for pickup. We launched Starbucks Delivers. And in China, what you see is the consumer base in China is much more digitally savvy than any other market in the world. You just look at the percent of tender that's paid on the mobile app with Alipay or WeChat Pay. You look at the numbers scenarios in China that are digital mobile scenarios. And so the work that Belinda and Leo and our great China leadership team did this year in many ways was anchored around taking a big step forward in the digital flywheel. And that's where -- a year ago we didn't have mobile ordering for pickup or delivery. Now 10% of our sales mix is coming from that, with 7 points from Starbucks Delivers and 3 for mobile order for pickup.
In the U.S., I think in that particular market, we've had digital flywheel and the active rewards member growth for several years now. And I think in the U.S., a lot of this was continuing to extend and accelerate that. But I think more importantly, the work that's gone into creating -- elevating the customer experience in our stores and really sharpening our focus on the beverage innovation, while at the same time, expanding digital customer relationships has helped. I don't -- delivery, Starbucks Delivers in the U.S. still is very small. It's less than 1% of our sales mix. And I think part of that is because the cost dynamics are different in China versus the U.S. And I think the Chinese consumer is much more advanced in these digital scenarios than in the U.S. But I think we're going to continue to watch and see how that evolves in the U.S.
Let me hand over to -- so I guess the net is, David, I think we do have 2 very different markets with the consumer behavior and the state of evolution of Starbucks. And our capabilities in those markets continues to evolve in a way that's relevant to the customer mix in each of those 2 markets. Roz, why don't you add the things you think are important on the U.S. side? And then John, why don't you do the same on China?

Pat, why don't you take that if you could?

John, you want to just comment on the international market expansion on Global Coffee Alliance, kind of what we achieved in fiscal '19 and the outlook for fiscal '20?

Thanks, Sharon. Roz, why don't you take the first question on the digitally registered customers that Sharon asked. And then Pat, why don't you take the margin question, if you could? So Roz?

Roz, why don't you go ahead and take that for us?

Let me just add a comment on the strength of the Starbucks brand. Growth at Scale has really enabled us to really sharpen our focus on those things that we believe differentiate Starbucks from all other opportunities and all other experiences. So the focus that we've put on the customer experience in our stores, the focus we've put on beverage innovation, the focus we've put on digital customer relationships and the fact that we have executed against this with discipline has driven our customer connection scores to an all-time high. The brand is healthy and strong and growing. And so in many ways, our Growth at Scale agenda has really enabled us to put our energy behind the things that matter most and the things candidly that differentiate us from all others in the marketplace. And I think that is the significant reason why we're seeing transaction traffic growth, we're seeing comp growth and we're seeing momentum across all aspects of Starbucks. And that is helping us in many ways, both digitally. But it's also, more importantly, really amplified by the experience that our Starbucks partners who proudly wear the green apron create for our customers each and every day.

That's great. Roz, why don't you take that for us?

Thanks, Hector. As we close today's call, I want you all to know how much we appreciate the support and the encouragement we've received from the investment community over this past year as we've undertaken significant efforts to streamline the company, sharpen our focus and drive improvements in operating performance. This would not be possible without the 400,000 talented Starbucks partners that I have the privilege to serve each and every day. Together, we look forward to a great year ahead and to sharing our results and our progress in future quarters. Thank you.