Well, good afternoon, and welcome. Q1 was an exceptional quarter for Starbucks. The positive business momentum we've created over the past fiscal year continues with a strong start to fiscal 2020. These results were fueled by a healthy balance of comparable sales growth and new store development as well as continued expansion of our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé. I'm especially pleased that we delivered meaningful margin expansion in the quarter even as we continued to invest in the key areas to support sustainable growth, first and foremost in our partners as well as in beverage innovation and digital customer relationships.
Given the strength of our Q1 results, we had intended to raise certain aspects of our full year financial outlook for fiscal 2020. However, due to the dynamic situation unfolding with the coronavirus, we are not revising guidance at this time. But as we get more clarity on the situation, we will transparently communicate with investors.
Our immediate focus is on 2 key priorities in China: first, caring for the health and well-being of our partners and customers in our stores; second, playing a constructive role in supporting local health officials and government leaders as they work to contain the coronavirus. That said, we remain optimistic and committed to the long-term growth potential in China, a market we have been in for more than 20 years.
Before I hand over to Pat, who will provide more detail on our Q1 financial performance, let me share some highlights for the quarter, which provide powerful evidence of the unique strength of our brand. I will also outline additional steps we are taking that continue to elevate Starbucks in ways that will inspire our partners and deepen our relationship with customers.
In the first quarter, Starbucks delivered global revenue growth of 9%, excluding the 2% impact of streamline activities. This was led by strong comp sales growth of 5% and net new store growth of 6% over the last 12 months. At the forefront of these results were our 2 lead growth markets, the U.S. and China, along with Channel Development. The U.S. grew revenues by an impressive 9% in Q1 led by comp sales growth of 6%, including comp transaction growth of 3% for a third consecutive quarter. With a 2-year sales comp of 10% for the past 2 consecutive quarters, it is clear that our focus on the customer experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships is working.
At the center of this are our Starbucks partners and the investments we continue to make in them. It is no coincidence that following last September's leadership experience where we hosted 12,000 Starbucks field leaders and outlined a series of partner-focused initiatives and investments, our partners delivered one of the most successful U.S. holiday seasons in the history of the company.
Our partners in China also delivered a solid quarter with revenues increasing by 15% in Q1, excluding a 2% impact of foreign exchange, fueled by a 16% increase in net new stores over the past 12 months and a 3% increase in comp. And for the fourth consecutive quarter, we grew total transactions at a double-digit percentage pace in this strategically important market. On every market visit I make to China, I experience firsthand the passion, innovation and commitment our partners demonstrate each and every day, and I'm proud of them. Given the purposeful and highly differentiated partner investments, it is no surprise Starbucks was recently named China's best employer by Aon Hewitt for the fifth consecutive year.
Finally, on the strength of our channel partnerships with Nestlé and Pepsi, our Channel Development revenue grew 5% in Q1 when normalized for the 7% impact of the Tazo and Global Coffee Alliance transitions, boosting our share of the coffee market outside of specialty retail. This is another example of the strength of the Starbucks brand that continues to expand globally, reaching more customers through more channels. Collectively, these results demonstrate that we are on the right track with our Growth at Scale agenda. I am especially grateful to all Starbucks partners around the world who celebrate coffee and human connection and whose passion and commitment to the Starbucks mission and our company values are creating long-term, sustainable value for all stakeholders.
As we approach the 50th anniversary of Starbucks in 2021, I am optimistic about the future. Why? Well, when I step back and look at the quarter, I see multiple proof points of the unique strength of our brand, strength that is derived from targeted investments that bolster our competitive position in a high-growth category, enabling us to unlock the full potential of one of the world's most admired and trusted brands. In the U.S., customer connection scores reached another all-time high in Q1 as our dedicated store partners continue to elevate the Starbucks experience and deliver the very best moments with our customers each and every day. We realize this is a key differentiator for Starbucks, and we continue to make investments in partner hours, benefits and training. There's no doubt that our partners and the investments we make in them are at the core of creating the unique Starbucks Experience that fueled our Q1 performance.
Additionally, our brand equity research in the first quarter confirmed that Starbucks continues to lead consumer perceptions of specialty coffee retail concepts in the U.S., well ahead of other brands, including so-called third wave independent and local coffee concepts. This is aided in part by our proprietary beverage innovation and our unique ability to personalize handcrafted beverages at scale. We strengthened this competitive advantage in Q1 by extending our Cold Brew platform and Cold Foam options with 2 new seasonal beverages: Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew and Irish Cream Cold Brew which, together, contributed to our traffic growth for the quarter. Notably, for 5 consecutive quarters, our comp growth has outperformed the external indexes and benchmarks we track in the restaurant and QSR space.
Our brand strength was also evident on the digital front in Q1. In the U.S., we added a record 1.4 million customers to our 90-day active Starbucks Rewards member base, ending the quarter with 18.9 million active members, a 16% increase over prior year. This is important because we know from experience that when customers join our rewards program, their total spend with Starbucks increases meaningfully. We also know that Starbucks is increasingly valued for convenience as the mix of Mobile Order & Pay transactions in the U.S. grew to 17% in Q1. And our industry-leading digital platform will further differentiate us from the competition over time.
Our digital progress in China was equally compelling and is resonating with the digitally savvy Chinese consumer. Proprietary research in Q1 showed that Starbucks remains the country's most beloved coffee brand and customers' first choice for away-from-home coffee. In the first quarter, sales from China's mobile orders jumped to 15% of total revenue, up from 10% the past quarter, with 9% coming from delivery and 6% from mobile order and pickup. Underpinning these results was the continued growth of China's 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members, reaching 10.2 million customers in Q1. That's 40% growth over the prior year when the program was relaunched. Our first quarter digital strength in China was further evidenced by record sales on Alibaba's Singles' Day shopping festival, the #1 card position on Tmall and the leading brand on WeChat social gifting platform. Over our 20 years in China, we have established unparalleled brand stature by delivering a unique premium experience to our customers.
Outside of specialty coffee retail, the power of our brand was demonstrated by the continued expansion of our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, now in more than 40 markets, including the additional 5 new markets we entered in Q1, with product sales significantly ahead of expectations. Every customer interaction in our stores establishes customer affinity and brand loyalty, with the Global Coffee Alliance then acting as a brand amplifier, bringing Starbucks coffee to new channels and new markets.
Our Starbucks Reserve Roasteries are also important brand amplifiers. In November, we opened our Roastery in Chicago, our sixth Roastery globally, to a phenomenal customer reception. Since the opening, the store continues to gain international attention, attracting an average of 10,000 visitors a day with a peak of more than 21,000 visitors in a single day. I want to thank our Starbucks partners who work in the Chicago Roastery as well as the City of Chicago for the warm welcome and spectacular response to the opening of the world's largest Starbucks.
These proof points provide clear evidence that the Starbucks brand is not only strong but is getting stronger through the focus and discipline of our Growth at Scale agenda. In fact, just last week, Starbucks was named one of Fortune's Most Admired Companies for the 18th consecutive year.
In summary, I could not be more pleased with our Q1 results and how they reinforce the unique strength of Starbucks. But make no mistake, we do not take this for granted. We will continue to take clear and decisive steps to build our brand for the future, focusing on our competitive advantages, investing in our partners as they create those unique Starbucks experiences for our customers, driving beverage innovation and enhancing digital relationships. And while we do this, we are further amplifying our brand through the Global Coffee Alliance and committing to an even higher level of social responsibility with bolder aspirations for environmental sustainability.
As many of you have seen, last week, we disclosed an ambitious multi-decade aspiration for Starbucks to become a resource-positive company, which means we, as a company, want to give more than we take from the planet. We thought long and hard about this aspiration and are being deliberate in our approach. Over the past year, we conducted a rigorous environmental sustainability study in partnership with third-party advocacy groups. We embraced science-based targets and utilized industry experts to audit every aspect related to Starbucks' impact on climate, water and waste. We have shared the sustainability baseline report and our aspirations transparently on our website, knowing that this will not be easy. The journey will not be linear. It will require innovation, many industry partnerships, alignment with other like-minded companies, public policy support and engagement of Starbucks partners and customers. This will challenge us in new and different ways and will require transformational change and measured risk-taking.
We start this journey understanding our footprint, building upon our decade of experience in sustainability and committing to lead on something that is important to all of humanity: taking care of our planet. And we invite others to join us. As announced last week, we will be transparent in reporting short- and long-term progress against our goals, and we will start with preliminary targets for 2030. That will be the focus of our research and operational plans going forward. Then on Starbucks' 50th anniversary in 2021, we will formalize our 2030 environmental goals and our strategies based on what we have learned between now and then.
As we embark on this journey, we will prioritize, sequence and balance our investments as we do across every aspect of our business. We remain committed to our ongoing double-digit EPS growth model. We have momentum. Our brand is strong, and we will continue to responsibly grow our business by staying true to our mission and values: doing the right things to care for and inspire our partners, creating great Starbucks experiences for our customers and pursuing a bold aspiration for the planet.
In closing, I would again like to thank my fellow Starbucks partners around the world. I have the privilege of sharing all your good work on these calls, and it is an honor to serve you and all of our stakeholders. I would also like to reiterate our support for the ongoing work as we respond to the coronavirus in a thoughtful and responsible way to protect our partners and support health officials and the government as they work to contain this public health risk. Starbucks has made a donation to the Red Cross to help support these efforts. We are making decisions real time to ensure the health and well-being of our partners, and I am proud of how Starbucks China is navigating a very dynamic situation.
Now I'll turn it over to Pat for a deeper dive into our Q1 financial results and an update on our FY '20 outlook. Pat?

Thanks, John. We'll have John Culver kind of give you a little bit of color on the day-to-day in China, and then Pat will follow up on the second part of your question related to the implications. John?

John, you might want to comment on the new markets and...

John, I'll let -- I'll have Roz give you a little perspective on Deep Brew and how it's influencing our performance.

John, why don't you take that one?

Yes. Just add to John's comments and share a perspective, Jeffrey. I think, look, over -- throughout history, we've had many, many competitors enter the market. Look, coffee is a large and growing addressable market. And we stay focused on the premium experience and the unique differentiators that we believe create Starbucks. And if you look throughout history, there's a consistent pattern. In most all cases, our competitors shift to focusing more on the value play. And you see that time and time again. And I think we can continue to see that trend.
So the lesson for us is continue to amplify those unique differentiators that make us Starbucks. And that's why as you think about the Growth at Scale, we really, as John said, amplify the customer experience we create in the store. We amplify the quality of our coffee and the beverage innovation that we provide, the fact those beverages are handcrafted and personalized for each and every customer. And then we extended that in-store experience to a digital customer relationship. And those mix of ingredients are what differentiates us. And we feel confident that we understand them, we don't compromise those and we stay focused on playing our game. It's worked in the past, it's working today and it will work in the future.

Well, thank you all for joining us on today's call. I want to close by recognizing my Starbucks partners around the world for such a strong Q1 performance and the underlying business momentum that we are building as a company. I also want to recognize my Starbucks partners who are navigating the dynamic situation related to the coronavirus in China. As we deal with these extraordinary circumstances, we will remain focused on caring for the health and well-being of our partners, supporting health officials as they work to contain the coronavirus and doing all of this staying true to the mission and values that built this great company.
To our investors, I appreciate your patience and understanding as we work through the temporary business impacts in China. We are as confident as ever in the strength and resilience of our double-digit earnings growth model for the long term, and we are committed to maintaining transparency as we gain a better understanding of the magnitude and duration of the near-term business impacts. I serve all stakeholders of this great company, and I'm so optimistic about our future as we continue to build an enduring company. Thank you.