Well, thank you, Greg, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. I'm very pleased to comment on the record Q4 and FY '21 results Starbucks reported today. I'm particularly pleased that we were able to deliver these results in Starbucks' 50th anniversary year and in the face of increased costs and unprecedented operating challenges resulting from the global pandemic. Today's results reflect very strong operating and financial performance across the board, with Q4 revenue growing 22% and full year non-GAAP EPS of 168% over prior year. This was a record Q4 that punctuates a very strong FY '21 performance with record highs in revenue, non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP EPS.
Our performance accelerated throughout FY '21, fueling revenue growth of 21%. Non-GAAP operating income grew 139% and translated to a non-GAAP earnings of $3.24 per share, near the high end of our guidance for the year. Perhaps more persuasively than ever, the strength and resilience of the Starbucks brand and the power and opportunity afforded by the authentic connection and the deep trust and loyalty we have built with customers around the world is resonating.
Today's results demonstrate that despite the pandemic, Starbucks' long-term double-digit Growth at Scale model remains solidly intact. Today's results also underscore the passion and dedication of our over 400,000 Starbucks Green Apron partners who serve nearly 100 million customer occasions around the world every week. And I'm humbled by our partners' commitment to each other and to our customers as we continue to navigate through the pandemic. Their resilience and service honors the company and our history, and I could not be more appreciative of their efforts.
Finally, today's results demonstrate the success of the investments we have made and will continue to make ahead of the growth curve in our people, digital, beverage and food innovation and store experiences. These investments are driving and strengthening our global business and setting us up for even greater success in the future.
Starbucks' long-standing view is that our partners guide this company, and we applaud other like-minded companies who are following our lead. Starbucks has been at the forefront of investing in our people since we opened our first store in the Pike Place market in Seattle in 1971. We offer paid company health care 25 years before the Affordable Care Act; equity ownership in the form of Bean Stock to eligible part-time partners; free college tuition through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan with Arizona State University; and mental health support through our partnership with Lyra. Investing in our people is the cornerstone of our storied 50-year history and tradition. And these investments continue to deliver real measurable value to our partners, our customers and our shareholders.
I'll be providing granularity around the incremental partner investments we made beginning last year and the additional partner investments we will be making in fiscal '22 in a moment. On today's call, I will highlight Q4 performance in our key markets and provide detail around some of our actions and investments since the pandemic first surfaced in Q2 of 2020 that are contributing to our performance today and setting us up for accelerated growth in the future. I'll also open a window on our exciting holiday plans and several initiatives that will launch over the near term. Then I'll turn the call over to Rachel to provide a deep dive into our Q4 and fiscal year performance and share our guidance for fiscal '22. We'll then move on to Q&A.
Over the last 18 months, Starbucks, like most global retail operators, has been confronted with a seemingly never-ending wave of consumer and business headwinds. Many businesses in our space have not survived. From day 1 of the pandemic, Starbucks leaders around the world were determined to use the company's size and scale to navigate whatever challenges lie ahead with steadfast commitment to our people, our mission and values. A set of principles guided us through the pandemic. Every decision was rooted in our core purpose and reason for being. These decisions have made the Starbucks of today stronger and better positioned to profitably grow, extend our coffee leadership around the world and create more value for our shareholders more than ever before in our history. 
Last year, we made significant pandemic-driven strategic investments, including providing our partners with financial support and economic certainty, avoiding layoffs while most of our stores were temporarily closed and accelerating our U.S. store portfolio transformation by opportunistically repositioning 500 stores to better locations with more favorable economics. To this last point, we expanded our portfolio of drive-throughs, introduced new store formats to meet our customers where they are and turbocharged growth in our digital customer relationships in the U.S. and China.
As a result of these successful investments, we are entering fiscal '22 with strong momentum around the world. In the U.S., our largest global market, our key growth driver is comparable sales. We grew a strong 2-year comp to 11% in Q4 despite variance across the country that created a dynamic set of city-by-city COVID restrictions which we had to navigate. We made significant progress addressing supply chain issues and experienced an overall improvement in inventory availability as we moved through the quarter by increasing production at existing suppliers, onboarding new suppliers and strategically prioritizing key holiday and Q1 merchandise. While we made significant progress addressing supply chain challenges as fiscal 2021 progressed, we remain cautious and vigilant as we enter fiscal '22 given the dynamic nature of the situation.
The recovery in Q4 surged forward as evidenced by the sequential acceleration of 2-year comp growth. We exited Q4 with even stronger 14% 2-year comp growth in September and closed to a record average ticket driven by the strength of our fall beverage lineup, a shift in customer behavior toward more premium beverages and strong food attach. We have great confidence for the year ahead given the comp momentum throughout the quarter, combined with holiday plans certain to excite and delight our customers and increasing consumer demand around the world today for everything Starbucks.
Yesterday, we made an important announcement to raise wages across the U.S. in fiscal '22 to ensure we continue to attract and retain talented partners as consumer mobility continues to increase. We believe this investment, combined with our industry-leading benefits program, will enable us to remain an employer of choice. This builds on the historic partner investments and meaningful wage increases we made in fiscal year '21 and prioritizes significant additional investment to address inflation and wage compression that our tenured partners have experienced while also increasing our wage floor.
In December of 2020, I announced our intention to provide a starting wage of at least $15 an hour for our store partners across the country. And by the summer of '22, we will have delivered on that plan. Effective in January, partners with 2 or more years of service will get up to a 5% raise, and partners with 5 or more years will get up to a 10% raise in keeping with our long-standing history of investing in our partners. And next summer, hourly partners in the U.S. will make an average of nearly $17 an hour, with barista rates ranging from $15 to $23 an hour across the country. In total, the FY '21 and FY '22 investments represent approximately $1 billion in incremental annual wages and benefits.
We continue to build a great and enduring company by investing ahead of the growth curve, not just in wages but in training and technology and the overall Starbucks experience for both our partners and our customers. And as we have seen in the past, we expect investment in the partner experience will be accretive to profits over time.
We believe the U.S. market is at a unique inflection point. Stakeholders and companies whose leaders correctly identify emerging trends, thoughtfully shape strategic action and invest in the future will be big winners over the long term. In the quarters ahead, Starbucks will continue to target investment in high-returning assets that we believe will accelerate our double-digit Growth at Scale model, driving long-term sustainable and profitable growth.
We continue to build and leverage our technology-first mobile and digital capabilities and accelerate growth in active Starbucks Rewards membership. We grew our 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members, representing our most loyal engaged customers by approximately 30% in fiscal year '21 to 24.8 million members. Noteworthy is that in Q4, 51% of U.S. tender for company-operated stores was generated by this loyal customer base. We continue to nurture and deepen our direct personalized digital relationship with our members with enhancements to the program like Stars for Everyone to expand reach and through payment partnerships with PayPal and Bakkt, where a customer can now reload their Starbucks card with a range of cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, Ethereum and others, by converting digital currencies to physical currency and reloading their Starbucks card.
Through blockchain or other innovative technologies, we are exploring how to tokenize Stars, create the ability for other merchants to connect their rewards program to Starbucks Rewards. This will enable customers to exchange value across brands, engage in more personalized experiences, enhance digital services and exchange other loyalty points for Stars at Starbucks. An example of this innovation is evident in the recent launch of our Canadian loyalty program with Air Canada. 
Over the next year, you will see the first instance of this loyalty points exchange with other consumer brands. This approach will also serve as a foundation for a more aspirational concept for new, modern payment rails that align payment expenses with the value received by customers and merchants. We intend to be at the forefront of this disruptive innovation, which will unfold over the next few years.
Finally, a rich pipeline of innovation will elevate the Starbucks experience in our stores and drive in-store productivity gains. Examples include our Mastrena 2 espresso machines that more efficiently pulls triple shots of high-quality espresso; our Deep Brew artificial intelligence platform that has automated daily inventory management; and store staffing and training improvements designed to reduce complexity in our stores. Simplifying this workflow helps reduce the strain on our partners, resulting from the ever-increased demand in our stores and enables our partners to connect and engage with their customers, which is at the heart of the Starbucks experience.
Starbucks is entering fiscal year '22 with strong customer demand and solid momentum in our U.S. business and expanding and accelerating in-store channels and digital flywheel and Green Apron partners eager to deliver an elevated Starbucks experience to their customers. Having navigated through so many challenges over the past year, we are excited and optimistic about the year that has just begun while remaining humble and mindful of unknown challenges.
On to China. Starbucks China extended our market leadership position in Q4 despite pandemic-driven disruptions, propelled by an accelerated pace of store development and significant growth in digital customer relationships, all while achieving record customer engagement scores in the quarter and in the year. Starbucks has built one of the most respected consumer brands in China, with 1 in 2 consumers preferring Starbucks to any other brands in away-from-home coffee.
Our growth strategy in the market continues to differentiate us and position us well for the long game. We continue to invest meaningfully in all aspects of our China business, including accelerated investment in our partners; the creation of award-winning, experiential store designs; unprecedented benefits like health care for partners and their parents; rent assistance; and programs that offer career paths for young people from rural and remote provinces. Together, these investments further elevate the Starbucks brand and partner experience. They instill pride in our China partners and deepen our customer engagement and connection.
Starbucks continues to be in a strong market expansion cycle. And as such, much of our growth in China comes as we aggressively expand our store footprint and introduce more customers to the Starbucks experience. We expanded the store footprint with 225 net new stores in Q4, and we are going deeper and broader, deeper into existing cities and broader by opening in new cities.
For the full fiscal year, we opened a record 654 net new stores and ended the year with 5,360 stores in 208 cities throughout China. As we noted on our Q3 earnings call, our recovery in China will not be linear. In Q4, we experienced COVID-related restrictions that constrained customer mobility in 18 provincial-level regions. At its peak in mid-August, approximately 80% of our stores in China were impacted by the pandemic, with some stores fully closed or operating at different levels of elevated public health protocols, such as mobile ordering only, limited seating or health stations. Our recovery momentum was below expectation and pushed our 2-year comps to a minus 10% in Q4. Cities with local COVID cases were impacted the most, with stores relying on transportation and tourism also materially impacted during the quarter.
Notably, though, much like the U.S., China's 2-year comp also accelerated in the month of September as we remain optimistic for the recovery. Despite these strong headwinds, China grew revenue 11% year-on-year. While our overall reported comp growth was minus 7% for Q4, if we exclude the lap of a VAT subsidy we received in fiscal year '20, along with the stores and cities that experienced local COVID cases or were in transportation and tourism zones, our core fleet of stores comped positive. Starbucks' business and operating margins remained strong, and our commitment to China and our confidence in our long-term growth strategy in China is unwavering.
In addition to expanding our portfolio of stores in China, we also expanded our digital footprint with 90 days Starbucks Rewards active members, reaching an all-time high of 17.9 million in Q4. This represents a sequential increase of 5% over Q3 and an increase of 33% over prior year. Frequency of purchases by our Gold members remained at pre-pandemic levels despite the mobility limitations in the quarter, demonstrating the effectiveness of our efforts in up-leveling member engagement. One example was our Star Dash gift with purchase campaign that successfully lifted member frequency and spend and evolved into a highly anticipated activity for members to earn limited availability to Starbucks' 50th anniversary merchandise.
With operations heavily impacted by COVID-related safety restrictions in the quarter, we are laser-focused on what we can control in China while continuing to elevate our partner and customer experiences to further elevate the Starbucks brand and build on the loyalty that will continue to drive our long-term growth.
Including the U.S. and China, Starbucks' presence in 84 markets around the world provides us with a unique perspective on the global recovery from this pandemic. There's no doubt that we are seeing continued recovery in our markets.
Latin America grew system sales by 113% in Q4 driven by a strong recovery in Mexico. EMEA posted system sales growth of 52% in the quarter. And Japan navigated through a challenging quarter, turning the corner towards renewed growth. We see positive signs in many other markets as well as reinforcing our belief that pandemic-related headwinds are temporary.
In addition, our strategic channel partnerships with the North American Coffee Partnership with PepsiCo and our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé are on plan and have propelled Starbucks to #1 share positions in the U.S. and throughout many other markets around the world, further underscoring the strength and resilience of the Starbucks brand and illuminating the decades-long runway of growth ahead.
As we enter fiscal year '22, we are fully prepared for a record-breaking holiday with strong growth planned around the world and a holiday campaign designed to build genuine human connection as only Starbucks can at a time when human connection is more important than ever.
In addition to new and iconic seasonal products, we are integrating brand building and transaction-driving marketing programs to demonstrate our values and touch our customers' hearts. We are prepared with inventory this holiday, and we are also anticipating that nearly $3 billion will be loaded on Starbucks Cards this season by leveraging our digital and out-of-store distribution channels and creating a promotional presence in drive-through lanes, where we have seen significant channel shift during the pandemic. We are ready for this holiday.
In closing, Starbucks' strong performance through the recovery is a direct result of the hard work and dedication of our partners as well as the investments we made both before and during the pandemic. We remain confident in our future and steadfast in our commitment to deliver long-term value to all stakeholders. This confidence supports the plan we announced today to return $20 billion to shareholders over the next 3 years through dividends and share repurchases. I'm particularly pleased that hundreds of thousands of Starbucks partners who are also Starbucks shareholders through our Bean Stock program will also benefit from this plan.
50 years ago, Starbucks was founded as a different kind of company, a company that would balance profit with social conscious and embrace the ideal that doing good for one another and for society would actually be very good for business over the long term. Our performance in 2021 demonstrates the wisdom and correctness of that founding principle. As we enter our second 50 years, we continue to honor our history and heritage just as we boldly reimagine our future.
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rachel. Rachel?

And David, this is Kevin. Let me just add to Rachel's comments. The strategic investments we are making in wage, here's how to think about it. First, our Q4 and FY '21 revenue results demonstrate that we are growing faster than the coffee addressable market as estimated by Euromonitor. We are taking market share. Then if you look at consumer mobility, it's going to continue to increase, and we want to recruit and retain the very best talent for our stores. The most important investment we can make is in our Green Apron partners. We know this to be true because it has been proven time and time again throughout our 50-year history. That when we take care of our partners, they always rise to the occasion and create that unique Starbucks experience for our customers. Clearly, from my perspective, this investment in our partners is not only the right thing to do for them. It's also the right thing to do for all stakeholders, including our shareholders. 
We're on the front foot right now, and we have this opportunity to accelerate by investing into the growth curve. This means with this investment, we predict higher market share gains as consumers return to our stores, and these share gains will be permanent. And these share gains will create long-term shareholder value. If you think about it and you model this, those permanent gains, we know we get operating leverage as we get more customers. So if you just take the share gains and you run the spreadsheets on operating leverage, that is what's going to create -- this is actually going to increase the terminal value calculation for Starbucks. And we're so confident in this strategy, in this investment, that's why we're committing this $20 billion return to shareholders over the next 3 years.
So this is all about leaning into the growth, taking market share that's going to be permanent, and the benefit of that market share is going to create significantly more shareholder value than we would have created without the investment. And we're so confident we're $20 billion returned to shareholders in dividends and buybacks. That's how I think about it, and that's how I think every shareholder ought to think about this investment.

Yes, Andrew, I'll take the first part of your question, then I'll hand it to Rachel. Look, with COVID cases, in this case, the Delta variant, it creates the variability in consumer behavior. So as you saw in the United States more government restrictions, and many of these were done state by state and city by city, that we had to respond to, that I think was the impact in August. And as we responded to those and certainly as I think consumers start to see the Delta variance, the curve starting to slow, consumer mobility unfolds. So these are all transitory and they're unpredictable. It's all related to the pandemic. So the acceleration that we saw in both the U.S. and China are the exact same reason. It's just a variable of dealing with the global pandemic. And when these Delta variants and these other things pop up, it does have some impact on consumer mobility. 
But the one thing we know for sure, absolutely, we see it in every market around the world, that as the spread of COVID gets under control in -- market by market, customers return to our stores immediately. That's why this investment in wage and ensuring we staff our stores with the very best and most talented Green Apron partners we can is so important. This is the right time to make that investment, and we're confident that, that investment is going to return significant value to shareholders. Rachel, do you want to take the second part of the question?

Thanks, John. We'll hand to John Culver to share perspective on your question.

Yes. Thanks, Sara. For your first question on China, Leo is joining us on the call from Shanghai. So Leo, why don't I hand the question over to you?

Thank you, Leo. Sara, let me take the second half of your question -- the back half of your question regarding these investments. And I just want to start by just sort of looking back at some of the strategic investments that we made through this pandemic, starting with the decision we took in March of 2020 to give our partners economic certainty and pay them with no lapse, no furloughs, pay them while we closed all of our stores in the United States and just kept drive-throughs open, that was a big strategic decision. And we made that decision certainly staying true to our mission and values and taking care of our partners. But we also knew that as this pandemic began to ease and the recovery came back, our partners would be there, and they were.
And so why do you think we drove a faster recovery than people expected? Why did we drive a faster recovery than others in the industry? Answer, because we had the courage to make that strategic bet at that time in March of 2020. Then in June of 2020, we made the strategic decision to transform the trade area portfolio, the store portfolio in the United States. We basically repositioned nearly 600 stores to reposition them to better serve our customers and to give us better economics and to elevate the customer experience. That strategic decision -- we had the courage to make that. And that strategic decision today is giving us margin expansion, an elevated customer experience, and that, too, is contributing to our recovery.
I think about this decision on this wage investment the very same way we have in the past. We're going to stay true to our mission and values. And we know for certain, because we've seen it time and time again that when we invest in our partners, they rise to the occasion. And we also know this pandemic is transitory. We know vaccines work. We know that when we see markets, as governments just reduced restrictions, customers are back into our stores. So this is an opportunity for us to move now.
We can't wait. This is the time to take that market share that we know we can take, and that market share gain is permanent. That market share gain will build long-term customer engagement, long-term customer loyalty, and that market share gain will also drive operating leverage in our stores. In addition to that, we also know that we have a combination of in-store productivity innovation that's going to help offset that. We also have pricing power. And we're very thoughtful about how we take price, but we are taking price and we will continue to take price in an inflationary environment.
So we just believe this is the absolute right thing to do at this moment in time. And this investment, like the other 2 that I just described, will return value to shareholders. Because of that, that's why we reinforced our confidence with this $20 billion return to shareholders in the form of repurchases and buybacks. Thanks for your question.

Okay. Let me -- I'll have Rachel comment. Then I want John Culver to give you sort of the perspective on where we're at in supply chain. But Rachel?

And since you raised coffee, John, we're 14 months price-locked on coffee with several months of inventory in the warehouse. So we're -- there's not a risk on coffee.

Yes, Jeffrey, thanks for the question. I think clearly, our Growth at Scale agenda identifies the U.S. and China as our 2 lead markets, and we're very happy with that agenda. I think China still has a significantly long runway of growth. And you see us continue to expand and accelerate the number of new stores we're building in market, as Leo highlighted. And so we're very bullish on the long term in China. U.S. continues to -- the comp growth that we're seeing and the opportunities we see to continue to grow the U.S. in terms of new stores and comp growth, still very, very bullish on that as well.
As we said, in December 2020, we're always evaluating markets, and you saw that the Korea joint venture, we did sell our 50% stake to a long-term license partners, who's been operating that market and will continue to operate that market. So we're always evaluating that. But we're happy with where we are today and I guess that's how -- that's what I would say. If you think about U.S. and China, our 2 lead growth markets, I think we're very happy with where we are today, and we see long-term growth ahead in both of those markets.

All right, Jon, let me take the first part of your question, and then I'll hand to Rachel on the second part. Look, when it comes to pricing, we continue to be very thoughtful and very strategic in how we look at pricing. And we're actually using machine learning and some of the Deep Brew technologies that inform our pricing team on where and how to take that price. I prefer not to say, hey, here's the amount of price we've built into this plan. But I think we certainly have more upside in price if we need it. But it is a dynamic thing because we're watching inflation and we really want to do this in a way that stays true to the thoughtfulness that we've always had in the past. And part of this is how do you take the right amount of price at the right time and not have customer attrition.
We're the share -- we want to grow share of customer occasions right now and so that's the balance that we strike. And it's really a fairly dynamic thing. So for us, we just -- I prefer not to say, here's what we built in, because I think we actually have more if we need it and we can take less if we don't need it. All I will say is that I think we've got a world-class pricing team backed up by world-class analytics and insights. And we are -- we were very good at this in fiscal '21, and we're going to be very good at it going forward. Rachel?

Well, thank you. And before we close today's call, I want to take this opportunity to welcome Tiffany Willis to Starbucks as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. And I also want to congratulate Greg Smith on his new role leading finance for our International and channels business. Tiffany brings great experience in finance and IR from multiple industries, including food and beverage, consumer products and technology. And we look forward to introducing her to our investment community as she begins her journey at Starbucks with us. So Tiffany, welcome.
I also want to reiterate for all of you that consumer demand is strong, and this moment in time is an inflection point. It's an opportunity for Starbucks to invest ahead of the growth curve and deliver long-term gains for all stakeholders. I think with the strategic actions that we've made, we are well positioned to grow share of customer occasions and dramatically strengthen engagement and loyalty for long-term sustainable growth.
And with that, we look forward to welcoming all of you to our stores this holiday season so that you can enjoy your seasonal favorites. And with that, have a great evening. Thanks, everybody.