Well, thanks, Durga, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by taking this opportunity to thank our outgoing VP of Investor Relations, Tom Shaw, for his leadership over the past couple of years and to wish him well as he pursues a new opportunity outside our industry. Durga is a 5-year Starbucks partner and a 20-year veteran of Investor Relations, and I'm thrilled that she's stepping up to lead our IR function in close partnership with Pat. 
Now last month, we were pleased to meet with many of you in New York, not only to showcase our latest Starbucks Reserve Roastery, but to also discuss the next chapter in Starbucks' growth agenda, which we call growth at scale. We shared with you our strategy to streamline the business, drive growth in the key markets of U.S. and China, expand our global reach through the Global Coffee Alliance while simultaneously returning significant capital to our shareholders. This strategy is working, as evidenced by our Q1 results, and we remain confident in the longer-term outlook for the business. 
Integral to our growth at scale strategy is a higher level of focus and discipline to drive predictable, sustainable, long-term growth and shareholder returns. The positive business momentum that we experienced in the fourth quarter of fiscal '18 clearly sustained throughout Q1. The strength of our results in Q1 has further reinforced the confidence and conviction we have, both near term and long term, in our strategy. 
Let me give you a few of the key financial headlines for the quarter. Record revenue was $6.6 billion, representing 9% growth versus prior year; comp sales growth of 4%, including another quarter of sequential improvement in traffic comp; net store growth of 7% on a global basis versus prior year, with over 2/3 of our new store openings outside the U.S.; continued digital momentum with U.S. active Rewards members growing 14% to 16.3 million; and return of $5.5 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. 
These results were enabled in part by solid execution during our holiday season. Our holiday plan was informed by insights we gathered from customers who highlighted what they appreciate from Starbucks during the holidays. We leverage those insights to reignite the customer connection in many ways with improved brand and product awareness; sharper and cleaner holiday merchandising; relevant new offerings, such as our limited-edition red cup promotion; and an enhanced in-store experience. This comprehensive insight-driven approach delivered results and importantly, created momentum that provides a solid foundation for future quarters, helped in part by strong performance in our gift card business. 
Taking a step back from the solid results in the quarter, I'd like to highlight the broader approach we're taking to sustain growth well into the future and update you on the progress we're making to advance this strategy. As a reminder, our growth at scale agenda is composed of 3 key building blocks: streamlining our business, focusing on 3 strategic priorities and amplifying the Starbucks brand.  
Our streamlined efforts over the past 6 quarters are paying off by allowing us to bring more focus and discipline to our 3 strategic priorities of: accelerated growth in our targeted markets of U.S. and China; expanding global reach of the Starbucks brand, leveraging the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé; and increasing shareholder returns. Importantly, we are doing all of this while staying true to our brand promise with the understanding that the foundational elements will remain pivotal as we continue to build our brand through the Starbucks Experience, the quality of our coffee and our corporate reputation for doing good. 
And as with any strong foundation, there are opportunities to amplify these cornerstones of the brand that we continue to demonstrate. Most recently, with the opening of our New York Roastery and soon in February, with the opening of the Tokyo Roastery. Now we will consistently use this growth at scale framework to guide our communications with investors going forward. So let me share a few more details about the progress we've made against our 3 strategic priorities and what to expect for the balance of the year. 
Starting with accelerating growth in our 2 long-term growth markets: the U.S. and China. In the U.S., we're focused on 3 operating initiatives: enhancing the in-store experience, delivering beverage innovation and driving digital relationships. Enhancing in-store experience encompasses building customer connections and creating those best moments that keep customers coming back time and time again. Our Starbucks store partners who proudly wear the green apron are at the center of connecting with customers, and we are on a mission to support them by simplifying work and reducing some of the non-customer-facing tasks that historically have taken up to 40% of their time. This is freeing up more time for our partners to connect with customers. For example, we've shifted certain cleaning tasks to after-hours, and we're automating product planning and replenishment, which reduces store clutter and time away from customers. This work will span multiple quarters. The actions taken thus far are already paying off as our customer connection scores continue to improve in Q1 on both a sequential and year-over-year basis and importantly, across both the morning and afternoon dayparts. 
We're also creating a new channel for customers to engage through Starbucks Delivers. Our partnership with Uber Eats is gaining momentum, and we expect to bring delivery to nearly 1/4 of our U.S. company-operated stores by April, including our second market in San Francisco, which launched earlier this week. Our early experience is encouraging and has provided us a blueprint for how to operationalize this new channel, an important step to create a seamless workflow for our partners. 
From a customer perspective, Starbucks Delivers is being seamlessly integrated into the Uber Eats mobile app, enabling full beverage customization and fully integrating into our store operations to ensure a premium Starbucks Experience. 
Moving on to our second U.S. priority: beverage innovation. Our focus here is ongoing, led by the momentum we are seeing with cold beverages across multiple dayparts. The focus of our latest beverage innovation evolves around iced espresso, draft Nitro beverages and Refreshers. We have expanded the deployment of our Nitro offering from about 1/3 of U.S. company-operated stores last quarter to 40% in just 1 quarter, and we remain on track to reach our goal of 100% penetration by the end of fiscal '19. Draft Nitro beverages represent a significant opportunity for the brand. This platform is differentiated, provides theater and drives incrementality. 
We also made great progress on our third U.S. priority: driving digital relationships, our enabler of convenience, awareness and value. To build our digital ecosystem, we widened the aperture of digital reach and created a funnel of activation that is leading to increases in active membership in our Starbucks Rewards program. Since we started these efforts last spring, we have acquired 13 million digital customer registrations, and we're excited about the potential this has to drive our Starbucks Rewards program. I'm pleased to share that in Q1, we expanded our active member base by an impressive 1 million customers, a 14% increase that takes active Reward membership to 16.3 million. This result was driven by leveraging our increased digital reach as well as a more seamless customer onboarding experience, greater mobile order and pay adoption and enhanced personalization features. Between digitally registered and active Reward customers, we are now approaching 30 million digital connections in the U.S. 
Starbucks Rewards continues to be a powerful enabler of loyalty, and we are thoughtfully evolving the program to provide greater choice and flexibility for Rewards members. We will enhance the program this spring to enable loyalty customers to earn and redeem more quickly and redeem those rewards across a broader range of items in our stores. We have leveraged learnings and customer insight from prior changes to the Rewards program to inform our work ahead of this launch. This includes a robust marketing activation plan to drive not only awareness of the changes but overall awareness of the program and key customer benefits. 
As we have shared in the past, lack of awareness has historically been one of the limiting factors to customer adoption, and we have a significant opportunity to amplify a powerful message around loyalty. 
Having covered the U.S., let's talk a bit about our second-largest and fastest-growing major market: China. This month marks the 20th anniversary of Starbucks in China, and we continue to play the long game with our purpose-driven growth agenda. We recognize the tremendous opportunity ahead requires navigating a rapidly evolving competitive landscape, changing consumer behaviors and a dynamic economy. With a large and growing addressable market around coffee, we expect competition to remain highly promotional and disruptive. As we have done over the past 20 years in China, we will continue to learn and adapt as we create a broader coffee culture, expand our presence in both new and existing cities and deliver a differentiated Starbucks Experience throughout China, whether it's serving customers in our beautifully designed stores or enabling new channels like Starbucks Delivers. 
China represents a large opportunity in a dynamic market, which informs the low single-digit comp guidance that we outlined last month. The bigger story in China is total transactions driven by our store growth, which underpinned approximately 80% of our growth algorithm in China. This quarter, our store base in China grew by 18%. Comp stabilized at 1%, and we remain confident in the future opportunity. 
The launch of our China digital partnership with Alibaba, the rapid expansion of our Starbucks Delivers program, now in more than 2,000 stores, and the added coverage of Star Kitchens in Hema supermarkets are just the beginning. Starbucks Delivers is already contributing mid-single-digit transaction mix in our key markets of Beijing and Shanghai, which validates customer demand and reinforces the significant runway of opportunity ahead. 
The benefit from our unique Starbucks virtual store integrated throughout the Alibaba ecosystem is largely still ahead of us as awareness and adoption build. Along with the recent upgrade of our Starbucks Rewards program, new food and beverage offerings and powerful new store economics, we remain bullish on our path in China and the growth that lies ahead. We are playing the long game in China. 
Moving on to our second strategic priority: expanding our global reach through the Global Coffee Alliance. This is the story of 2 leading global companies with unique capabilities coming together to accelerate growth of coffee around the world. The transition of the North America business to Nestlé has gone extremely well, and we are rapidly shifting our attention to growing the share of Starbucks capsules on Nestlé platforms, accelerating our leadership position in North America and expanding the presence of Starbucks Coffee into international markets. We remain on track with our go-to-market strategies to bring Starbucks products to life across the Nespresso and Dolce Gusto platforms beginning this spring and progressing throughout the remainder of the year. Naturally, we will focus initially on strategic markets across traditional CPG and foodservices channels, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you in the months and quarters ahead. We are very pleased with the initial success of this strategic partnership and very optimistic about its potential. 
And finally, let me comment on our third strategic priority of increasing shareholder returns. As we first outlined last June, we are committed to return $25 billion of cash to shareholders through fiscal 2020, and we are on track to do just that. In fiscal '18, we returned approximately $9 billion of cash through buybacks and dividends. And with the additional $5 billion accelerated share repurchase plan initiated on October 1, we have now returned over $14 billion of our total commitment of $25 billion. 
So in summary, our growth at scale strategy is working, and our leadership team is fully committed to the future growth and vibrancy of Starbucks. To the more than 350,000 Starbucks partners who proudly wear the green apron, I thank you. You have always been at the center of everything we do to create that warm and welcoming Starbucks Experience in our stores. Because of you, we were able to distribute Bean Stock to nearly 200,000 partners in 21 markets around the world this past year. We hired over 21,000 veterans and military spouses and nearly 65,000 opportunity youth over the past 3 years. And we welcomed more than 12,000 Starbucks partners into a pathway to a college degree through the Starbucks College Achievement program. I am proud to be your partner. 
And with that, I'd like to officially welcome Pat to his first Starbucks earnings call. Pat?

Thanks, David. I'll just comment briefly, and I'll hand over to John Culver to go into some more detail. On your first question, I think the fact that the performance we delivered of 18% increase in new stores, plus stabilizing our comp at a 1% comp growth, that's delivering double-digit transaction growth, which we think is the most important metric for us to focus on in China. Our new stores are highly profitable, and they're working well. So we're going to continue to play the long game. And I think we'll let you benchmark us versus others as they -- as their data comes out. But I think we're very comfortable and very confident in the strategy that we have in China. I'll let John comment further on that and take your question on delivery.

Starbucks Delivers in the Starbucks app.

Thanks, John. We'll have maybe Pat take the first question on East China impact on comps.

And John, do you want to take the second question on the percent of stores growth for delivery?

And then, John, I'll comment on your third question. I'll let John Culver add to that. But my comments about competition being highly promotional is just a reflection of the fact that there are a number of instances where competitors will use price, free coffee, buy 1, get 4 free, a lot of promotional kinds of techniques for them to get a customer. And for us, clearly, the top line metric for competitiveness is total transaction growth in China. And the fact that we grew new stores by 18%, those new stores are performing very well. They're delivering a significant portion of new transaction growth, plus our same-store comp growth. And we're getting that by continuing to do what we do well, which is differentiate on the quality of the experience in our stores, the quality of our handcrafted beverages that our Starbucks partners customize for each and every customer. And we're now complementing that with the China digital partnership with Alibaba, which is giving us reach now to 600 million people who are regular users of the Alibaba apps. And we're complementing that with the Microsoft -- or the Starbucks Rewards program that we launched and that John pointed out, the traction that we're getting behind that. So all those things together, I think we're performing very well. And we recognize that the Starbucks value proposition and the things that we do well, we keep doing those, and we're going to keep growing that total transaction number. And that will serve us well. John, do you want to add to that?

Yes. Matt, let me just clarify, and I'll hand over to Roz. The fact that we've established 13 million digitally registered customers is part of the feeder pool in the way that we can now bring those customers into Starbucks in a deeper relationship and ultimately, we'd like to bring them into our Starbucks Rewards program. And that's part of -- that's going to be an ongoing effort. And there's a lot of the tools and things that we've implemented to help simplify the onboarding and help communicate and amplify the value proposition of the Rewards program to them. There's also the changes we're making to the program that I'm going to hand over to Roz to talk about how we're enhancing the value proposition of Starbucks Rewards through the changes that Roz will take you through.

Thanks, Jeff. John, do you want to take the first one on China?

Let me just add to John's comments, Jeff, that a lot of the promotional activity is focused on the beverage, not the delivery fee. So I think the fact that we've launched delivery gives that channel, customers that want that channel. And so it's less about promotional delivery fees. It's more about promotional activity on the beverages themselves. Pat, you want to take the second question?

Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. We continue to execute against our growth at scale strategy that we outlined at last month's investor conference. And I think the results that we just posted demonstrate that, that strategy is working. Now I also know many of you were able to join us in New York at the opening of the Starbucks Reserve Roastery in December, and we're excited to announce that the Tokyo Roastery will open to the public on February 28. So we'd invite all of you on your next trip to Tokyo to please stop by and visit this beautiful Roastery, and we'd love to host you. Thanks for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again, and we'll see you soon. Thanks.