Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone. Before I share my thoughts on Q2, I want to provide an update on our efforts to address the incident that occurred in one of our Philadelphia-area stores 2 weeks ago today. Our leadership team has been on the ground in Philadelphia over the past week to understand all aspects of this incident. I am personally committed to act on several fronts to ensure it never happens again. The closing of our stores for racial bias education on May 29 is a small piece of a set of ongoing actions that will systematically be woven into our processes, training and culture moving forward. 
The value Starbucks provides to our partners, customers and shareholders is not only through our coffee but also through our brand, culture and ethos. All companies make mistakes. Great companies learn from them and improve, and that is exactly what we intend to do. 
Let's now shift the focus to Q2 of fiscal 2018, another quarter of record financial results for Starbucks. The quarter was highlighted by accelerating momentum across our Americas business, particularly in the U.S., with strong performance in China, including our first full quarter of consolidating results following the acquisition of East China and meaningful progress against the strategic initiatives that position Starbucks to continue delivering strong operating and financial performance in the quarters and years ahead. 
Revenues in Q2 totaled a record $6 billion, up 14% over last year, driven by comp increases of 2% globally and in the U.S. and 4% in China. Importantly, we saw comps accelerate in both the U.S. and China throughout the quarter, giving us confidence in both our full year and long-term guidance. At the same time, we opened nearly 500 new Starbucks stores globally in the quarter and now operate over 28,000 stores in 76 countries, with our newest class of stores continuing to deliver best-in-class operating and financial performance and returns. And our record Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.53 represents an increase of 18% over last year. 
On today's call, I will highlight progress we are making against 4 of our strategic priorities: accelerating the power and momentum of our Digital Flywheel; enabling long-term growth in China; elevating the Starbucks Experience through Roasteries, Reserve and Princi; and streamlining our operations and sharpening our focus on core value drivers. 
Accelerating our comp growth globally remains a top operational priority for us, and leveraging the power and momentum of our Digital Flywheel continues to play a key driver of comp growth. Establishing digital relationships with many more customers represents a significant growth opportunity as we have proven that a direct communication channel, combined with personalization, enhances the customer experience and drives increased engagement. 
In Q2, we grew the number of active Rewards members in the U.S. to nearly 15 million, and we implemented new ways to attract digitally registered customers beyond our Rewards program. We are widening the aperture of our Digital Flywheel through a range of customer interaction touch points, including: opening up Mobile Order and Pay to all customers; leveraging Wi-Fi sign-up in our stores; and reinventing Happy Hour through the use of single-use digital coupon, all of which are yielding results. Together, these initiatives and related efforts will generate a few million additional registered customers by year-end, and we are already running ahead of our expectations. We are now leveraging the Digital Flywheel to prove out that we can deepen engagement and incrementality with newly registered customers, the same way we have for active Rewards customers. 
In addition to significant progress in digital, we continue to strengthen the foundation supporting our long-term growth plans in China. The integration of East China is progressing as planned and positions us well for the future. We now have over 3,200 company-operated stores in 141 cities across Mainland China. The opportunities for Starbucks in China, which are significant, are growing along with the size and scale of our business and the deepening connection among our partners, our customers and the Starbucks brand. 
Starbucks entered China nearly 20 years ago, intent on playing the long game by building and growing the business with deep, genuine respect for the Chinese culture, our partners and customers and with empathy for the human experience. No Western company or brand is better positioned to benefit from the rapidly expanding Chinese middle class expected to exceed 600 million or twice the size of the entire U.S. population by 2021. 
We continue to mindfully evolve a coffee culture in China, where the reward will be healthy, long-term profitable growth for decades to come. Supporting this view is the fact that per capita coffee consumption in China is only about 1/2 of 1 cup per person per year compared to roughly 300-or-so cups per person per year in the U.S. and even more than that in certain Western European markets. China is an important part of our strategy, and we look forward to demonstrating the enormity of the opportunity at our first China Investor Day in Shanghai beginning May 16. 
China also highlights another core strategy: elevating the Starbucks Experience through Roasteries, Reserve and Princi. Our extraordinary Shanghai Roastery is building upon our long history in China and casting a bright halo over all Starbucks business in China and throughout Asia. Since opening in December, customer traffic in the Roastery continues to exceed all expectations with average ticket 3x that of a typical Starbucks China store. Customers continue to line up for hours to enter the Shanghai Roastery and will be taken on an immersive, multi-sensory coffee, food and tea journey. 
And our Starbucks Roastery in Seattle, opened in 2014, continues to delight customers and drive double-digit comps. In November, we opened the Princi bakery and café in the Seattle Roastery and are seeing further lift in total food sales, followed by the first Starbucks Reserve store with the Princi bakery to an overwhelming customer response. 
We are now venturing into building stand-alone Princi bakeries, complete with Starbucks Reserve coffees and coffee bars. These stores will feature Reserve coffees, Princi food and design elements from the Roastery in markets across the globe. 
We will build on a solid foundation with the opening of our Milan Roastery in September and our New York Roastery in November. Tokyo and Chicago will follow in 2019. The potential opportunity for Siren Retail over the next decade is significant as it represents the finest of experiential retail around all things coffee. And we're off to a solid start. 
In addition to our growth priorities, we continue to streamline our business and sharpen our focus on our highest-value target. Since assuming the responsibility of CEO of Starbucks 1 year ago, we have taken a number of value-creating actions, including: selling Tazo to focus on Teavana, closing our Teavana retail stores in the U.S. and Canada, transitioning our internal e-commerce site to a commercial site, rationalizing the merchandise offered for sale in our lobbies, maximizing value by transitioning certain geographic markets from company operated to licensed models and acquiring the East China joint venture to fully integrate company-operated model across Mainland China. These actions, while beginning to yield positive economics, will become increasingly accretive over time. We are evaluating more streamlined actions to come as we further position Starbucks for sustained long-term profitable growth. 
It has been an active 1st year for me as CEO of Starbucks. I've been focused on building a world-class leadership team, streamlining our business to better focus on value creation and executing against a clear strategy to drive growth and long-term value creation for our shareholders. 
We have much work to do, but I'm pleased with our progress to date and so grateful for the support of the extraordinary leadership team joining me on this journey. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Roz. Roz?

Yes, Dave. This is Kevin Johnson. Let me just build on Roz's comments. Clearly, the morning daypart is very important to us, and we've been increasing throughput at peak, recognizing that the dominant customer need state in the morning is the need state of convenience. And then what we figured out, too, is that as we transition into the afternoon daypart, the need state starts to balance between both convenience and community. And so the deployment program that Roz mentioned earlier has acknowledged that and has figured out how we transition the way that we even deploy our labor, but how we also transition the activities that they do to create the right experience. So number one is experience; number two is product, as Roz said, and a lot of this has to do with cold beverages; and number three is then the changes we've made in marketing to raise awareness. We think the combination of the 3, improving the experience, delivering products that our customers want in the afternoon and raising awareness of those will tap into that occasional customer in that particular daypart. And I think we've put all the right ingredients in place, and we're executing on those with intent.

Thanks for the question, Sharon. I'll intro this a little bit, but I want John to talk a little bit about what we're seeing in China, and then we'll get back to the question on guidance.

Yes, Sharon. This is Kevin. I know Scott will weigh in with sort of the near-term view on what this means for guidance as we look near term, but let me just share a long-term view. Long term. We've been in China for 20 years, but you think long term, if China could achieve the same kind of results that we have in the U.S., you would say, the number of middle class in China is 600 million. That's double the size of the U.S. Then if you look at what, in my comments, the current coffee consumption in China is 1/2 cup per year per person versus 300 cups per year per person in the U.S. So you look at that math, that means it's over 1,200 times the opportunity size as the U.S. in terms of consumption. Now that's long term, and we have to do all the things that John mentioned. And we are taking a long-term view, but the opportunity is significant. Scott?

John, I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Roz. I think it's important to understand within that pressure that we're seeing on cost of goods sold is not only mix within the different types of foods -- so a shift, as we said, a little bit away from bakery, which has slightly higher margin, towards prepared foods such as breakfast sandwiches, which has a slightly lower margin. One of the things that we're doing to try to manage that, and Roz will talk about this more, is just making sure as we bring new products in that we have the right COGS and the right pricing upfront. We're pretty good at that, but I think given the pressure from food in overall cost of goods sold, we're sharpening that capability a little bit. Back when we had 5% or 6% comp growth, we could have a broader array of margin within our food mix and still deliver operating income margin expansion and operating income. And now that comps have slowed a little bit, we're just sharpening that analytical capability even more. And then it's important to understand, there's still significant opportunities around savings and waste and beyond. And I'll let Roz talk about that a little bit.

No. I think we've been very consistent in our approach to transition company-operated markets to licensed markets where it's made sense and you should expect us to continue to do so.

And Roz, that rolled out in the middle of Q2, and it's fully rolled out to all stores.

Yes. David, this is Kevin. I'll start by answering I think, number one, the Deployment 2.0 that was rolled out really addressed areas related to the customer experience in our stores. And we're seeing the result of that in terms of not only our partner engagement, but in terms of our customer satisfaction by daypart. So I think, clearly, that is a very important attribute. Number two, digital. And as I've commented and Matt outlined, I think the fact that we're widening the aperture of our digital reach far beyond Rewards customers to include as many of non-Rewards customers as we can reach, giving us a direct channel to communicate with them. And frankly, what that does is it allows us to personalize the communications to improve their experience, but it also gives us that direct access to communicate with them, which raises awareness. So that combination of personalized awareness of those customers, I think, is a very important attribute. And then third, I think the product innovation that we've been driving. And so those 3 things have to come together: the experience, the product innovation, and then the digital connection so there's awareness and reach.

This is Kevin. Let me take the question on Philadelphia first, and then we'll take your first question. But on Philadelphia, I spent several days on the ground in Philadelphia, along with a number of members of our leadership team to ensure that we were fully reviewing and understanding the situation and how that could have ever happened in a Starbucks, but also to begin to craft the appropriate actions to address it so that it doesn't happen again. And I believe we are focused on the long-term and doing the right things, and we will be a better company because of this. Now I acknowledge it's still early, but we are not seeing an impact on comp sales as a result of Philadelphia. We are still assessing the overall financial impact of the actions we are taking. And we've announced we're closing stores in the afternoon of May 29, and we're embarking on a not only a day of discovery, but work that we're going to do to ensure that all aspects of our review are captured in the actions that we're taking. And so one thing I do know for sure is that our approach to this will pay long-term dividends for Starbucks.

I'll have John talk a little bit about the East China business and the opportunity. But what we said, I think, on the call is that they're a little bit lower -- on the last call. They've been a little bit lower over time, not dramatically lower, but a little bit lower. And it's really because of the significantly higher store opening rate in that market. John, you want to talk a little bit about...