Good afternoon, and welcome. Around the world, people, frontline responders, governments and businesses are all navigating extraordinary times. On behalf of Starbucks, I want to extend our deepest compassion and empathy for all those impacted by loss of life, feelings of anxiety and isolation and fears of both health and economic uncertainty during this pandemic. It was just 3 weeks ago, in the spirit of continued transparency, when Pat and I shared with all stakeholders our second intra-quarter update on how COVID-19 has impacted our business and how we are responding. Today, continued recovery in China strengthens our belief that these impacts are temporary and that we will emerge from this global pandemic with new insights and capabilities that will make our business even stronger and more relevant. 
The principles we developed to drive our decision-making since the pandemic started in January are serving us well, bringing focus to our response and recovery effort. The 3 simple principles are prioritizing the health and well-being of our partners and customers, playing a constructive role in supporting health and government officials as they work to mitigate the spread of this virus and showing up in a positive and responsible way to serve our communities. 
In our update to stakeholders on April 8, we shared that the positive business momentum that drove one of the strongest holiday seasons in the history of our company continued well into our second quarter in the United States. Our performance was obviously disrupted by the impacts of COVID-19, but we are confident that the Starbucks brand is well positioned and that our Growth at Scale agenda remains intact and will propel future growth when we emerge from this current crisis. 
I will share some notable highlights from Q2 and then offer some perspective on how we expect to recover our business over time. 
Q2 was shaping up to be an exceptional quarter for Starbucks, driven by strong performance in the U.S. and Channel Development, even while we were simultaneously navigating the impact of COVID-19 in China. However, near the end of the quarter, the pandemic started to materially impact our business outside of China, both significantly in the U.S. As a result, consolidated revenue in Q2 was $6 billion, reflecting a 5% decline compared to prior year, primarily due to a 10% contraction in comparable store sales globally, driven by temporary store closures, modified store operations and slower traffic, partially offset by strength in Channel Development. 
In China, where the pandemic impacted our business for most of Q2, revenue and comparable store sales declined year-over-year by $325 million and 50%, respectively. Today, almost 100% of our stores in China are open, many with limited seating, reduced hours and other safety protocols in place. Starbucks stores that remain closed in China are primarily located in cinemas and enclosed entertainment venues, along with international travel hubs and certain tourist zones, where restrictions are still in effect. 
Since we started reopening stores in late February, we have seen meaningful improvements in China comparable store sales in commercial, residential and office locations. We are also seeing the mix of in-store sales continuing to rise. For the month of April, comparable store sales in China were down approximately 35%, marking strong improvement from a weekly low of minus 90% in mid-February. Importantly, even though new store development activities were suspended for most of the quarter, we opened 59 net new locations in China during Q2 and another 7 locations added thus far in April. We are expecting to open at least 500 net new stores in fiscal 2020, with as many as 100 new stores originally planned for this year deferred to fiscal 2021. This represents a rapid reacceleration of our new store development and speaks to the amazing spirit and enormous capability of our team in China. Given this progress, we believe our recovery plan is working, and we remain optimistic about our ability to capitalize on the long-term growth potential of the premium coffee market in China. 
We believe, barring any new disruptions, that our business in China is on a path to substantial recovery by the end of this fiscal year. Just last week, we launched the Starbucks GOOD GOOD marketing campaign, which features plant-based alternatives in products and packaging. With this program, Starbucks in China introduced Oatly, a plant-based milk alternative. Also, Starbucks is the first in China to offer national distribution of Beyond Meat's plant-based proteins with new Asian menu items served in packaging made from plant-based materials. This campaign is just 1 step in our larger aspiration to be planet positive while introducing relevant menu choices for customers. 
Over the past 20 years in China, we've established an admired and trusted brand by investing in our partners and delivering a unique premium experience to our customers. We continue to play the long game in China as we invest in our future. The state-of-the-art Coffee Innovation Park that we will be opening outside Shanghai in 2022 will serve as a key component of Starbucks worldwide coffee roasting network for customers in China and is a testament to the growth opportunity we see for specialty coffee in the market. 
Starbucks' premium customer experience is highly differentiated in China, and the brand is as strong as ever. We continue to thoughtfully invest in China, a market that has significant long-term growth potential for Starbucks. I am proud of how Starbucks China continues to pave the way as 1 of our 2 lead growth markets. 
Now on to the other lead growth market for Starbucks, the U.S. Coming off one of the strongest holiday quarters in the history of Starbucks, U.S. momentum continued to build well into Q2. Prior to mid-March, revenue growth in the U.S. was accelerating to the strongest level in over 4 years, driven by comparable store sales growth of 8%, including comparable transaction growth of 4%. Additionally, 2-year comps were tracking to 12% growth, the strongest in over 3 years. 
With growth across all dayparts and strong contributions from both our Starbucks Rewards members and occasional customers, it is very clear that our focus on the customer experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships is a powerful combination. 
Our performance was interrupted mid-March when a national emergency was declared to mitigate COVID-19. And we decided to close over 50% of our company-operated stores and limit service to drive-through and delivery for those that remained open. In that final 3 weeks of Q2, U.S. comp sales swiftly decelerated, ending the quarter down 3%, driven by a 7% contraction in traffic comp. 
Based on the experience we gained navigating COVID-19 in China, we have been as well prepared as anyone for this mitigate-and-contain phase in the U.S. particularly as our stores are well positioned to adopt operational safety protocols while still meeting our customers' needs. In the U.S., almost 60% of our company-operated stores include drive-through and over 80% of our customer occasions before the crisis were on-the-go, with the majority of these orders being placed at the drive-through or by using the Starbucks app to mobile order for pickup or delivery. Of note, during the second quarter, 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members, our highly routinized, highly engaged and loyal customer base with whom we can directly communicate digitally, increased to 19.4 million in the U.S., up 15% from a year ago. 
Since the crisis started, we have seen an average ticket growth increased throughout the quarter, a result of group ordering as customers through this pandemic are making Starbucks runs for their homes, local essential businesses and for frontline response teams. Overall, Nitro Cold Brew and refreshment continue to lead for beverage. And our new alt milk beverages, Almondmilk Honey Flat White and Coconutmilk Latte, are also resonating well with customers. 
Our innovation in food, notably our new breakfast wraps, have surpassed expectations to date. Similar to our experience in China, we are transitioning into a new phase of operations we call monitor and adapt. We are now leveraging digital tools that enable us to monitor the COVID-19 situation in every community across the U.S. and leverage a variety of service options, from contactless service, entryway pickup, curbside delivery where parking is available and at home delivery, that allow us to thoughtfully reopen stores and scale up operations. We are finding new, innovative ways to serve our communities, prioritizing the safety of our customers and partners with a focus on exceeding public health standards and adjusting to new customer expectations. The strength of our digital reach, combined with a range of service options, is enabling us to reopen stores, community by community, in a thoughtful way using the 3 simple principles that have guided our response thus far. Our monitoring capability provides the input necessary for decisions that enable us to turn the dial up or down depending on the situation in a specific community or a specific store. This is the beginning of the recovery as we reopen stores beginning in early May, and we expect to have approximately 90% of all company-operated U.S. Starbucks stores reopened by early June with enhanced safety protocols and modified schedules. 
We are also sharing our store safety protocols with our licensees across the U.S. who continue to responsibly operate their stores, particularly in grocery locations across the country. 
My summary on our U.S. business is this. This monitor-and-adapt phase in the U.S. is the inflection point for reopening stores and begins a recovery process that requires ongoing monitoring, community by community, to rapidly adapt and drive the recovery. We are well positioned to leverage our digital assets and new operating formats, like contactless pickup and curbside, to expand service to customers. And our focus on the customer experience, beverage innovation and digital differentiates Starbucks and will enable us to regain the momentum we had prior to COVID-19. At Starbucks, the third place has always been about community, connection and convenience. And we expect to strengthen this competitive advantage through continued improvements in our digital capabilities and innovative store formats, enabling us to connect with customers and serve our communities safely, and with even greater convenience. 
I am proud of how Starbucks partners in the U.S. have shown up through all of this. The fact that while serving their communities, they also served over 1 million free cups of coffee to the frontline responders, who have worked tirelessly to care for others, which makes us all very proud. 
Leveraging the playbook that was developed in China and refined in the U.S., we are working closely with our international license partners to navigate the current environment and prepare for recovery, guided by our mission and values and commitment to delivering the Starbucks Experience safely and responsibly. With Starbucks in 82 markets, we are committed to supporting our license partners around the world as they, too, navigate this challenge. 
And finally, a few comments on our Channel Development business. The strategic value of our Channel Development segment has been clearly evident in the current environment. Selling Starbucks products through multiple channels amplifies the brand and extends our ability to meet customers where they are, even when they are unable to visit our retail stores. Through the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestle and our ready-to-drink partners, including Pepsi and Tingyi, we offer a wide range of Starbucks products down the aisle, in grocery stores, at mass merchants, in convenience stores and online. In Q2, this segment's revenue grew by 16%, which includes a 5% favorable impact primarily related to the Global Coffee Alliance transition-related activity, boosting our share of the coffee market outside of specialty retail. This continues to be an important element of our Growth at Scale agenda. 
The Global Coffee Alliance with Nestle was established just 20 months ago. And since that time, we have now expanded the Starbucks brand to nearly 50 markets around the world. It is clear that our channel strategy is working extremely well. 
Before I hand over to Pat to walk you through the details of the quarter and balance-of-year perspective, I want to reinforce 1 key point. Starbucks is resilient. For over 49 years since our founding, we have overcome every challenge presented to us and are overcoming this challenge as well. Our China business is on a path to recovery. Our U.S. business is entering the phase of reopening stores, adapting to the new reality and restoring and rebuilding momentum. And our Channel Development business is posting very strong results and acting as a brand amplifier. Our Growth at Scale agenda provides the focus and discipline for us to successfully navigate this challenge. We remain confident in our approach. We understand there's much more to do and that we must be agile as the world navigates COVID-19 and works to create a vaccine. We have a very clear path going forward. We are optimistic about the future, and we believe Starbucks will emerge from this experience even stronger, more determined and more focused than ever before. 
But the real credit goes to Starbucks partners. Together, we are emotionally connected to a mission grounded in humanity. And together, we are making principled decisions, true to our values. Partners are the key to our resilience. It is why we will do all we can to provide them with economic certainty and support them through this challenging period. After all, partners are the heartbeat of Starbucks. 
Now I'll turn it over to Pat for a deeper dive into our Q2 financial results, an update on our FY '20 outlook and an overview of our financial readiness to weather this crisis. Pat?

Thanks, David. Roz, why don't I let you share a little bit of perspective on the U.S.?

Thanks, Roz. I'll just add 1 other point that we shared, David, to reinforce what Roz just said. Pre-COVID, 80% of our customer occasions in stores in the U.S. were for to-go, take-away. And so by augmenting the in-store experience with mobile ordering and contactless pickup, we can service significant volume of customers without having the cafe seating area actually opened. And so I think that's an important point. 
Areas that will be slower, similar in China. If it's office -- stores near office parks where office workers are not going back to work yet, they'll be a little slower. And then I think we anticipate that the mall stores will also be slower. And that -- mall stores are less than 8 -- fewer than 8%, I think, of the total store fleet in the U.S. But I think Roz captured it quite well.

Thanks, John. Let me just add 1 other observation. When we look at consumer behavior on a global basis as it relates to COVID-19, after people have been sheltering at home in a lockdown situation for several weeks -- in China, it was a little over 3 weeks. In the U.S., it's been about 6 weeks. What they look for -- what consumer sentiment looks for is something that is safe, experiences that are safe, familiar and convenient. And that is consistent around the world. And so what we've done at Starbucks is we've built the operating protocols in our stores to be safe, to follow every -- and exceed every health standard we can exceed and ensure we can provide every customer a safe experience. Clearly, getting that Starbucks Experience is something that's familiar to them. And when you've had to be sheltering in place for several weeks just to get out for a nice uplifting experience at Starbucks, it's familiar and it's rewarding. And so customers come back to our stores. But having this convenient ability and those 3 attributes, safe, familiar and convenient, that is something that works around the world, following these periods where people have been sheltering at home. We've seen that in China. And I think we're going to see that in even a more amplified way in the U.S., but it's something that we're seeing in every single market around the world when they come out of sort of the lockdown phase.

Roz, why don't I have you kind of respond as it relates to digital and U.S. and safety protocols? And then maybe John can follow-up on the China digital. So why don't you go ahead first, Roz?

Yes. John, this is Kevin. Let me just comment. Pre-COVID, we had built a tremendous momentum in the business by focusing on 3 things: the customer experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships. And that remains the powerful combination for us to continue to engage and drive frequency of customer visits. But we recognize, coming through the COVID experience that everyone around the world is sharing, that really optimizing the initial store experience around these concepts of safe, familiar and convenient is what gets customers now to start -- that's kind of the on-ramp to that engagement. 
Now certainly, we're going to know a lot more 30 days from now in the U.S. But I think, as Roz highlighted, that in the drive-throughs, just the number of drive-throughs we've had open, without even the cafe open, we were delivering 75 -- roughly 75% of prior year revenue in those individual stores. And so that's just an indication of the power of the brand and the strength of connection that we have with customers. Now I think, over this next week, when we open more stores and with the set of experiences that Roz has articulated, I think we're going to begin that path of engaging. And I think 30 days from now, we're going to have a much clearer view of how rapidly that goes. And we've got a great beverage lineup that Roz just talked about that's going to release. We're going to market and evangelize that. We've got -- we just grew digital customer relationships by 15% to 19.4 million in the U.S. We're going to leverage that to communicate with our customers. And we're going to be thoughtful and responsible with each step that we take, and I think that's the formula.

Roz, why don't you take those questions?

Yes. I'll just add, the increase in ticket was group orders. I mean it was drive-throughs -- going through a drive-through, it's typically someone making a family Starbucks run and buying for their entire family or somebody making, let's say, a frontline responder run and buying -- getting food and beverage for frontline responders. We saw a lot of that. So it's really driven by the fact that it was just drive-through only. And if you're going to take the time to go through drive-through, you're going to load up and buy for the entire family or the entire group. And that drove down transaction, drove up ticket.

Yes. Dennis, this is Kevin. I would just start by commenting on the momentum that we had generated pre-COVID. And clearly, the -- posting an 8% comp with 4 points of transaction growth in the U.S. in the first -- up until the last 2 weeks of March was clearly an indication that, I think, this combination of the in-store experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships was putting us in a position where we were, I think, growing share of the customer occasions at specialty coffee retail. And I believe, if anything, the way we've navigated the virus continues to put us in a very strong position competitively. That said, there's -- the economic implications following this are sort of yet to be determined. I think we're very optimistic about our competitive position, and we just have to -- we'll be a lot smarter 30 days from now after we get to see the reaction of the reopening in the United States. 
Similarly in China, I think we're also in a very strong competitive position. I'd say both in the U.S. and China, we're in the strongest competitive position that we've been in, in the history of the company. And a lot of that comes through the focus and discipline that we had going into COVID as well as the principled way we have decided every action we've taken to navigate the COVID virus responsibly and thoughtfully, prioritizing the health and well-being of our partners and our customers, the engagement partnership we've had with governments and health officials to help contain and -- mitigate and contain the spread of the virus and the fact that we are showing up in a positive and responsible way in every community that we're part of. And so I think our competitive position is very strong. That said, we rise. We've got to keep -- stay focused on the things that matter. We've got to do the right things for our partners and our customers. And if we do that, I think we emerge from this strengthening the brand and strengthening the connection that we have with our customers.

Pat, why don't you take the numbers on the comp, and then we'll hand off to Roz to talk about sort of the trends that she's watching in terms of customer behavior?

Yes. More stores and more ways for customers to engage. And so Roz, why don't you talk a little bit about sort of the incremental ways that we're now engaging beyond just drive-through as we reopen these stores next week?

John, I'll let you comment on China.

John, maybe you take green coffee sourcing. And then, Roz, why don't you take rest of the supply chain, the roasting network as well as the food sourcing? But John, since you manage the coffee piece, on green coffee, sourcing of green coffee, why don't you talk a little bit about that?

Matt, this is Kevin. Let me just comment on the part of your question, then I'll hand it over to Pat. You'd suggested that 50% of the stores that we closed were hampered for some reason. That's not the case. We decided when we went into the shelter-at-home to only open drive-throughs, and we did that for partner safety. We just decided rather than have any location that has a cafe opened during the period where the nation was sheltering at home and social distancing, we thought that was the safest way for us to ensure both our partners' safety as well as out of our customers. So that's what drove the decision to close all those stores, whereas certainly others made different decisions, and that's fine. But we prioritize the health and well-being of our Starbucks partners and the customers, which is why we were more aggressive perhaps than others in closing stores. And then I'll hand over to Pat for comments on the other question.

And I do think it is fair to believe that occupancy -- lease rates are going to go down post-COVID just given the situation. And I think that's a fair assumption.

Yes. Let me just comment briefly, and then I'll hand off to Roz to sort of share the path for U.S., and then John can close by a little bit of some of the differences in China. For me, I think the comment I would make was in China, it was decisions were made centrally by central government on a city-by-city basis, and even certain office parks and things were actually coordinated when they opened. And so the opening of stores was over a longer period of time than I think we're going to see in the U.S., but it was orchestrated city-by-city and almost community-by-community centrally. Keep in mind, in China, the period of shutdown or the period of sheltering-at-home was about 3 weeks, whereas here in the U.S., it's been about 6 weeks. 
And so now as we reopen in the U.S., I think we anticipate that the stores are going to reopen across the nation at a faster rate. But the format we're going to use is going to be -- in each store is going to be dependent on sort of what's happening in that particular store. So I think there's a lot of similarities in terms of the safety protocol, the operating protocols in the stores, the way we -- the priorities, the principles we use to make these decisions. But I think there'll be a little bit of a difference in terms of -- in the U.S. deciding -- we'll open them faster, but we'll decide geography by geography what's the appropriate format. 
Roz, why don't you share a little bit more about the plans that you see unfolding over the next 30 days?

Thanks, Roz. And John, last word on China?

Thank you. I want to thank you for joining us today, and I hope you and your families are all safe and healthy. We continue to navigate through this unprecedented situation, staying true to our mission and values, and I'm pleased with where we are. 
China has demonstrated a clear path to recovery. The U.S. is prepared to reopen a large number of stores next week and throughout the month of May. Our channels business has demonstrated resilience through all of this, and I am confident in our approach and optimistic about our ability to continue to drive Starbucks recovery in this monitor-and-adapt phase. 
We all understand the power of the Starbucks brand is strong. And through our principled actions, we have strengthened the trust and confidence of both our partners and our customers have in Starbucks. That will serve us very well for the long term. I'm very proud of how Starbucks partners have shown up in every part of the world, and we will continue to be focused, disciplined and transparent with all stakeholders as we continue to navigate this situation. Thank you.