Well, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I want to begin this call by recognizing the impressive momentum in our business, evidenced over this past year and further amplified by the Q2 results we released today. While the COVID-19 pandemic is not over, this momentum is giving us confidence to raise our full year guidance as Rachel will outline later. 
Starbucks is as well positioned as it has ever been as global events have driven us to instill a new level of agility and speed into the business. With our Growth at Scale agenda in place well before the global pandemic emerged, we quickly set principles and established store protocols to guide us globally. We monitored events in real time and quickly adapted to changing conditions on a store-by-store basis around the world, working to provide safe, familiar and convenient experiences for our partners and customers. 
Many of us have lived this past year feeling isolated, protecting ourselves and our families from COVID-19. We now share a powerful craving for human connection, a desire to socialize and feel part of the community and the need to be with others and heal. And with vaccination programs underway and, in turn, consumer mobility, we have begun to see what we describe as the great human reconnection. This is evidenced by our Q2 sales in the U.S., which fully recovered in the quarter as we had previously communicated, and the forward momentum across our business around the world as the COVID-19 vaccine distribution progresses at varying rates. 
It is no secret that consumer behaviors were disrupted as a result of the pandemic. We recognized shifts in behaviors early, and our understanding of those behaviors will guide our strategy well beyond the pandemic as we believe many of these behaviors are here to stay. Our ability to move with speed and agility and to be out in front of these shifts has helped further differentiate Starbucks, positioning us well for the future. 
I had previously outlined the 5 most notable consumer behaviors we are laser-focused on, which I will share with you again today. First, customers crave human connection. They've been longing to be together again face-to-face, feeling part of a community. This is human nature and has always been central to the Starbucks Experience. Second, they are looking for convenient, personalized experiences that effortlessly fit their lifestyle. Third, customers appreciate consistency, knowing what to expect at each visit. Fourth, customers seek out high-quality offerings that support the well-being of the planet and society. And finally, customers are increasingly looking to support brands with strong values, values that are demonstrated by actions. 
Not only have we been adapting to and benefiting from these consumer behaviors, but we also see a clear opportunity to further modernize and reinforce our leadership position, leveraging our strength in technology and predictive analytics as well as the continued transformation of our store portfolio, offering experiences that will drive greater customer loyalty in ways only Starbucks can do. 
When we spoke with you last quarter, markets were in the initial stages of gaining access to COVID-19 vaccines. And we were seeing very early signs of friends and families celebrating being together again to heal from a year filled with economic and social hardship that has challenged our overall well-being. Certainly, not all markets are moving at the same speed in terms of vaccine distribution, but we know that this is the key that enables all of us to once again be together as part of humanity. And there is no global brand better positioned than Starbucks. Founded 50 years ago, Starbucks was built for this moment. 
Now I want to share with you results from Q2 that reinforce my optimism for our long-term outlook. Let me begin in the U.S. Building on our very strong Q1 holiday results, our second quarter comparable store sales returned to strong positive growth and a meaningful improvement from last quarter's minus 5%. In Q2, comparable store sales rose to an impressive 9%, at the high end of our 5% to 10% guidance range for the quarter. Once again, the credit for this remarkable resilience and recovery goes to our phenomenal Green Apron partners who delivered another quarter of stellar performance in Q2, driving steady improvement, culminating in a new record for weekly sales and full U.S. comp recovery as we exited the quarter. 
Importantly, in Q2, we further advanced the 3 business-driving initiatives fundamental to our Growth at Scale agenda: elevating the customer experience, driving relevant beverage innovation and expanding digital customer engagement. Let me share notable highlights from Q2 and our traffic-driving initiatives for the balance of fiscal 2021. 
Starting with the largest contributor for the quarter, expanding digital customer engagement. Digital continues to be a significant driver of our sales recovery in the U.S. Starbucks Rewards' contribution to the business continues to exceed pre-COVID levels and for the second consecutive quarter is displaying all-time highs across key metrics. Between continued growth in SR member spend, fueled by strength in ticket and frequency as well as new member acquisition, 52% of our U.S. company-operated sales in Q2 were driven by Starbucks Rewards members, reflecting strong member engagement and resilience. 
Total 90-day active members grew by over 1 million members in Q2 to a record 22.9 million. Relative to the launch of Stars for Everyone just 6 months ago, our 90-day active SR member base has expanded by 19%, a clear testament that the program is attracting customers as we had intended. The increase was underpinned by a meaningful uptick in conversions, with more app downloads advancing to member activations. With Stars for Everyone, customers can choose from a range of payment options, offering convenience, flexibility and choice. 
Our pioneering digital capabilities not only successfully transformed our digital relationships to drive mobile ordering but also amplify convenience and safety, which are both very much top of mind for our customers. We continue to leverage the advantages of our mobile app to elevate the personalization of the customer experience and deepen customer engagement. As a result, mobile orders represented 26% of U.S. company-operated transactions in Q2, up from 18% a year ago. 
As we have seen each quarter, our digital channel's convenience has proven successful in driving demand. A quick comment on digital that I think is important to highlight, the increasing role that artificial intelligence is playing in the growth and success of our company, an initiative we call Deep Brew. In October 2019, I published an article on LinkedIn entitled, Can Artificial Intelligence Help Nurture Humanity? This article outlined a vision for how Starbucks would leverage artificial intelligence in support of our mission. 
And that vision has come to life with Deep Brew. Our AI engine that is now used today throughout the company. Deep Brew personalizes the offers and suggestions we make to our customers. It is also at the center of trade area transformation, which I'll provide an update on in a moment. Deep Brew has now automated daily inventory orders across hundreds of U.S. stores as we deploy it broadly. It is supporting partner scheduling and optimizing it in ways that improve both the customer and the partner experience. 
Deep Brew drives our pandemic dashboard used by our retail leaders across the U.S. And Deep Brew is now doing predictive analytics to model vaccination progress in key markets around the world. Our work in AI is providing Starbucks the underlying predictive models, enabling us to fuel the great human reconnection by freeing up partners to do what they do best, connect with customers and deliver a world-class customer experience. 
Elevating the customer experience is another fundamental business-driving initiative underlying the Growth at Scale agenda and perhaps the most important of all of our priorities. Starbucks has always excelled at meeting our customers where they are, even as transactions in the current environment have migrated from dense metro centers to suburbs and from cafes to drive-throughs. Company-operated sales in our U.S. suburban and rural locations, where drive-throughs are most predominant, continued to gain momentum, more than offsetting the impact from central business districts and metro centers, where the recovery continues to lag. 
The drive-through channel has improved quarter-over-quarter since the onset of the pandemic. We continued to invest in several initiatives to increase the throughput of our drive-throughs, including updated operational standards, handheld order devices, more efficient warming ovens and accelerated deployment of our more efficient Mastrena espresso machines. As a result, drive-through saw a slight improvement in out-the-window times versus the prior year. Out-the-window drove over 50% of net sales in Q2, increasing more than 10% from pre-pandemic levels, unlocking capacity and enhancing the customer experience by reducing wait times, ultimately fueling our business recovery. 
Last June, we wrote a letter to all stakeholders, outlining our plan to accelerate strategic initiatives focused on rapidly transforming our store portfolio and optimizing for shifting consumer behaviors. This plan, which we refer to as the Americas Trade Area Transformation, has positioned us extremely well for the future. We called this early. And in just 9 months, we have already completed 70% of the strategic store closures, clearing the way for the development of new, innovative and more efficient retail store formats over time. 
The plan leverages new store formats like Starbucks Pickup in dense metro areas that complements our traditional Starbucks Cafe formats in suburban and rural areas and also enables us to balance continued growth in high-volume and high-margin locations, primarily cafes with drive-throughs. We are responding to customers' increased desire for convenience while also improving the overall profitability of every trade area. 
As the great human reconnection gains momentum and anticipation of behaviors and daily routines continuing to evolve, we are meeting our customers wherever they need us to be with the right store, in the right place and at the right time, yet another key differentiator of the Starbucks brand. 
As our sales fully recovered in the quarter, average ticket remains meaningfully higher than pre-pandemic levels. This is true even as transactions have improved significantly quarter-over-quarter, giving the shift in sales mix toward drive-through, where average spend tends to be higher, partially due to a higher incident of group orders. U.S. ticket comp growth of approximately 21% in Q2 was driven by a combination of increased beverage attach, premium beverage mix, increased customization and upsizing and all-time high food attach. 
The popularity of our innovative menu offerings, which command a premium price, also benefited U.S. ticket growth. Customers have responded extremely well to the new beverage platforms we have introduced, with a focus on relevant new handcrafted beverages that deliver on wellness trends, offer customers choice and support our sustainability agenda. Our winter and spring menus resonated and drove momentum. 
Cold beverages delivered resounding year-over-year growth in Q2, led by Cold Espresso, Starbucks Refreshers and Cold Brew. Also driving our strength in cold beverages was our spring lineup, which launched in early March. We have seen an overwhelmingly positive response to oat milk, with the Iced Brown Sugar Oatmilk Shaken Espresso far exceeding expectations to date. This has helped us push year-over-year growth of 53% in all dairy beverage sales, a testament to the relevance of our sustainability agenda. 
Plant-based is also resonating in food, with the Impossible Breakfast Sandwich delivering record performance, which, alongside other breakfast sandwiches and cake pops, pushed food attach to record highs in Q2. Any way you look at it, our second quarter results were phenomenal in the U.S. and exceeded our expectations. Importantly, affinity for Starbucks has strengthened as measured by improvements in our customer connection scores and growth in customer loyalty, which further reinforces the strength and resilience of the Starbucks brand and healthy optimism for the future. 
I will now move on to China, our second lead growth market. The strong start to fiscal '21 continued as we entered Q2. And while a resurgence of COVID-19 restrictions impacted customer mobility as the quarter progressed, our China leadership team once again rapidly adapted to the changing conditions and successfully regained momentum as we exited the quarter. In Q2, we achieved 91% comp growth in China, including VAT favorability of approximately 9 percentage points, which came in slightly below our expectations as unanticipated pandemic-related restrictions were imposed across the market. 
Nonessential travel was discouraged in Q2, severely impacting our stores located in travel hubs, including during the entirety of the Chinese New Year holiday, the peak domestic travel season, which saw a significantly lower number of travelers relative to both pre-pandemic and prior year levels. Even as mobility impacted our comps, our ability to expand our digital customer relationships in China through the Starbucks Rewards program reinforces the long-term position of our brand in our fastest-growing market. 
As we lapped the first anniversary of the pandemic, I am particularly pleased with our ability to dramatically expand digital customer relationships in China through the Starbucks Rewards program. Our progress is evidenced by the number of 90-day active Starbucks Rewards members more than doubling versus prior year to 16.3 million, driving 72% of sales in China, up 5 percentage points from prior year. 
In addition, we expanded the Starbucks Now, Mobile Order & Pay service to WeChat in Q2, making our mobile ordering services ubiquitously available to customers on both Alibaba and WeChat ecosystems as well as our Starbucks app. This enables us to acquire new customers in the WeChat ecosystem while enhancing the customer experience by allowing customers to place orders via the app of their choice. 
In Q2, we also launched our flagship store on JD.com, one of China's leading e-commerce platforms, offering merchandise, stored value cards and seasonal food offerings, among other products. Mobile order sales mix hit a record 34% of sales in China, up from 30% in Q1, with 15% driven by Starbucks Delivers and 19% from Starbucks Now. Starbucks Rewards customer engagement continues to grow as mobile order sales have more than doubled in China over this past year. 
As COVID-related restrictions subsided late in the quarter, momentum in customer mobility improved, particularly in residential, office and commercial trade zones. In addition, as much of our growth in China comes from our continued expansion of the store portfolio, we crossed the 4,900-store milestone with the opening of 110 net new stores in Q2. That equates to 14% growth in net new stores over the past 12 months, which is particularly impressive considering that we suspended new store development activities for a couple of months in China at the onset of the pandemic. This week, we announced our 5,000th store opening in China, underscoring our continued confidence in Starbucks' long-term growth opportunity in China. 
And finally, a few comments on the strength of our channel partnerships with Nestlé and Pepsi. In the U.S., Starbucks' share of total packaged coffee outpaced the category, growing over 8% in dollar sales in Q2. This is a sharp contrast to the overall coffee category, which declined due to a surge in pantry stocking that occurred last year at the onset of the pandemic. I'm proud to say that Starbucks remained the #1 brand in total coffee in the U.S. and was the top share gainer of the coffee category in Q2, gaining nearly 1.5 points over the prior year. 
Internationally, Starbucks' products on single-serve platforms, including Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, continued to exceed our expectations. And with the Q1 launch of Starbucks' products on the Nespresso virtual line, our outlook is optimistic as we continue to build distribution, amplify the brand and grow share. 
The Global Coffee Alliance is now in 71 markets around the world, up from 48 markets in Q2 fiscal year '20, bringing more customers the opportunity to enjoy Starbucks in many different ways. Similarly, consumption of our U.S. ready-to-drink coffee products through our North American coffee partnership with PepsiCo grew more than 23% in Q2, over a 5% jump from Q1. 
Q2 also marked the launch of new beverages, including the Cold and Crafted platform and new Nitro Cold beverages, leveraging last year's Starbucks' Nitro ready-to-drink platform launch, which became the #1 innovation in the ready-to-drink category. 
In summary, as you can see, there are many reasons to be confident and optimistic about the future for Starbucks. Personally, I am optimistic about the back half of this fiscal year. But even more importantly, it is clear to me that the actions we are taking, the customer and partner response we are seeing and the focus and discipline we have brought to the business have clearly positioned Starbucks for the next several years of growth. 
The Growth at Scale algorithm we shared at our December Investor Day is solid. The Starbucks brand is stronger and more resilient than ever. We have more opportunities to reach customers than ever before. And we are continuing to personalize and enhance those interactions by always delivering for our customers a unique and innovative food and beverage experience in a safe environment with a personal touch where and when they want. 
As we celebrate our 50th anniversary throughout this year, we do so knowing that Starbucks' third place experience is well established and core to the great human reconnection that has begun. We are a destination for human connection, a warm and welcoming place for all and a place that brings entire communities together, and that is exactly what the world needs, a place that inspires and nurtures the human spirit, one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time. 
And I want to thank our over 400,000 Green Apron partners in 83 markets around the world who have been navigating through this complex environment. Partners, it is you who exemplify what Starbucks has always stood for, a company with a purpose that goes beyond the pursuit of profit, a culture that demonstrates care for our partners, creates uplifting experiences for our customers and plays a positive role in our communities and throughout society. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Rachel, who will walk you through our Q2 results. Rachel?

Yes, John, let me comment, and then I'll hand it over to Rachel for some more specifics on the numbers. But on your last part of the question, in terms of dayparts, we saw our 2-year comp growth in all dayparts. So we've seen that morning ritual return, and we've seen positive 2-year comps across those dayparts, which is a very, very positive sign. 
One of the things that I've been monitoring is when you look at when the FDA announced emergency approval for the Pfizer vaccine on December 11 and then followed with Moderna on December 18 and then J&J on February 27, sort of mapping the actions taken by the FDA to announce availability of vaccines and correlated that back to watch what's happening in our stores day-to-day, and that action alone created this wave of optimism of, I think, consumers, customers being more mobile. Now they're still being cautious. 
But then certainly, as we saw the rate of vaccinations start to hit 3 million to 4 million vaccinations a day, you really start to see how this great human reconnection unfolds. And so we saw it unfold in all dayparts. And we still see stores in our dense metropolitan areas recovering slower. But I'd tell you the cafes with drive-throughs that we have are comping to more than make up for that. 
We are seeing recovery though in those metropolitan areas. It's just -- I think that's going to take a little longer for businesses to bring employees back to work and sort of reshift those traffic patterns. But I think very, very positive progress on dayparts and continued progress in terms of both in dense metropolitan located stores. But I actually think the trade area transformation is unlocking a significantly positive upside for us. And so maybe Rachel, why don't you hit on the numbers? And then Rossann, I'll let you add other observations that you see from the U.S. perspective.

Rachel, why don't you take that and then I'll add to it?

Yes. And I'll just add, Sharon, I think clearly, the key is vaccination progress in every country around the world. And one of the things that we've done is we saw vaccination progress, progress very well across the United States and the strong performance we had in the United States. We're now using our Deep Brew AI technology to start to monitor and look at the vaccination progress of every country around the world and use predictive analytics to give us a view and correlation to how that's going to pace the recovery and the acceleration of our growth in International business. 
Clearly, this quarter, we had some COVID-related restrictions in many countries in Europe, certainly in Japan and China. And so that had an impact there. But when you look at the progress we're making on vaccinations, certainly in the U.S., that's a proxy for what's going to happen around the world. And with vaccine manufacturing ramping up and more vaccine available to international markets, I think we're going to see a good result. John Culver?

Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me sort of summarize kind of my view at a high level and then I'll hand over to Rossann. But yes, first of all, it's important to ground ourselves in what we've done for our partners over this last year. Keep in mind, a year ago, the extreme lockdowns that we had in the U.S., we decided to give our partners economic certainty through that period. We did not do any involuntary layoffs or furloughs. We paid our partners whether they came to work or stayed home. We increased the benefits that we gave them for COVID-related health benefits, mental wellness benefits, parental care benefits, childcare benefits. 
We took care of our partners through this pandemic. And as a result, our partners have risen to the occasion. Certainly, as we came out of this pandemic, we made a significant investment, an increase of wage that went into effect in December. And partners have applauded that. And so we're in a position right now where I think our partners appreciate what we've done, and we have great respect and appreciation for our partners. 
So unlike what I've read about from other companies, we -- our retention numbers are good. Our partners' energy and spirit is high. And so I don't anticipate us having challenges when it comes to having our partners show up and be in a position to create a great customer experience in every store around the world. 
Now before I hand over to Rossann, I do want to comment though, in some areas in supply chain, let's take in distribution where store deliveries. Now some of our partners who run the store deliveries are from our customer distribution centers to stores, they've struggled a bit having -- being able to hire and staff to meet the demand that we have and to get enough people. So we are working with them. So I do anticipate we'll do a little bit more to invest and help our supply chain partners, whether it's staff that they need in manufacturing or staffing they need for distribution and transportation. But when it comes to Starbucks, I think we're in a very solid position. Rossann?

Yes. Sara, thanks for the question. Let me comment then I'll hand it over to Rachel. As you recall, we sort of outlined the fact that we're going to reposition 800 stores in North America this year. We're about 70% through the closures of that. But it's also important to note that approximately 200 of those new stores have been built and reopened, so we're also in the process of fulfilling the repositioning aspect of that. 
I think that's boding very well for us because it's actually helping us improve the customer experience by having the right store, in the right location, with the right format for customers. And we're on track to complete that as we go through the fiscal year. And I think that's one of the things that's going to set us up and help us in fiscal year '22, kind of going back to David's question about the outsized EPS growth that we look for in fiscal '22. Rachel, do you want to add some more for Sara in terms of sales transfer, yes?

Jeffrey, thanks for the question. I'm going to hand it over to Brady Brewer, our Chief Marketing Officer, who leads our program there. Brady?

Thanks, Brady. Jeffrey, I'll just add to Brady's comments. I think Brady and team have done a great job growing our -- keep in mind, these are 90-day active Rewards members so they are active members. When we were at about 20 million active -- 90-day active reward members, we had this conversation with the team that said, look, I believe we have an opportunity to double that number. I'm not going to give a time frame, it might take a couple of years, but double that number. 
And in doing that, we've now started to apply some very creative and very thoughtful ways to get under the data that we have about customers so that we can -- even if they're non-Rewards customers so that we can better serve them and start to personalize offers and personalize the experience for them. And so working with technology companies that have machine learning algorithms, companies like the Amperity, [ Bridge ], they've been able to help us continue to advance this. 
So I think we've got a great set of features and initiatives that enhance the customer experience and how they want to use that mobile app to personalize that customer experience in ways that are relevant to them and for us to find new ways to reach out to non-Rewards customers and start to personalize our engagement with them to bring them into becoming Rewards customers. And so we're going to think very broadly about this over the long term. And I'm optimistic that we're doing some things that are very creative, and it's just going to take some time.

All right. Write that down.

Great questions. Brady?

Yes. Brian, let me just start with kind of how I think about the share position that Starbucks has and how that's unfolding through this pandemic and as we emerge from it. I think a couple of thoughts. The thing that we have that's the most measurable is, on a quarterly basis, is looking at sales of the Starbucks coffee down the aisle at CPG, and coffee, whether it's roasted ground coffee, single-serve or ready-to-drink beverages. 
And what we've seen is consistent share gains through this pandemic and even into this quarter. I mean, the ready-to-drink share that we gained both in the U.S. and China is significant. The Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé has now taken us from fundamentally 2 markets to over how many markets?

71 markets around the world. And just take North America, a big market. North America, our growth -- revenue growth was 8%, where the category declined. John, why don't you comment on that? And then let me go back to specialty coffee and retail.

Yes. Thanks, John. So Brian, you can see that on our Channels business, every quarter, we get the number, we get the measurement. On our specialty coffee retail, we tend to look at Euromonitor and other longer-term data sources to give us a sense. But right now, the volume of customer occasions that have returned to our stores in the U.S. is phenomenal, and it's exceeded our forecast and our projections in the U.S. And Rossann and her team have adapted rapidly to that. 
But the thing we're most focused on is how we have rapidly adapted to shifting consumer behaviors that I outlined in sort of my opening comments, how in doing that, we extend and enhance the attributes that differentiate Starbucks from everyone else and how we then create a great experience for our customers in the stores. And the way we do that, the trade area transformation is one important initiative. But the work we do to elevate the customer experience, deliver relevant and exciting new beverages and to extend and enhance digital customer relationships are the 3 key things. 
And when you look at what's happening in each one of those areas, there's so much positive activity and initiatives and accomplishments and then customer response to those things that I just believe that we're hitting on the right notes. And at this point, I look and say, we're going to have a 2- to 3-year tailwind just simply by watching vaccinations progress around the world. This great human reconnection will happen probability 1.0. And so we are positioned for that, and we're trying to -- we're working to enhance and differentiate the brand in ways that are meaningful to us. 
We're going to take care of our partners. Our partners are the heartbeat of Starbucks. They have risen to the occasion. And so specialty coffee retail is where we set the brand. 100 million of customers a week come to see us, and that's where we establish the brand and then we amplify it through our channels. And I think in both specialty coffee retail and channels, it's happening. And so we'll give you more info as we get more data on share gains. But I can just feel it and sense it as I look at our data, our numbers, and I'm in our stores and sort of watching what's happening.

Rachel, do you want to take that?

Well, thank you. I got to say, Brian got me all like energized about what we're doing. And so as we close today's call, I think it's important to reinforce one key message. And that message is that Starbucks is meeting this moment, this moment of the great human reconnection. And we anticipated the shifts in consumer behaviors, we accelerated our long-range plans and we are well positioned to differentiate ourselves even further with the new level of resilience, speed and agility. 
I got to say, as Rachel was commenting, the strength of this brand and the increasing opportunities for us to offer convenient, elevated personalized experiences for our customers around the world makes me personally very optimistic for the future. Our long-term growth model is solid. And so thank you for your questions. Thanks for joining us today, and have a great evening.