Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. Starting on Slide 3. Our first quarter performance continued to highlight the benefits of our efforts to enhance the growth and resilience of our portfolio, significantly expanding our positions in software and health care and adding substantial sources of higher growth recurring revenue. As a result, our portfolio has been well positioned to drive rapid sequential improvement over the past few quarters as markets have begun to reopen. In Q1, we continue to see significant improvement, not only across our short-cycle businesses, primarily Fluke Instruments and Tektronix, but also in many of the businesses that have faced COVID-related headwinds, such as Advanced Sterilization Products. 
Turning to the results in the quarter. We generated total revenue growth of 13.6% and core revenue growth of 9.1%, above the high end of our guidance. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.63, representing an increase of 37% year-over-year. The combined outperformance on core growth and earnings helped drive another strong quarter of free cash flow. 
Our SaaS offerings at Accruent, Intelex, Censis, eMaint and Gordian continue to perform well, generating double-digit growth in the quarter, with the current Gordian seeing better top line momentum overall. These software offerings are an important part of our strategy to leverage leading hardware positions to provide broader software-enabled solutions to address pain points in our customers' critical workflows and their ongoing digital transformation priorities. 
Despite the challenges of a COVID environment, we continue to leverage FBS tools to drive performance improvements across the portfolio. ASP is advancing the implementation of the Fortive Business System more broadly, driving strong improvements in working capital turns as well as progress accelerating commercial efforts as it delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of growth in its global installed base. Intelex also continues to see success from the application of FBS tools to improve its sales process, driving better lead generation, improved customer win rates and stronger sales pipeline creation. While these are just a couple of examples, we are highly focused on building FBS capability across our newer businesses in order to deliver accelerated growth, innovation and market share gains. 
Relative to organic growth, we continue to invest in strategic initiatives across our operating companies as well as build additional capacity to drive future innovation. With the FORT, we are continuing to scale our data analytics capabilities, providing leverage to our operating companies to pursue key AI and machine learning applications. 
In 2020, we more than doubled the number of projects conducted and expect to do the same this year, targeting more than $250 million of potential revenue opportunity. Our acquisition of ehsAI significantly expanded our machine learning expertise to help grow our position within EHS workflows as well as generate learnings that can be applied more broadly within Fortive. We've also made a number of additional investments to expand our partnership with Pioneer Square Labs with 3 start-up opportunities currently in different phases of incubation. With these investments, we are enhancing our ability to generate disruptive innovation that will deepen our competitive advantage and increase our customer value proposition. 
In terms of performance across the major geographies, core growth was led by a low 20% growth in Asia. This included approximately 30% growth in China and low double-digit growth in Japan. Elsewhere, our core revenue grew by low double digits in Western Europe and by low single digits in North America. 
Taking a closer look at performance in the segments on Slide 7. Intelligent Operating Solutions posted a total revenue increase of 9.5%, with core revenue increase of 5.5%. This included high-teens growth in China, high single-digit growth in Western Europe and a flat top line in North America. Fluke's core revenue continued to improve in the first quarter, increasing by high single digits. This performance was highlighted by low double-digit growth at Fluke Industrial and high-teens growth at Fluke Calibration. Fluke's growth included the launch of the 377 and 378 Fluke Connect clamp meters for noncontact voltage testing. These introductions incorporate Fluke's FieldSense technology and extend its leadership position in safer noncontact measurement tools. 
At Fluke Industrial, point-of-sale in North America turned positive in the first quarter, increasing by low single digits. Meanwhile, point-of-sale in both Western Europe and China continue to improve, rising by mid-single digits and mid-teens, respectively. 
Strong performance at Fluke Digital Systems continued this quarter, increasing by mid-single digits as eMaint saw strong demand with mid-teens growth in SaaS bookings. 
Industrial Scientific declined single digits in the first quarter as a result of continued weakness in instrument sales. The company's iNet offering continued to demonstrate its resilience, increasing by low single digits. iNet also registered an 18% increase in bookings while driving a more than 500 basis point improvement in net retention. Stub's strong bookings growth in ISC's rental business provided a signal of improving stability in its end markets with customers beginning to restart maintenance project activity. At the same time, we are seeing continued success from the application of FBS growth tools at Intelex to accelerate sales pipeline creation, driving a record revenue quarter with low double-digit growth. The integration of ehsAI continues to go well. While the revenue contribution remains small, product integration is on schedule, and the Intelex team has started to accelerate new customer acquisition. 
Accruent grew by low single digits in the first quarter, highlighted by high single-digit growth in SaaS. Accruent continue to see good momentum in its industrial and life science segments. This included a recent win at BioMarin, which included Accruent's Meridian solution as a critical tool for management of their pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities, including communication with contractors and support for FDA validation. Accruent is also seeing growing demand across a range of end markets for its facility planning and resource scheduling solutions with customers beginning to prepare their facilities for the future needs of their workforce as they emerged from the pandemic. Accruent's growth in the quarter was aided by the resumption of some on-site service implementation and project-related activities with further improvement expected as the year continues. 
After facing headwinds during the second half of 2020, Gordian's top line improved to flat in the first quarter. Gordian's job order contracting procurement business grew by low single digits and is expected to accelerate as the ramp of recovery from COVID continues. The company's estimating business continued to perform well, increasing by high single digits and seeing strong renewal momentum and conversion rates for the SaaS version of its RSMeans product line. Gordian saw signs of improvement during the first quarter regarding site access issues. We expect this improvement will continue in the coming quarters. 
The Precision Technologies segment posted a total revenue increase of 14.3% with a 12.1% increase in core revenue. This included mid-30s percent growth in China, mid-teens growth in Western Europe and mid-single-digit growth in North America. 
Tektronix generated high teens growth driven by strength in its general industrial and semiconductor markets. Point-of-sale continue to accelerate, up greater than 40% in China, greater than 20% in Western Europe, while North America turned positive with a mid-single-digit increase in the quarter. Tektronix has seen strong demand in China as economic recovery continues driven by government investment in 5G, electric vehicles and IoT solutions. Looking across the product lines at Tektronix, mainstream oscilloscope and Keithley both had an excellent first quarter. Mainstream oscilloscope posted high 30% growth driven by strong demand trends across most of its key product segments, particularly our 6 series and 4 series scopes. 
Keithley grew mid-teens, while the Tektronix service business continued to show stability, reporting mid-single-digit growth in the first quarter. Tektronix also saw outperformance across a range of recent new product introductions, including its new IsoVu Probe solution for semiconductor and automotive market applications. 
Sensing Technologies grew by low double digits driven by broad strengthening across end markets, including industrial and electronics customers. Sensing saw accelerating demand in China as it delivered a number of key wins with strong momentum among factory automation OEM customers. Sensing also generated strong growth from its critical environment products, et cetera, with mid-30% growth for the quarter. 
Pacific Scientific EMC returned to growth, increasing by low single digits in the first quarter. The business continued to see good order trends with a book-to-bill of 1.2 over the trailing 12 months and has a strong backlog that we expect to support improving growth in the coming quarters. 
Moving to Advanced Health Care Solutions. Total revenue increased 20.3% with a 10.9% increase in core revenue. This included low 40% growth in China, low 20% growth in Western Europe and low single-digit growth in North America. 
ASP returned to growth in the first quarter, increasing by mid-single digits. Growth at ASP was driven by a greater than 40% increase in capital equipment sales as it continued to grow its global installed base. This momentum in capital sales more than offset the fact that electric procedures were 91% of pre-COVID levels globally and continue to weigh on ASP's consumable revenue. Stronger capital sales are an indication of the progress ASP is making in its FBS journey by driving better sales execution and improved funnel management at priority independent delivery network accounts. ASP continued to perform well in Western Europe with its fifth consecutive quarter of growth. ASP was also recently named the preferred supplier by the National Health Service in the U.K. and a large multiyear tender for terminal sterilization capital and services. 
Censis also had a strong first quarter, growing by low teens with low double-digit growth in its CensiTrac SaaS offering. Censis has seen improved upselling momentum across its business and is also seeing evidence of U.S. hospitals moving to post-COVID operations and faster purchasing decisions. 
Fluke Health Solutions increased by low teens in the first quarter with broad strength across its product lines. FHS continues to have success deploying FBS to drive growth and margin improvements at Landauer, leveraging global go-to-market scale and accelerating cross-selling and products and services. Landauer is now seeing an approximate 2.5x improvement in its operating margins since acquisition. 
Finally, Invetech reported mid-40% growth as it delivers against a strong backlog of 2020 orders for its diagnostic offerings. 
With that, I'll pass it over to Chuck, who will take you through additional details on our margins and free cash flow for the quarter.

Thanks, Chuck. Before we move to questions on Slide 13, I wanted to highlight the continued progress we're making with respect to our key sustainability goals. In Q1, we completed an updated materiality analysis, yielding valuable insights that we use to define the new pillars of our sustainability strategy which will guide our efforts going forward. We've also made significant progress implementing the Intelex sustainability performance indicators platform across the portfolio, which we used to complete the collection of 2020 emissions data with new, more aggressive carbon emissions targets. We look forward to discussing our progress and our evolving sustainability goals at our upcoming Investor Day. 
I'd also like to take a minute to thank our employees for their continued adaptability and strong FBS -- and strong execution of FBS throughout the first quarter. The results that we announced today are a testament to the depth and dedication of our teams and the relentless focus on the continuous improvement principles that power our culture. 
As we look forward, we are excited about the strength of our portfolio, the quality of the market opportunities we address and the significant organic and inorganic growth opportunities ahead of us. As macro indicators continue to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, our focus will remain on driving strong core growth, margin expansion and free cash flow generation, while investing in innovation and deploying our capital to acquisitions that accelerate our strategy and increase the value we bring to customers. 
We are also excited to share more details with you about our road ahead when we speak on May 19 at our Investor Day. In the almost 5 years since our spin, we have positioned the portfolio to be higher growth, more profitable and a more powerful generator of free cash flow. This sets us up well for accelerated compounding across our businesses, which we look forward to discussing with you. 
With that, I'll turn it back to Griffin.

Yes. I would say where we get -- hey, Scott, it's Jim. I think number one, I would say, we feel pretty good about where inventories are at. We get good point-of-sale data at Fluke Industrial, at Tektronix, and to some extent, we get decent data on consumables in North America at ASP. So it's a decent chunk of our portfolio where we see things where we have channel partners. And I would say we're as good -- we're at reasonable inventory levels. Nothing is elevated. There's always a couple of situations. 
You saw the strong consistent improvements in POS that we highlighted in the prepared remarks. And I think we've certainly seen sequential improvement from Q1 -- from Q4 last year to Q1 in all of our regions relative to point of sale. So I think we've seen that improving even on a 2-year stack. So we've seen an improvement in point of sale. We've not seen a big inventory lift. So we feel pretty good about where inventories are at going into the second quarter. 
And one other thing, maybe just to clean up on -- just on that margin question. Just the $15 million of organic investments in the second quarter, $35 million in the full year, the other part of maybe the margin part in the second quarter is obviously those onetime costs that come back from a year ago that we've talked about several times.

Yes. Sure. I think, number one, is the $250 million is a combination of some of the things we did last year and this year, some of the projects. If we think about really specific to the FORT, Jeff, when we think about the FORT, we're really talking about a combination of projects that I would say are more about 50-50 right now, but moving more to customer focus, but about 50 of internal productivity projects that are really driving better -- better digital transformation within our own operations. And then the other half are really commercial offerings that are going to result. So the revenue opportunity is all tied to those commercial opportunities. There are a couple of years out. So we'll start to see some of that revenue in terms of opportunity. That's the market opportunity, by the way. So we think we start to get some of that in the back half of this year. 
I would think, all in all, when you think more broadly about the $35 million, there's a combination of investments that are certainly multiyear. I can talk more about that. But I think when we think about some of the investments with Pioneer Square Labs, those are really -- those are early-stage innovation that are really probably 3 or 4 years out. So the 4 investments are a little bit more near term, next year or 2, maybe 3. PSL investments maybe 3, 4 years out, where they make a meaningful impact.

Yes. It's pretty tough to size right now because some of it is just inherent in kind of how we just think about productivity on a regular basis. So I would say if we were to think about it, it could be as much as $5 million to $10 million in the next 12 to 18 months, probably on the productivity side. The $250 million, by the way, is kind of sort of market opportunity. So we ought to think about that as we're putting ourselves into an opportunity to gain share in a new part of the served market of $250 million.

Well, we're probably, all up, in the total company, it's about 5% of our sales is semiconductor. And I would say probably 80% of that is sort of what I would say, not -- it's -- I'll call it, non-CapEx in the sense that you don't need it to build a manufacturing plant. Some of our performance scopes that are used in design are obviously expensive, and so they would be a capital project. But the -- but if your question is more along the lines of, as we see new fabs may be coming online, typically not in that sort of CapEx. The most of the CapEx that we have in the company is related to either what we have in Sensing Tech or what we have at Keithley within Tektronix.

Yes. I think I would say the breadth is pretty good right now. I mean, we said 2020 was mostly going to be a bolt-on year anyway because of kind of what we had to do relative to the Vontier separation and what we had to do with getting ASP up and running. With that behind us and the balance sheet in really good shape, I think we've got far more degrees of freedom to really pursue a range of opportunities within hardware and software. So I think we love the ehsAI deal that we did. 
We mentioned it in the prepared remarks, while it's small, it's really given us great machine learning capability. You certainly could see more of those kinds of things to really extend ourselves from a feature perspective within our software and data analytics portfolio. But hardware is still -- certainly lots of places are from a hardware perspective, from an IoT standpoint that we would also take within our opportunity set. So I think it's pretty broad. You can never predict which one is going to happen, but I think at the end of the day, there's a number of things out there that could be potentially exciting. Can't predict when deals get done, but feel good about where we're at right now.

Yes. I think, number one, I'll take the second one. We pulled the trigger right now because we saw the opportunity with the revenue line coming up and seeing probably be more -- starting the year, obviously, we start -- last year, we're a little bit more conservative. But with another quarter of seeing some trends, we feel good where the top line is at and feel like we're in an environment here where we want to make sure that we lean in to some of these opportunities. So that's number one. We've done this over time. And I think with, with the kind of financial results we posted relative to earnings growth and what we still have, even with that spend in terms of earnings growth and cash flow, we're in a very good position in which to play significant offense in a number of our businesses. 
I would say the range of investments is really sort of 58% of it is really giving our operating companies, several of our operating companies, more latitude to raise their R&D spend around the innovation ideas that they've got. And we can -- we'll certainly give you more color around that at our Investor Day as well. That's about half of the spend. 
The other half is in the FORT and in Pioneer Square Labs. So the FORT is really about expanding our data analytics capability. We talked a little bit about that a second ago in Jeff's question. Relative to Pioneer Square Labs, Andrew, we always thought that, that investment -- those investments would be -- we would do a bunch of ideas. As it turns out, the first 3 ideas we've had are actually getting accelerated funding because they've been pretty good. 
I'll give you a couple of ideas of what that means. One of them is our TeamSense investment, which is really around connected worker communications technology and how -- and really helping hourly workers be more connected in the work that they do every day. The other one is in condition-based monitoring communications. Think of it as a Nuance for the industrial market, if you know the deal that Microsoft did. So those are the kinds of investments that we're making, and we're just accelerating those investments because we're seeing the opportunity that those might play out here over time. 
As I mentioned on the answer with Jeff, these are longer-term deals, so they aren't necessarily that's going to give us a lot of revenue next year. But -- but most of those investments we've already made. So it's really about accelerating the investments for the years to come.

Yes. We had a very good -- we had a very good SaaS quarter, so that's in the prepared remarks. Across the board, every one of our SaaS businesses grew double digit -- in total, grew double digits, but I think every one of them grew their SaaS business at double digits. So very good position in which to do that. And we expect to grow SaaS this year double digits. So we want to continue to invest in those businesses. You also heard several examples in the prepared remarks of how FBS is really generating value in those business today, I think, as well. So I think that's how we feel like the performing bookings were good as well. So we feel like we're in a very good position. 
Relative to software, in general, we're starting to see some of the remote -- some of the on-site services start to come back at a more accelerated rate, although still a long way to go. But as we said that Accruent actually grew all up in the quarter. I think that's a good showing, if you will. Gordian, flat. Both of those on the back of service getting better, still not great, but we like the trend. So I think overall, we're in a very good position across the board. And we're -- some of the investments we just talked about are our investments in those businesses as well.

Yes. I think that sounds approximately right. Keep in mind that in a normal year, there's a step up between Q1 and Q2. So it's not all -- some of that's normal seasonality that you see here. As you can imagine, some spending and -- gets off to a slower start in January than you are in April. And then I also talked about how, as we open up, there's going to be more activity as you move through the year.

Nigel, we -- I think, first -- I think the quick answer to that is it's in our guide. So we -- we've done a nice job. I think historically, it's such an important part of FBS over time has been a set of supply chain tools to mitigate the kinds of issues that are out there today. They're well documented, so I won't get into them. But I think there's 2 -- they come in 2 ways, though. They come in the form of supplier issues and then the other is global logistics challenges. We've mitigated those challenges for the most part in the quarter and have continued to mitigate those and have mitigation strategies. So I think on the backs of that, we feel good about the guide. 
We obviously beat revenue in the quarter despite having those challenges, what I think is a great demonstration of how well we mitigated those. We continue to believe we can mitigate those through in the quarters to come. And I don't think they necessarily go away. So I think an old -- this is from an old supply chain guy from 30 years ago, but I think at the end of the day, I think they'll be there for the remainder of the year, but we feel good about the work we're doing. Daily management, Chuck and I review those things every month in our operating review. So we're on top of them, and we're continuing to watch them. But I think at the end of the day, we feel good about our mitigation strategies.

Yes. I think China will be probably our best grower of the year. You're right, comps did have something to do with it in the quarter, but we were much better even on a 2-year stack. So we feel good about the work we've done in China to build the businesses there, and we think that's -- we'll have a good growth year there. 
I think Western Europe was -- and North America will continue. North America -- Western Europe was obviously pretty good. We like the trends in POS that we talked about. And a number of our newer businesses, like Intelex and Accruent have had good European growth because they really didn't have a European business, and we really invested in that growth. So I think a lot of what you're hearing in the Western Europe are good numbers as well as really our new investments in some of the acquisitions that didn't have as much of a presence in Europe. So I think -- so I think Western Europe, hard to tell, given kind of the hotspots that are going on right now. But we still think we'll have a pretty good year in Western Europe. 
I think North America will continue to get better. It will broach our best geography probably. We saw -- we started off a little slower in North America in January, but we progressively got a little bit better each month. Some of that, I think, had to do with some of the COVID issues that existed. You heard us talk about the overall COVID number at 91. In the U.S., it was back to the 80s in January in terms of elective procedures. So that got back in the 90, over 90 in March. So I think when we look at North America, a lot of conditions for growth really continued to progress through the quarter. We would expect North America to continue to get better for the year. 
And then relative to the hotspots, we don't have a lot of revenue in India or Latin America. But those are certainly going to be big challenges for the world for any global business, I think, particularly in the days and weeks and months to come. We don't have a lot of exposure there today. And so we'll continue to do what we can to mitigate, but I don't anticipate that has much impact to our overall business through the year.

Yes. I mean, I think we've had -- we love the team. We started and really our big investment in EHS started with the work we did at ISC and our overall EHS effort now with the SAFER Systems acquisition, the ehsAI acquisition now. As you say, we've really built out a portfolio that really can take advantage of the secular drivers around sustainability and, quite frankly, worker safety. And so we feel good about that. I think the Intelex platform itself adds tremendous value. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we use it for our own sustainability assessment, and it's a wonderful tool to help us understand how to think about goal setting and how to drive action to really improve, not just -- not just report on sustainability, but more importantly, take action. 
So I think we feel very good about the platform. We think there's investment opportunities in the future that we can make. So I think relative specifically to your question, Intelex has been a double-digit grower for us. It's mostly been in the teens. I think as we continue to build on it, really, as we hit the accelerator with some of the machine learning opportunities that we've really got with ehsAI, we'll start to see some of those things in the back half of the year. I think we can continue to move that growth rate. I'd like to think we can go beyond that. But I think in the near term, we certainly think it's a double-digit grower for sure.

Yes. Look, I think site access comes in the way of 2 -- it comes in the form of 2 ways. Number one, I think on our -- anywhere where we have service businesses, but let's call it, nonhealth care. We certainly -- we've gone remote capability, but it takes longer to turn customers on and software as an example. And so I think there is some pent-up demand. But I think, to be honest with you, Deane, we've had such little access here over the last several months that it's hard to predict how quickly it will open up, particularly when you think about that on a global basis. So we certainly believe it's going to continue to improve, but I wouldn't say necessarily that we think it's going to all be better by the end of the year. We just don't have enough visibility yet to -- I think most customers aren't really opening up here until maybe the third quarter. 
So I think it's still a little early to predict it. But I think the predictions that we have are really based on some of the trends we've seen, which we feel good about. But I think they could get better if we could see vaccinations get more prolific here and start to see more opening up of businesses. So that's on -- that's everywhere from Gordian and Accruent to eMaint to those -- even like our Tektronix Calibration business, which some of it is on site. 
On the health care side, we certainly think that we can continue to have access. We're in hospitals today doing service for the most part, but everything is a little slower. We mentioned in the Censis prepared remarks, though, that we are starting to see purchasing decisions free up a little faster. And again, that's all built into our guide as well that we think we continue to get better. But I think at the end of the day, it is because pockets in the United States plus the nations, it's really too hard -- it's still a little difficult to necessarily predict exactly how that opens up in a sense of any of the pent-up demand, if you will.

Yes. I would say mix is probably positive, probably the short answer, Josh. When you think about our -- for the most part, our software service businesses are pretty profitable. So they might be a little bit less than SaaS, but on balance, they're still pretty good. 
And then the other part is consumables. And our consumable revenue is, as we said in the first quarter, with the tremendous success that we had on the equipment side, we had -- we didn't have -- and we didn't have as much on the consumable side. As consumables come back, that's a margin, as Chuck articulated a few questions ago, that's a good thing for AHS. So I think on balance, if I were to take the corporation as a whole, getting on site is probably a margin enhancer. 
And quite frankly, on the software side, we need to do the installation to get to the SaaS software. So in some respects, if it can accelerate the move to software, then it's probably almost all margin upside.

Yes, John. Number one, we -- I think we've seen some of that growth and, quite frankly, resiliency in the eMaint sales that we've had and some of the work we've done on Fluke Connect. I mentioned in the prepared remarks a new line of clamp meters that comes out that's connected. So we still continue to launch connected devices, which I think gives us, even in a tough environment, gives us market share opportunity. And we do think that we're still in the very early stages of customers really collecting that data in order to put it to use. So we've got some -- as you probably remember, the PRUFTECHNIK acquisition was to give us more vibration capability, vibration data analysis capability, so we can provide better answers to customers relative to their -- how vibration works in predictive and preventive maintenance. 
So very early days, but we are starting to see some adoption of that. And I would suspect, as we start to get into an environment where manufacturing gets in better shape, we'll start to see acceleration of that. And what's great is we're building a platform for that with eMaint, and we've been building that business very well over the last couple of years, while customers still are adopting some of these other solutions.

Yes. Scott, it's Jim. I think, number one, we've never stopped looking. So I would say both businesses, Gordian has been just a benchmark for FBS in a business and in an acquisition in a short period of time. The team there has done an outstanding job. Accruent has also done a very good job. And I think you're -- from a standpoint of positions, we certainly had to get through last year given some of the things that were going on in the business and just make -- COVID was not easy to try to get on site and do some of those things. But we're proud of where we are today. And I think we're certainly always active in looking for things that can accelerate. 
I think on the Gordian side, we have a very under-penetrated market. Real opportunity to continue to really live -- do that, accelerate our data. We have a great data business there. Globalizing Gordian, great opportunities. It's almost exclusively a North American business. So on the current side, there's a breadth of products within occurrence of a broader portfolio given the way it was built by private equity. So a variety of different areas from CMMS to facilities management to asset management to -- as people come back to the workplace, tools and technologies to help companies bring people back into the office and do that safely. So yes, I think there's a wide range of opportunities. Those are very good secular and popular -- great secular drivers and popular secular drivers. So certainly, we'll -- there's plenty of opportunities for us to do things. We'll be disciplined in that approach to do things that we really think can leverage the growth opportunities futuristically and really accelerate strategy. And I think those businesses are in a good position to do that in -- right now.

Yes. I think -- I mean, I think on the infrastructure side, certainly an infrastructure build that puts money into facilities and what we call general infrastructure is going to help Fluke and it's certainly going to help our Accruent and Gordian business for sure. Certainly, probably, as we think about our Sensing businesses as well. So a good -- as we think about investments in EV and AV, Tektronix has got a good automotive offering that will help. So we certainly think that there are opportunities. 
How quickly that occurs? I think is still a question as we think about some of -- how the stimulus gets spent. As we often talk about the term shovel-ready and how shovel-ready. But certainly, a good portion of the portfolio is exposed to some of those opportunities. Nearer term, to the extent that these investments go into health care and helping hospitals deal with some of the challenges they've had, that certainly is probably a near-term opportunity for us as we continue to sell into hospitals through all of our AHS businesses. So I think in that sense, lots of opportunity for us, but obviously, it's still very early days. We'll look forward to seeing some of those things play out. But I -- and obviously, get into law and then get spent. So still early days, but we do feel the portfolio is well exposed to some of that additional spending. And I'll let Chuck comment on the tax part.

Well, yes. I think we -- in some of the prepared remarks, I think we tried to give some examples of how FBS is really applying to some of the businesses. We'll give a deeper view of that as we get to the Investor Day. But I think, Joe, for sure, what we've learned is the FBS tools were, I would say, somewhat tuned to software when we bought the businesses, but what we've really adapted and really built now is a set of tools that is very specific to helping businesses drive commercial activity, drive digital engagement and improve net retention, net dollar retention, which is such an important metric within software businesses. So I think not -- we always had the tools for software R&D development. So I think those tools we could put into the business, but I think our commercial tools have just been built exceptionally well now to accelerate the capability of the organizations that come into Fortive. So that's -- I think that's what we've learned. 
I think we also understand what good looks like. Obviously, the multiples that we paid at the time, people looked at it. But I think as we now know that investments in things like property, tech and other places, EHS are -- and today, look like bargains from what we -- what we paid a few years ago compared to multiples now. So I think we were advanced in understanding that. But we also understand what good looks like at a deeper level, in terms of customer engagement, the kinds of metrics that you want to understand when you look at and do due diligence in the business. And I think we've just then continued to improve our due diligence capability to really understand what good looks like, and I think that really helps long term in terms of getting financial returns. 
So I think a lot of learning, for sure, I wouldn't, any way, shape or form, say anything about that. But -- and I think that leads to us feeling very good about our ability to get to create value and to really get good returns from our investments as we move forward. And I would add that -- try to also say is that we're not just talking about spending our capital here in the future around software. We continue to look for hardware and service opportunities as well where we think we can add value and accelerate our strategy.

Well, I think the question is -- it's hard to think about pent-up demand when you start to think about surgical centers and ORs doubling the number of surgeries in a particular month, that feels a little scary. So I think at the end of the day, we think that one of the things that I think was really stellar in the quarter was the fact that despite COVID being at 91%, and COVID, quite frankly, relative to pre-COVID levels of elective procedures, it was a decel from Q4, and yet our consumables was flat in the quarter. And that really is about our growth in installed base. 
So Chuck used the word hitting our stride. I think we've done some really good commercial work to build the installed base so that our consumables and service revenue will accelerate when we come back and get above COVID rates -- so COVID, pre-COVID rates on elective procedures. 
So we can't predict that that -- particularly on a global basis, where that's going to be here in the coming months, but we've been certainly building the infrastructure, building the customer base to be able to take advantage of that opportunity when things normalize within hospitals. And we really hope that, that happens quickly for all -- for reasons well beyond our financial success, but much more about the communities in which we serve and the hospitals and customers in which we work with every day. 
So I think at the end of the day, we feel very good about where that business is positioned. And we do think there'll be opportunities. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, along with Censis, we're seeing -- we're starting to see some things open up, but I think we're still a long way from getting to pre-COVID levels on a global basis.

Thanks, Pasha, and thank you, everyone, for today, and thanks for -- thanks for taking the time to spend with us. We know this is a busy week and a busy season for all of you. 
I think as you heard Chuck and I talk through the quarter in terms of the prepared remarks as well as some of the Q&A, we feel we're incredibly proud of the work that went into Q1. We feel like we're incredibly well positioned from an organic perspective. The work we did in 2020 to really stabilize and have -- what we did in the first -- second half of last year is just really showing up in the first quarter and showing up in the remaining part of the year. We're excited about having the opportunity to share with you all of what we see every day more deeply with our people and our team as well as our strategies at our Investor Day in May. We look forward to seeing you then. We hope you're all safe and healthy. And we look forward to answering any questions and follow up. Griffin and Chuck and Ross are available for follow-ups as you see fit. Have a great evening, have a great -- and have great rest of the earnings season. Thank you.