Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. We were very pleased with our second quarter results. As you can see on Slide 3, our performance once again highlighted the benefits of our strategy to provide differentiated connected workflow solutions for our customers, creating a portfolio with enhanced resilience and long-term earnings power. 
During the quarter, we capitalized on accelerating point-of-sale trends across a number of our larger businesses, continued growth from our software offerings and improving conditions across our key end markets. Against this backdrop, we delivered core revenue growth and adjusted operating profit margins that exceeded the high end of our guidance, driving exceptional earnings growth and free cash flow conversion. 
As we highlighted at our Investor Day on May 19, we are building on the foundation of our advantaged hardware positions and expanding our software capabilities to address our customers' critical workflow needs and accelerate their ongoing digital transformation. 
In the second quarter, our SaaS offerings delivered low double-digit growth, and we also drove significant improvement across our professional services offerings. We continue to see strong momentum at eMaint, including increasing demand from its expansion into the food and beverage, pharmaceutical and health care verticals. Gordian and Accruent both had strong quarters as they executed on opportunities provided by increasing demand from facility owner operators and improvements in access to customer sites. 
Both companies are well positioned to capitalize as customers focused on post-COVID return to work challenges and digital transformation priorities. Censis also performed very well in the quarter as access to hospital customers improved, executing on strong demand for its SaaS offerings among existing and new independent delivery network customers. 
Looking across the portfolio, we continue to be excited about our expanding offering of EHS workflow solutions, which are well positioned to meet the significant long-term sustainability requirements of our customers. ISC and Intelex performed well, capitalizing on strong broad-based growth across end markets in key geographies. 
At the same time, we are excited with the early progress at ehsAI where the company closed its largest deal to date in its first joint marketing campaign with Intelex and generated strong growth in its sales pipeline. Throughout the second quarter, we continue to apply the Fortive Business System across the portfolio to drive innovation, growth and share gains. 
Deployment of our lean portfolio management tool set, which significantly accelerates the efficiency and impact of R&D investments achieved a greater than 40% increase in our on-time program delivery. The application of FBS and digital analytics and search optimization generated 25% growth in digital traffic from pre-pandemic levels across the portfolio. Meanwhile, the use of FBS growth tools has accelerated innovation at Fluke Health Solutions over the past 18 months and continues to drive excellent top line performance. 
We have created good early momentum in our partnership with Pioneer Square Labs including the recent spin-in of TeamSense, a provider of innovative workflow solutions to streamline communications with hourly workers. This marks the first business incubated at Pioneer Square Labs to be integrated into the Fortive portfolio. 
While still very early, we are pleased with the progress thus far at TeamSense and are excited to develop additional technologies that accelerate safety and productivity solutions for customers within our core markets. 
In early July, we announced the acquisition of ServiceChannel. The transaction brings a differentiated high-growth software business with an integrated service provider network and significant proprietary data assets to the portfolio, enhancing our ability to meet the evolving needs of facility owners around the world. 
Following the expected closing of the acquisition in Q3, we will have significant balance sheet capacity supported by our strong and resilient free cash flow generation. As we highlighted at our Investor Day, we see substantial runway across our $40 billion served market for disciplined capital allocation to accelerate our strategy. 
Turning to a quick summary of the results in the quarter on Slide 4. We generated year-over-year total revenue growth of 26.7% as revenue strength exceeded the high end of our guidance. Adjusted operating margin was 22.2%, while adjusted earnings per share was $0.66, representing a year-over-year increase of 53.5%. Given the outperformance for both top line and our adjusted operating margin we delivered $282 million of free cash flow, which represented 118% conversion of adjusted net income. 
On Slide 5, we take a closer look at the Intelligent Operating Solutions segment. iOS posted total revenue growth of 31.2% in the second quarter. This included mid-20% core growth in North America, low 30% core growth in Western Europe and low 20% core growth in China. 
Fluke's core revenue increased in the mid-30% range. Fluke also grew by mid-single digits on a sequential basis as I continue to see robust demand across its businesses, highlighted by growth at Fluke Industrial. Fluke Industrial generated share gains across a range of key channel partners and retail accounts as point-of-sale accelerated through the quarter. 
Fluke's broader II900 acoustic imaging product line also continues to perform very well as revenue approximately doubled in the quarter on strong growth across both Western Europe and North America. 
Fluke Networks also performed well, driven by the recent launch of its LinkIQ product line which continues to exceed initial expectations tied to office reopenings and network modifications. 
In Fluke Reliability, our efforts to accelerate performance at Pruftechnik are gaining traction as we took advantage of increasing demand for alignment and other services, while eMaint also delivered another strong quarter. With the accelerated pace of orders at Fluke, we did see some backlog build due to supply chain responsiveness. 
Industrial Scientific increased by mid-teens, driven by strong execution in instruments and rental as demand from oil and gas markets rebounded and the business continued its expansion into new end markets. The company's iNet offering remained resilient, increasing by mid-single digits with net retention solidly above 100%. 
Intelex grew by high single digits in Q2, reporting a record revenue quarter. Intelex continues to leverage FBS and has driven improvements in lead generation and funnel conversion. Also in the second quarter, Intelex closed multiple deals for its enhanced ESG platform to help customers launch, scale and optimize their sustainability programs and meet increasing demand for transparency on a growing set of critical nonfinancial reporting metrics. 
Accruent grew by mid-single digits in the second quarter with low double-digit growth in its SaaS business. Accruent generated strong sales and bookings for its Meridian solution for engineering document management and its maintenance connection, CMMS offerings. The business also capitalized on the strong demand for its EMS event, workspace and resource scheduling offerings as companies plan and execute their return-to-work strategies. 
The company continues to generate new customer logo wins and improving growth in recurring bookings. Importantly, Accruent also delivered improved performance in its professional service business, which generated mid-single-digit growth as customer site access continued to improve. 
Gordian increased by mid-teens, driven by low 20% growth in the procurement business and high teens growth in estimating. Gordian generated a record month for procurement revenue in June with accelerating time lines for key projects across a number of large customers. This included increased project spend by the New York City Department of Education and School Construction Authority. 
Moving to Slide 6. Precision Technologies segment posted a total revenue increase of 25.1% in the second quarter. This included low 20% growth in North America, mid-20% growth in Western Europe and mid-teens growth in China. 
Tektronix increased by approximately 30%, with another quarter of strong demand across its product businesses, including accelerating point-of-sale trends in each of its major regions. Both mainstream and performance oscilloscopes had a strong quarter with high demand for semiconductor, industrial manufacturing and communications applications. 
Tektronix service business again showed its stability and resilience increasing by low teens. Tektronix continues to benefit from the accelerated focus on driving innovation with Q2 new product introductions performing very well, including its family of automated test solutions for high-speed data transfer.
In the second quarter, Tektronix held 6 regional innovation form events, which stimulated the adoption of its TekScope platform, resulting in accelerated funnel creation for the company's broader hardware and software offerings. 
Sensing Technologies increased by low teens in the second quarter with growth driven by continuation of the broad market recovery. Sensing performed very well in China with another quarter of mid-teens growth, driven by demand for factory automation solutions. 
Hengstler, Anderson-Negele continues to make progress with its approval of its paperless process recorder IoT solution aimed at the dairy industry with broader commercial rollout expected in the second half of the year. Sensing also continues to drive market share gains -- Hengstler across its portfolio, particularly at Setra, led by its differentiated critical environment solution and strong demand across its HVAC customers. 
PacSci EMC grew in the low 20% range, with the business seeing some alleviation of the COVID-related shutdowns and approval delays that impacted shipments in previous quarters. PacSci EMC continues to see good growth in the commercial space market with the resumption of launches by OneWeb providing recurring revenue for smart controllers and initiators. 
Also on July 20, we were excited to watch the company's mission-critical technology, ensure safe and reliable separation of Blue Origin's New Shepherd capsule from its booster during its maiden voyage. 
Moving to Advanced Healthcare Solutions on Slide 7. Total revenue increased 21.8%, including 11% core growth. This included high single-digit core growth in each of North America, Western Europe and China markets. ASP grew by high single digits in the second quarter, led by strong growth in Western Europe and China. ASP also realized improved growth in North America, highlighted by high single-digit growth in the U.S. 
Overall, ASP grew its consumable revenue high teens as the rate of elective procedures across most geographies continue to improve. While elective procedure volumes increased on a year-over-year basis, Q2 volumes came in a bit lower than expected at approximately 93% of pre-COVID levels, which was consistent with the Q1 exit rate. 
ASP also continued to expand its global installed base of terminal sterilization capital equipment, which grew at a 3.5% annualized rate in Q2. We expect this continued installed base expansion to provide an additional tailwind to consumable revenue as procedure volumes normalize going forward. 
Censis increased in the mid-20% range with mid-teens growth in its CensiTrac SaaS offering as well as strong growth in its professional services business. Many hospital customers are now allowing access to vendors which resulted in a significant increase in activity in the second quarter, particularly with integrated delivery networks. 
Fluke Health Solutions increased by low double digits even as it lapped a sizable COVID-related revenue tailwind in the prior year. FHS saw high-teens growth from its OPTIMIZE and OneQA software solutions, which benefited from accelerated growth investments over the last 18 months. 
With that, I'll pass it over to Chuck, who will take you through some additional details on our margins, free cash flow and balance sheet.

Thanks, Chuck. Before I move to questions, I want to provide a quick update on our sustainability and inclusion and diversity efforts, which is shown on Slide 11. 
During our Investor Day program on May 19, we introduced an accelerated greenhouse gas reduction goal, which now targets a reduction of 50% in greenhouse gas intensity for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2025 relative to our 2017 base year. 
During the second quarter, we also issued our 2021 Sustainability Report, which included Fortive's second annual GRI index, first annual SASB index and the 2017 to 2020 greenhouse gas emissions profile. 
During the quarter, we also became a signatory to the UN Global Compact, committed to alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure by 2022 and announced our 2025 aspirational inclusion and diversity goals. We continue to make significant strides and are highly committed to accelerating our sustainability and inclusion and diversity progress in the coming years. 
I'd also like to take the opportunity to thank our team and all of our stakeholders for your support over the first 5 years of our journey as an independent company. Across all 3 of our strategic segments, we are expanding on strong established positions with offerings that address the critical workflow needs of our customers and markets with attractive long-term growth drivers. 
Our strong earnings and free cash flow performance in the first half of this year clearly demonstrated the benefits of this strategic focus and the momentum building in our portfolio. As we look ahead, we will continue to invest and expanding the capabilities of the Fortive Business System as we accelerate operating improvements and innovation to increase the value we offer to our customers. 
With strong free cash flow and significant M&A capacity we are well positioned to pursue the key organic and inorganic growth initiatives that will drive consistent double-digit earnings and free cash flow growth in the years to come. 
With that, I'll turn it back to Griffin.

Steve, I'd just add that like last year, we sort of have that 25% as an exit rate not saying it was going to be the rate for every quarter, but that would be a good jumping off point in which to take margins to the next level. I think you're seeing that the same thing. I think it's a combination of the FBS work, the full year effect of the FBS work, the full  year effect of all the work that we're doing to continue to integrate the business, drive margins. And as Chuck said, consumable revenue coming up to as well. So I just think the business is in a good trajectory right now overall. And obviously, a big part of that is ASP.

Yes. We saw one of the things, Jeff, is obviously with the beat in revenue and the strength that we saw, particularly as it accelerated through the quarter, point of sale is an important target as you're asking, you're exactly right. We saw good POS that continue to improve through the quarter, I think it will continue to improve. 
Obviously, a little bit of an easier comp in the quarter, but both at Fluke and at Tek, we saw -- as an example in POS in the Americas, we saw in the 30% range. So better than our -- even than our sales -- total sales in some cases. So a very good position. 
We're starting to -- we're also obviously making sure given supply chain discussions around the world, we're making sure that inventories aren't up that we're not seeing accelerated buying. We're doing -- we're using a new metric where we not only look at point of sale, but we also look at orders on hand to sort of understand are we seeing a leading-in situation or not. And we're certainly seeing things continue to be good. 
So hence, we took the revenue guide up, both Fluke and Tek are performing well, and I think we're in a good place. And we're certainly -- particularly in the U.S. and Europe, where we have the best data, we're certainly at a good place from an inventory position. We don't feel like we're in any situation. building excessive inventory.

Yes. I think it's because we're feeling -- as we said in the first quarter commentary and again this time, we are seeing automotive data centers as 2 particular verticals that have continued to increase. I think on a percentage basis, they're about the same, simply because the total revenue is coming up. And obviously, in places like Keithley, we still continue to see revenue in semiconductor. So I don't think we've necessarily moved the needle as a percent of sales. But on a total basis in terms of total dollars, we're certainly up. 
And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the advent of TekScope which is sort of a software offering is also, I think, helps users connect multiple scopes and multiple channels and really bring more data together is also accelerated in some new verticals as well. So I think just to answer your question specifically, I don't think we've seen a demonstrative difference necessarily in the percent of sales, but we have seen substantially greater sales in those verticals over time. And that should bode well for the future.

Yes. We're in great shape on price/cost, Scott. First of all, as you said, 130 bps in the quarter we'll -- in the hardware businesses, in particular, we'll double that number in the second half. So we're in a very good position relative to price. As you know, we've gotten good price over the years. So this is a compounding effect. You saw those price read through as well on the gross margin improvement in the second quarter. So we feel very good. 
And really, quite frankly, even though we are seeing a little bit of cost inflation, we're still going to be net -- significantly net in a good shape relative to material cost reductions for the year. So material cost reductions will still be profit improver for the year, even though we've seen a little bit more inflation than typical, we still are in a very good shape relative to price cost, not only because of price, but also because we've done a nice job on the cost reduction side as well.

Yes. I would say on balance, they're the same base oscilloscopes, the 6 series or the 4 series, but then there's a set of software that's specific to that vertical application. There might be a set of probes that is also different. And ultimately, there's really a solution around the challenges that they might have. As an example, power usage is a huge issue in data centers. It's a big problem. And in electric vehicles in a variety of places. So it might be a power consumption challenge, maybe trying to do some different troubleshooting aspects of particular applications as well. So there's a suite of software and probes that typically go with that oscilloscope that is very much vertical specific.

Well, there's certainly an aspect of the bounce back at COVID. So I wouldn't, in any way, shape or form, take away from that. But I think when you look at where the business has been historically, we're at an accelerated growth rate here over the last couple of years. 
So I think in that sense, we feel good about the overall growth rate this year. And we think it's certainly durable in the sense of services. As we recognize, services had a good quarter. We're doing some good strategic work to add to services, the things we were just mentioning around new verticals. So the team has really got the mantra and the strategy to consider -- to continue to make the business less volatile, less cyclical and really work towards some secular drivers that have more durable growth rate. And I think we're in a very good position relative to how we'll do that over time.

Yes, we're still not where we'd like to be. So -- and obviously, even the recent news as of the last 24 hours is going to have -- we'll have to look into. But I think we feel confident in sort of double-digit professional services growth in our SaaS businesses in the second half. So we see continued improvement Insight access. We're starting to see customers start to really make decisions here at an accelerated rate. Talk a little bit about that in the prepared remarks amongst all the software businesses. 
So yes, I think you'd say the second half, we're in a much better place relative to services. And that's not just on-site services, it's also getting customers to accept remote services. So it's a combination of the good work the team has done to be able to deliver things more remotely as well as customer site access.

Yes. So first, I think we're in a good place in channel inventories. I think in some cases, given the revenue numbers, both what we delivered in the quarter, over delivered in the quarter, plus raising the guides for the full year. You'd say, well, we're definitely seeing better demand. And in the back -- against that backdrop, we're not seeing increase in channel inventories nor would we see an increase in channel inventories, at least in the next 90 days through delivering the revenue that we have relative to the POS numbers we're seeing. 
So I think we feel good about end user demand, and we feel good about the fact that we're not building inventory in some sort of oversaturation situation. So I think there's real demand out there, and I think we're fulfilling it. 
Nigel, we're not oblivious in any way, shape or form, like our peers and other companies -- pretty much all the companies in the world relative to supply chain constraints, we've seen those for sure. I think the fact that we've been building great lean manufacturing capability over decades in our businesses, our ability to respond to those things relative to the FBS tools like daily management and problem solving means we're fighting every day to secure material. 
And our ability to beat the revenue in the second quarter is a good demonstration of our success in that way. But I would also say we continue to see those challenges every day, and I would expect to see those challenges probably through the year at least. So I think we're in a -- we've been very successful thus far, but it is a daily battle. But given the work we've done over decades to build the kind of capability within our factories, I like our chances and continuing to be successful.

Yes, Julian, I'll take the second one first. I think our installed base is up 3.5% year-on-year. We're in a very good place relative to equipment placements. We had another good equipment quarter after several 4, 5 quarters in a row of continued increases in the installed base. So we feel very good about where we stand relative to the installed base. 
I think what we're really saying for the second half of the year. And I think if you look consistent revenue through growth through the remaining part of the year, ASP will actually accelerate in growth through the remaining part of the year. But we did see a little bit of  elective procedures coming down a little bit than we anticipated. As we said, we thought maybe we would end the quarter around 95%. We ended around 93%. So there's a little bit of an assumption that we'll probably not get to 100% by the end of the year, that has a little bit of impact. 
But I think we come back to the fact that we're taking share. And if things come back, we certainly would see and associated improvement. But I think we're just trying to be a little bit more consistent with what we've seen here recently relative to elective procedures. 
And so there's a little bit of a change. Obviously, we took the guide up and total up for the overall company, but a little bit -- maybe a little bit more conservative relative to where we think elective procedures might come in. And as you said, continued very strong margin  increases like Chuck was just describing through the remaining part of the year through AHS and at ASP. Sorry for all the acronyms.

Yes. I think very good. I think the answer is to be quick. We -- Chuck and I did a review with all the China teams here a few days ago and feel very good about the second half, particularly at Fluke and Tek. The comps play a little bit of a role here. And so -- but I think as we look on a 2-year stack as an example, we continue to grow well in China through the remaining part of the year. So I think we've got mid-teens or something like that for  the full year in China. And we feel good that we can continue to maintain good growth rates and really good market positions as we get into 2022 as well.

Yes, Markus, I was -- the 200 and some basis points is really in our hardware businesses, particularly sort of Fluke-Tek, Sensing Tech in particular, that I would associate it with that number. So that's really a comparison of where really relative to price cost. 
I think our overall -- sort of our overall pricing for all of Fortive incorporating everything is probably closer to -- from the second quarter, probably up about 140 -- excuse me, about 40 or 50 basis points up from where we've been thus far in the first half. So the 200 is really to address the price cost question. And so -- but the overall pricing is a little bit less than that.

And that's built into the guide, yes, thanks.

Go ahead, sorry.

No. I think as we said in the prepared remarks, the balance sheet remains in very good shape and we'll be in very good shape to do other deals if -- when those opportunities become available. So obviously, we're going to continue to be focused on making sure we get good strong financial returns. I think the ServiceChannel deal is a good example of that, both accretive in 12 months, but also with a 10% ROIC in 5 years. 
So I think there's lots of those kinds of situations available to us in the second half. And so you never know if you're going to get a deal done. But I think we both have the capacity financially as well as the capability to pull off another deal if an opportunity becomes available. So it's hard to predict those things. And and what happens. But we are busy and we feel confident that we could get a deal done if we have the opportunity.

Yes. We -- so first of all, Gordian had a very good quarter. What we did see in June, and we mentioned this a little bit is there was a little bit of budget clearing at the end of the fiscal year. And I think between stimulus and what's already we're seeing in projects, I think we're going to have -- we feel confident we'll have a good year at Gordian, for sure. So I think as we look forward, the Gordian not only in job order contracting, but estimating and even facility assessments, we're seeing good business. 
And I think on the Accruent side, you're seeing, as we said, we're starting to see those back to work projects come back, people who are looking for hoteling solutions, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our event and hoteling planning solution is -- sort of leads the way as people start to think about bringing people back to the office. 
So we saw that accelerate. We really like the professional services because a lot -- in a lot of those situations, that's the first part of Accruent before we see the SaaS revenue. We see those projects come in where we go in and help clients get started. So I think a number of places where we're seeing real opportunity, and I think we'll -- we really believe that those will continue. And as I said in a previous question, professional services being up double digits in the second half is going to be real helpful to us sort of building that business here for not only this year, but obviously into next year.

Yes, I think we see continued improvement. I would say there was some easy comp aspect to the ISC number in the quarter. But one of the things I was -- I think we're really excited about is the work they've been doing over the last 1.5 years to sort of move the business into new markets outside of oil and gas. And we saw some success in that in the quarter as well. 
So they're building the business around different end markets. At the same time, they're starting to see instrument revenue and rental revenue come up, which is really, I think, consistent with people coming back to work in oil and gas and projects coming back into those customers. So we continue -- we think that continues to accelerate through the remaining part of the year.

And then relative to maybe what we saw, I think -- and the other thing I'd just call on, there's a couple of examples in the call. The II900 that we called out at Fluke and the OneQA at Fluke Health, those are both examples of investments that we did 18 months ago that are now really paying off. So I think it's a good example of, hey, we give the operating companies money to accelerate product development for accelerated growth. And that's a good example we're seeing the payback of some of those investments that we did roughly 1.5 years ago. 
Relative to Pioneer Square Labs, as we said in the Q2 call, about half of that $15 million and half of that $35 million would be at the Fort and at PSL. We mentioned the spin in of TeamSense in the quarter or in early July. That's part of that investment is to fund TeamSense here as we spin that into the business. We're really excited about that opportunity. 
And then obviously, the FORT investments, which we said were probably more like 3 or 4 year -- 2 or 3 years out, relative to payback and return and is just to bring those numbers back, we thought it was about a $250 million growth opportunity for all of that work, and we still believe that that's true. 
We're probably hopefully planning to get 30 to 50 of that. And as we continue to build out the product lines and build out some of the ideas, we'll have greater granularity to that. But we're really excited about the work that we got done in the quarter, which is really going to be good work for us in next year and the years to follow.

Yes. So each one has its own sort of particular set of metrics. We have a board that's made up of team members from Fortive and team members from PSL. They sort of advocate for the business through a period of time prior to the spin in, we fund that. And then we make a decision whether the business ought be spun in if it's good strategically or really is helpful to us strategically, there might be situations where we actually go and get external funding. And then there are situations where we maybe wouldn't go forward. 
Right now, we have 3 that we're funding, the 1 that we spun in TeamSense, we have 2 others. We'll make some decisions here based -- and those decision criteria are individual to the businesses based on what they're trying to accomplish strategically, generally has the number of end customers, they have to solidify, there are certain goals around what they're doing with those customers from a product perspective is the product ready. And if we achieve those milestones, then we start to assess the potential opportunity. 
Pioneer Square Labs is really good, obviously, with their experience of bringing to us how we think that if we were to go for an external investment as an example, how would that business do in that regard. So I think it's been a great experience, and we're really celebrating 12 months of partnership here. 
And I was just with the senior team there at PSL a couple of weeks ago to talk about the partnership and make sure it's really on good footing. And I think without a doubt, we're in a very good place from a organizationally in which to continue to fund some of these things. We think if we've got great ideas, we'll fund them. But I think they also bring the process of killing ideas, and we've killed several ideas as well.

Yes. Well, I think obviously, with what happened last year with COVID, you've got to consider that. And I think you'd see, as an example at Fluke on -- and Tek as an example, on a 2-year basis, they're accelerating through the year. So we -- I think in that sense, we'll still -- what we have implied in the guide is those businesses getting better over a 2-year basis. So I think we feel good. Sensing is maybe in that same boat. So I think we still see some good progress here in a number of places. And as you mentioned, we see -- we'll see ASP get a little bit better. 
Our SaaS business is -- with 40% recurring revenue, we have a large part of the portfolio that did exceptionally well through 2020 and has continued to do well, and we called that out mostly the SaaS businesses that we have. But obviously, we continue to build our ARR portfolio. That continues to grow well. We'll have double-digit ARR growth at the end of the year for the full year. 
So I think we're accelerating the businesses that have been stable. And I think what you're starting to see is some of the businesses have a little bit more cyclicality still have some room with them. And what we've seen is, I think, good margin progression with those businesses as we've seen the revenue come back.

Well, I think the obvious one is just everything we're doing in EH&S. I think sustainability is becoming such an important topic for companies around the world and not just large cap. I mean just about every company in the world now is trying to understand their carbon footprint, they're trying to understand how to action sustainability work. And we're just so well positioned with Intelex, ehsAI around those trends. I think it's hard to call out anything better than that just given the massive amount of work and effort that's been going into sustainability everywhere in the world. 
So I think that's certainly a secular driver that we knew it was good a few years ago when we bought in Intelex. But I think every quarter, we own that business, we realized we have an even bigger opportunity.

Yes, sure. Well, I think Cliff, I wouldn't have thought that we could have virtualized some of our resources and still maintained a lot of the daily management things that we've done. It's just been incredible. And certainly, with some of the supply chain things I was describing, our team's ability to collaborate, continue to do Kaizen events in many cases, certainly problem-solving events in some cases, virtually. I would have never thought we could have done those at the level of quality that we're doing them today. 
So I think kudos to our FBS team that virtualized all of our tools. And I think that's certainly a great example of probably my own learning that these things can be virtualized and we've seen some great efforts here over the last year or so, 1.5 years in that regard. 
Relative to SaaS, I think there's really a couple of things. You know this better than anyone. Problem-solving is problem-solving, value stream mapping, it's value stream mapping. Every SaaS business has processes that are inefficient, sometimes they're customer success, sometimes they're customer -- sometimes they're product development. But I think fundamentally, we find that those processes can be improved. And I think in a SaaS business is no different than any other business in terms of a culture of continuous improvement on everything you do is a winning culture. So I think those are -- those are certainly things that we're seeing. And obviously, our -- what we're trying to show in our Investor Day is so many examples of where that's really playing out thus far.

Yes. I mean it's a lot of the same stuff. We applied value stream mapping into the Accruent business and significantly impacted DSO right away. And that was already a negative working capital business that we just made -- I think we made better. So I think these transactional processes exist just as much in software businesses. And our teams -- our Gordian, we called out Gordian in several places, who's applied these things all across the board and made great improvements. 
So I -- and we've certainly seen that. Intelex' operating profit is significantly above where it was when we bought the company. I could say that about all the software businesses. So we found those pools of opportunity. They're sometimes in different places, but ultimately, if we can teach the principles to the leadership teams of these businesses, and encourage them and quite frankly, support them, we tend to have real good success.

It's mostly the U.S. Now part of that is because it's our biggest business. So our biggest region. So I would say most of it was in the U.S., a little bit in Europe. But I think for the most part, most markets outside of the United States were actually pretty stable. So we're -- because of the share that we have in the U.S., and we're probably a little bit more receptive to the COVID change the elective procedure change than we are elsewhere -- we can make a little bit more of our own luck in the other parts of the world, and that's what we did, so I think that really is where we stand. 
Relative to going forward, as we said, we probably thought that we were getting closer to 100% by the end of the year. We're probably a couple of hundred basis points different than that now where we stand for the second half.

Yes. So number one, they have a [ SKOUT ] product, which is really their data analytics product. We definitely think we have an opportunity to accelerate the great things they were already planning to do with the FORT. So the answer to that is absolutely, that will be a real opportunity for us going forward. It's a very small part of ServiceChannel today, but we think it can be a real important part not only the revenue stream but of the customer capture and the ability to accelerate the network flywheel that we talk about between enterprise customers and the service network. 
Relative to algorithms, the answer is yes. One of the principal roles of the FORT is actually to re-task algorithms is to create algorithms that we can apply to the same business problems or the same growth opportunities within the business. Probably the place we're doing that the most is in our software businesses around customer churn predictive models. 
Once we get those models up and running, we can apply them to different customer sets within different  operating businesses. So we absolutely re-task those algorithms, and that's a big part of the FORT's job is to maintain those algorithms and to continue to make them better as we get more and more data running through them.

Thanks, Pasha, and thanks, everyone, for taking the time today. I think what you saw today with earnings was a really strong quarter. We continue, I think, to really work hard and diligent to really take advantage of the opportunities of a better market. I think you saw that with the guide and certainly saw that in the margin profile. And we're really excited about the work going on. A lot of hard work going on with our team every day. 
So I want to thank our team for all the hard work in the quarter and all the hard work that's going to continue through the year as we continue to take advantage of the opportunities of a growing market here. We're in a great place. Thanks for your time. Thanks for your support. We look forward to the follow-up calls and conversations that we have. Have a great rest of the summer for those of you who haven't taken a vacation yet, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Stay safe. Thank you.