Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. Today we reported first quarter results that reflected a solid start to 2019, setting us up to deliver another year of strong double-digit earnings growth. Our first quarter adjusted earnings per share was in line with our expectations as the performance of Industrial Technologies led by strong growth from Gilbarco Veeder-Root was partially offset by near-term headwinds within Professional Instrumentation. We also generated strong free cash flow growth of greater than 30% in the quarter, reflecting the vitality of our businesses as we continue to invest in organic innovation and pursue acquisitions that will accelerate our strategy. 
 On April 1, we closed the acquisition of the Advanced Sterilization Products business from Johnson & Johnson, welcoming the business and its employees to the Fortive family. We're very pleased that we closed this complex carve-out on schedule in just under 10 months. The $2.7 billion transaction represents our largest acquisition to-date and provides Fortive with a strong position in the attractive $4 billion mid-single-digit growth medical sterilization and disinfection market. 
 With a strong global installed base and leading brand, ASP brings growth, high recurring revenue and significant earnings potential to the Fortive portfolio. While ASP is our most recent acquisition, we are excited about the progress being made by the other acquisitions closed over the past couple of years. Gordian and Accruent have continued their early momentum generating strong growth through the first quarter of 2019. 
 
 Likewise, ISC, Landauer and Orpak are performing well as they embrace the Fortive business system in order to deliver enhanced go-to-market execution, innovation and improvements in free cash flow. The growth of these businesses continues to drive the evolution of the Fortive portfolio toward a higher-growth, less-cyclical profile. We look forward to sharing more detail about our progress when we're together at our investor conference in May. 
 With that, I'd like to turn to the details of the quarter. Adjusted net earnings were $245.6 million, up 6.7% over the prior year, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $0.69. Sales grew 6.7% to $1.6 billion, reflecting a core revenue increase of 3.7%. Core revenue growth was highlighted by the strong performance of GVR as well as Industrial Scientific and EMC. Acquisitions, including Gordian and Accruent, contributed 580 basis points of top line growth, while unfavorable foreign exchange rates reduced growth by 280 basis points.
 Geographically, high-growth market's core revenue grew mid-single digits, led by Asia and the Middle East. China posted another strong quarter with high single-digit growth, led by GVR, Fluke and Tektronix. 
 Developed markets' core revenue grew low-single digits, reflecting continued strength in North America and strong performance in Japan. Core revenue growth in North America was mid-single digits, led by GVR, Tektronix, EMC and Industrial Scientific. Western Europe was relatively flat as strong growth of GVR and Qualitrol was offset by slower growth at Fluke and weakness at Tektronix.
In the first quarter, we posted a gross margin of 51%, including 160 basis points of pricing. Reported operating margin -- profit margin was 13.6%, reflecting 240 basis points of dilution from acquisitions and 190 basis points of dilution from deal-related costs. Core operating margins were down 70 basis points as stronger volume of GVR was offset by lower-than-expected growth at Tektronix and Fluke and unfavorable foreign exchange rates across the company. 
 During the first quarter, we generated $137 million of free cash flow and a seasonally strong conversion ratio of 84%. Free cash flow generated in the quarter represented a 31% increase year-over-year. For the full year, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of greater than 120%. 
 Turning to our segments. Professional Instrumentation posted sales growth of 8.7%, including core revenue growth of 1.8%. Acquisitions contributed 950 basis points, while unfavorable foreign exchange rates reduced growth by 260 basis points. Reported operating margin of 14.4% reflected 740 basis points of dilutive operating margin associated with acquisitions and deal-related costs. Core operating margins decreased 190 basis points, reflecting the weaker-than-expected revenue growth at Tektronix and sensing, the impact of tariffs and unfavorable foreign exchange.
Advanced Instrumentation and Solutions core revenue increased low-single digits as strong performance in Industrial Scientific and EMC was offset by lower growth for Fluke and Tektronix during the quarter. Field Solutions core revenue grew low-single digits with low single-digit growth in developed markets paced by the continued strong performance of ISC. 
 High-growth markets grew slightly as solid growth from Fluke and ISC was largely offset by continued weakness at Qualitrol. China posted another strong quarter with mid-single digit core growth. Fluke generated low single-digit core growth led by double-digit growth at Fluke Calibration. Fluke's industrial growth in the first quarter was impacted by slower point-of-sale trends in Western Europe and the United States and a stronger finish in 2018.
We did, however, see improvement in point-of-sale growth in North America over the back half of the quarter. Fluke Digital Systems grew greater than 30%, led by eMaint, which added more than 50 new customers and generated a greater than 20% increase in annual recurring revenue. Fluke continued its strong broad-based growth in China with point-of-sale increases reflecting the enhanced strength of Fluke's competitive position and healthy momentum as it ended the quarter. On the new product front, Fluke Networks launched 2 new fiber testing inspection products during the quarter, which have gotten off to a strong start. 
 ISC delivered high-teens core growth, led by North America. iNet saw another quarter of greater than 20% growth, while rental had a particularly strong quarter, driven by several large project wins. The ISC team is very excited about continuing to pursue the emerging revenue opportunity from bundled solutions that combine iNet with the company's rental offering in the coming quarters. ISC delivered over 500 basis points of operating margin expansion in the first quarter as the application of FBS continues to drive consistent operational improvements. 
 Qualitrol's core revenue declined low double digits during the quarter, in line with our expectations. While the company has started to see some early signs and more stable conditions in certain markets, we continue to expect the headwinds from soft market conditions to remain a challenge throughout 2019. Product realization core revenue increased low single digits as high-teens growth at EMC was moderated by a flat quarter from Tektronix. 
 EMC saw strong base business growth, along with the continued progress of its product offering for commercial satellites with the first launches of satellites employing it's fully networked pyrotechnic release solution during the quarter. Flat growth at Tektronix was a result of contrasting performance across developed and high-growth markets during the quarter. Developed markets grew low single digits led by strong growth in North America and Japan, which was partially offset by a decrease in Western Europe. High-growth markets were down mid-single digits as a strong quarter in China was more than offset by declines in South Korea and the rest of Asia. 
Tektronix' oscilloscope offering continues to drive growth benefiting from the momentum behind the 6 Series MSO, which was introduced in the third quarter of 2018. As part of the ongoing effort to reshape and focus the Tektronix's portfolio, the company also recently signed an agreement to contribute its video test and monitoring business to a new entity formed with Telestream and Genstar Capital, Telestream's private equity owner. We expect the transaction to close at the beginning of the third quarter. 
 Core revenue for the sensing technologies platform decreased low single digits in the quarter. Sensing had a slow start to the year experiencing headwinds across certain parts of its core industrial end markets, including slower demand trends from electronics and semiconductor OEM customers. Growth remained solid across the platform's medical and defense end markets, while recent new product launches continue to drive strong growth in critical environment applications. The platform performed well in China, registering high single-digit growth, was offset by low single-digit declines in North America and Western Europe. 
 Moving to our Industrial Technologies segment. Revenue grew 4%, including core revenue growth of 6.4%. Acquisitions contributed 80 basis points, while unfavorable foreign exchange rates reduced growth by 320 basis points. Reporting operating margin of 16.3% reflected 20 basis points of dilutive operating margins associated with acquisitions. Core operating margin increased 130 basis points, driven by the strong volume in GVR in the quarter. 
 Our Transportation Technologies platform core revenue grew low double digits, led by greater than 20% in high-growth markets and high single-digit growth in developed markets. GVR delivered mid-teens core revenue growth, highlighted by a low double-digit increase in developed markets and a greater than 20% increase in high-growth markets. Developed markets were led by North America, reflecting a combination of accelerating EMV sales and the lapping of ERP implementation issues that affected performance in the first quarter of 2018. 
 Gilbarco continued to generate strong growth from EMV sales, driven by programs with major oil company partners. Phillips 66 recently announced the release of outdoor EMV capability for its sites running the Gilbarco Passport point-of-sale system. Gilbarco also reached an agreement with Shell to offer its EMV-ready passport edge point-of-sale solution to Shell's dealer network on a monthly subscription basis. 
 China saw greater than 30% growth, driven by the continued regulatory tailwind at Veeder-Root from ongoing double-walled tank upgrades. GVR's strong results in high-growth markets included significant growth in India as GVR's comprehensive product and service capability, including recent innovation within Orpak automation offering, led to a number of large tender wins during the quarter. 
 As expected, TeletracNavman declined high-single digits in the first quarter as strong growth across Asia Pacific was more than offset by a decline in North America. The TeletracNavman team remains focused on stabilizing the North American business, where the high level of customer churn that emerged in 2018 remains a headwind despite some improvement during the quarter. TeletracNavman was recently awarded a FedRAMP provisional authority to operate, making its director product eligible for procurement by all federal agencies based on its security and reliability as a third-party cloud solution. 
 Moving to franchise distribution. The platform declined low single digits during the first quarter. Tennessee's performance was impacted by significant customer inventory reductions, while Matco was up slightly. At the company's annual tool expo, Matco launched an exclusive mobile AC recycler line optimized for uptime and service reliability that's been well received by the market and drove shop equipment growth during the quarter. 
 Turning to the guide. We are updating our full year 2019 adjusted diluted net EPS guidance to $3.55 to $3.65, representing year-over-year growth of 16% to 19% on a continuing operations basis. The revised annual guide includes $0.20 for the addition of ASP and a reduction of $0.05 due to the Tektronix video transaction. 
 The guide also assumes 3% to 5% core revenue growth, 25 to 50 basis points of core OMX, an effective tax rate of 17% and free cash flow conversion of greater than 120% for the year. We are also initiating our second quarter adjusted diluted net EPS guidance of $0.86 to $0.90, representing year-over-year growth of 18% at the high-end. This includes assumptions of 3% to 4% core revenue growth and an effective tax rate of 17%. 
 To wrap up, our first quarter results came in as we expected despite some near-term challenges that impacted our shorter-cycle businesses as well as headwinds from tariffs and foreign exchange. For the quarter, we delivered high single-digit total revenue growth, mid-single digit core revenue growth and greater than 30% growth in free cash flow. 
 With the closing of ASP at the beginning of the second quarter, we also took another significant step forward in the ongoing transformation of the Fortive portfolio, greatly increasing our exposure to an attractive health care market tied to long-term secular growth drivers and adding another source of high recurring revenue and consistently robust free cash flow. 
 Looking ahead with the combination of a resilient core portfolio, the foundation of the Fortive Business System, the growing contribution of Gordian and Accruent, and the addition of ASP, we remain well positioned to deliver another year of top-quartile earnings growth. 
 We look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Investor Day in New York on May 16 where we will give you deeper insights into the digital strategy of Fortive as well as an update on our portfolio of transformation efforts. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Griffin.

No, no. In fact, we had a good quarter at both, Steve -- it's Jim. We saw good strength in the construction spend through the platform. That's the job order contracting part of the business or what we call procurement solutions. That business was up double digits. So -- and that's roughly 60% of the business. So no, at Gordian, we saw good performance, and we saw good performance at Accruent as well. So as we said in the prepared remarks, we're off to a very good start, and I think one of the things we like the best about the business, in addition to its great secular drivers, is we really are getting an outstanding team in both businesses.

Yes. So maybe put a little bit of the geographies, in context, Steve. I think what we saw in -- our overall North American growth was pretty good. But obviously, Gilbarco drives a lot of that because of the quarter they had. I think the good news in the quarter, Gilbarco was really the high-growth markets. Now those were specific to Gilbarco, so I don't know if you get a macro read there as much, but good high-growth market performance pretty much in every part of the world. A lot of that, we said in the prepared remarks. What we did see is relative to your pull-in question or what we saw is we definitely -- I think we highlighted this in February that we thought there was somewhere around 70 to 100 basis points of revenue in the fourth quarter that was probably came out of the first. We now think that number is closer to 125. And that's a chunk of tariff avoidance. And then I think the other thing is, we definitely saw North America in a number of places sort of start out slow and then get better through the quarter. Point of sale at Fluke, as an example, clearly got better through the quarter. Matco got better in March. So we did see some trends that were improving through the quarter, and I would say, just in our distribution businesses, mostly weaker in Professional Instrumentation. Clearly, Europe was a weak point for our distribution in Europe.

No. Well, it's probably going to be a little -- we always thought it was a low single digit in the year, and that changed -- probably that point of view doesn't really change, a little bit different number but probably the lower part of low single digit. They were negative in the quarter but will continue to get a little bit better as -- and their comps get a little easier in the second half as well. One of the good things about the business is they've done a -- they're obviously a very profitable part of the business, and they did a good job in protecting free cash flow in the quarter. So they will move to growth here through the rest of the year, and they'll continue to contribute better from an earnings perspective as they go through the year.

Yes. I think a couple things. One, clearly, the software businesses like Gordian and Accruent are going to require a little bit more R&D. And quite frankly, they were pretty tight on R&D being owned -- both being owned by private equity. We will probably add to their R&D spend as we look forward to opportunities to accelerate growth and to build out their platform of solutions. As you know, the great addition of these businesses is the continued add of features to current customers, which really delivers strong earnings potential over time. So we'll do that. But in many -- standpoint, the overall Fortive number may not move all that much because as we'll look for productivity as we're always looking for productivity in other places. We're through some of the big spend at Tektronix on their new platform, as an example. So there's clearly what we often call dynamic research allocation where we're really moving money into places where we have the highest growth opportunities.

Yes. I'll take the last part first, Julian. We definitely think we saw destocking in some places at Fluke and Tek. I would say definitely in Europe for both businesses and probably -- and certainly some in the U.S. Tek had on interesting dynamic where their direct business was up significantly more. They had like mid-single growth in the direct business, but their distribution business was down in the first quarter. So that really kind of -- we attribute a chunk of that to destocking and a little bit of what we said before, which was kind of tariff avoidance, pricing avoidance that occurred in the fourth quarter as I mentioned in an answer a few minutes ago. So I think that provides the dynamic where we'll see that play out and improve the second quarter and through the rest of the year. I would also point out that Tek had a book-to-bill over 1 in the first quarter. I think Fluke did as well. But so we certainly feel like we're seeing some solid performance. And I think in both cases, we're starting to see the point-of-sale numbers start to improve as we move through the quarter. So I think we started off a little slower than we thought. Obviously, the Professional Instrumentation had just under 2% core growth. It certainly reflects that. Tek being flat certainly reflects that. But we think it -- we're not really expecting a big macro improvement here to deliver what we need to deliver. It's really more just kind of working through that inventory destocking and really just kind of seeing the current rates sort of play out.

Yes. The -- strategically, Deane, you know us well, so we've always been looking, from a portfolio perspective, to always put our businesses in the best position for success. We also ask our operating companies to do that as well. And I think the Tektronix team really came back with this understanding that, hey, by combining with the Telestream business, not -- the video business not as core to what we do with Tek, obviously. And increasingly, I think the combination of those businesses was looking better and better. So we'll combine the businesses. We'll have a minority interest in the combined entity, and we'll really benefit from the success of the synergies in the business and what Gemstar's looking to do with the business over time. So we think the economics over time are going to be good because we think the synergies are strong.

Probably more on the direct side as those are more -- as you can imagine, those are more case-by-case decisions on the business, and so I would say I lean more to the direct side. A little bit in distribution but some of it was price not realized on the distribution side because of -- if you think about it this way, we expected more price with the January 1 price increases, but because we had more pull-in to the fourth quarter from distribution, we sort of avoided the price metric, if you will, in the first quarter, if that makes sense, Deane?

Andrew, the other thing that it's just maybe important to keep an eye on is we had our best quarter in the history of the company last -- first quarter of '18 on margin expansion in PI. We had 300 basis points of margin expansion in the first quarter last year, so when we look on a 2-year stack there, we still feel pretty good about the margin expansion in the core business. Obviously, the tariffs as Chuck mentioned have some impact there. But I think when we look at sort of the core work that we typically do, we feel pretty good about that, and that'll get better as we work through the year.

Yes, no problem. So I think first of all, we probably want to see Western Europe get better, china to continue. We were high-single digits in the month -- in the quarter. We've said for a while now that China was likely to be more mid-single digit for the year. So if China held in there, maybe got a little better and Western Europe got better, I think we more would be at the high end of the range. And also -- we also have some easier comps in some places like at sensing and at Fluke. So if we get to the higher end of their businesses as well there's some opportunity. So we'll build the business model around that range. And what we feel really good about is we're going to deliver double-digit earnings growth in the first half of the year in that kind of 3% growth, and we're going to deliver double -- high-teens earnings growth through the year. So even in that range of growth rates, I think the earnings growth is going to be substantial, and that's pretty much why you saw the strong free cash flow in the quarter despite the fact that we missed the PI revenue number by a little bit. The free cash flow up 31% I think was a good testament of our operational ability to continue to deliver.

Yes. So on Tek specifically, we saw -- as you said, we saw a little bit better China than we thought. I think some of that -- I'm still -- we still expected that to moderate a little bit, as I said. It's high single digits in the quarter but probably mid-single in the full year. So I think that's still going to be a good year after I think 4 years in a row of either double-digit or high single-digit growth for Tek in China. And it's been relatively resilient, as you said. I think we saw most customers in most segments of the market pretty good. And the other thing I would call on just relative to China macro is that Fluke's point of sale and its shops, which is a pretty good bellwether for the market, was good, and Fluke's growth was pretty broad-based in China as well. So I think china is holding in there. I wouldn't -- I'm not a -- I'm not going to be a pundit that says everything is great and it's going to turn wonderful. But I think, it was certainly solid in our -- it was a little better than we thought it would be overall. And as you mentioned, GVR's continued regulatory performance, but that'll wane a little bit in the second half. Relative to Tek in the rest of Asia, very -- a lot of our business in South Korea is 3D-sensing related and it's Keithley related. We probably have more semiconductor process, if you will, or manufacturing exposure in Korea. And so while that's not a big issue for Fortive, it does impact the Asia business as we cite it. And so we saw that in Korea and in other parts of Asia. So that was probably the -- one of the headwinds that we saw at Tektronix in the quarter, for sure. That moderates a little bit through the year just because we have some easier comps.

Yes, we got a -- we'll probably be in the low- to mid-range right now. I think we're still getting a sense of what the business is going to be like that. They had a couple of onetime things that were last year that I would say maybe their natural growth rate over the last few years has been low single digit, in that range, kind of 3% to 4%. But we think the -- we know the market is growing mid-single digits. So I think as we said a year ago, when we announced the signing of the deal that we felt good about, over a time period, we can turn the business into a mid-single digit grower. But I think implicit in the guide, with about 12 months of TSAs, Jeff, and working through Johnson & Johnson on some of the revenue profile for a time period, it's probably going to be a more like low single-digit until we've got every aspect of the business under our ownership.

I think everything that we've seen thus far we've done a lot of work in this regard, Jeff, is that the cost structure that led to the returns for the business is every bit in place. So we feel very good about that. We think we still believe in the opportunity to improve the gross margins as well. And then finally, when you look at the -- so a lot of the tenets of -- the core tenets of the value creation are there, and we did this at a much lower interest rate cost and at a much different tax rate. And so the returns -- the return profile has improved pretty -- a great deal since we announced the deal 12 months ago -- 10 months ago.

Yes, I would rarely be described as someone who sits back and waits on anything. But -- so I feel obligated to answer that as we're certainly leaning in to opportunities. I think -- John, we have been pretty busy. I think we've been as busy as we've been over a time period. So we'll continue to look for opportunities. As you said, we just closed 24 days ago the largest acquisition in the history of the company. And so we certainly are digesting that and spending a considerable amount of time to make sure we do that right, and that's important. So I don't want in any way, shape or form suggest that that's not a first priority because it is. But we also want to make sure we just -- between Gordian and Accruent and also with ASP, we've now bought, call it, almost $10 billion of served market opportunity with it, and with that comes more opportunity. So we feel good about the opportunities in front of us, but again, I think, we have -- we now have the -- we certainly have the ability to be disciplined like we always have been and we're return focused as well. So it's almost sunsetting our 3-year anniversary here pretty soon, as you know well, the deals ebbed and flowed, and I suspect that'll continue to be true.

Well, I would say that the environment hasn't changed a lot in the last several months, but certainly, for the last few years, it's been competitive in the sense of we've just -- the 2 major deals that we've done were in private equity hands. And private equity is showing up increasingly in a lot of these transactions. So I would say -- I wouldn't necessarily say -- we want to play where we're advantaged, where we have a proprietary view of the business, where -- and certainly now with some of the additions where we have synergy. And so I think those -- we're going to play in places where I think we're more likely to win. But I think the most important part is first having a strategic view of how to build a workflow and to really understand what you can do with the business, not only with the business you have but also with additional things and building more scale. And as you point out now, with Gordian and Accruent, eMaint alone in sort of that facilities maintenance -- facilities management software space, we're almost to $0.5 billion. That gives us a tremendous amount of scale in which to do things. And then in some of our other businesses where we have strategic positions, we're adding on to things to make them -- just make the workflow more competitive. And that builds on the strength of the brands, whether it be Gilbarco or Tektronix or whatever. So we're continuing to do those things as well. And I would say -- the other thing I would say is that, well, maybe the follow-up question might be pricing. I don't think we're -- for great assets, I don't think we're really seeing differences in pricing over the last year or 2. I think the crummy assets maybe have -- prices have increased. And so everything in the bottom end has moved up, but I think when you look at what great growth, great margin profiles with high recurring revenue, those really strong assets with differentiated market positions, fundamentally, that pricing really hasn't changed in the last year or 2.

Yes. So I think Chuck and I can tag-team just a little bit. I think strategically, we're certainly looking within Gilbarco, within transportation Tek and within Fortive to countermeasure these things. So within Gilbarco, we're building out our high-growth market positions. We've done 2 -- really almost 3 acquisitions over the last several years in India as an example to build our positions in high-growth markets. We just launched a new dispenser for high-growth markets that is I think a really great product. So built out our positions in markets where we -- that are non-EMV. That's #1. I think #2 is to continue to take advantage of opportunities like in electric vehicles where our Tritium investment is doing some things, and we'll certainly continue to do that. So that's what we're doing within Gilbarco. And then certainly in the platform, we're looking for new opportunities. And certainly as you mentioned, the breadth of opportunities that we have throughout Fortive to also do these things are going to be all opportunities for us to countermeasure, if you will, the EMV shortfall, which inevitably will happen. I think -- I don't think -- I think we've been consistent well over for at least couple years to say that, inevitably there will be a step-down at some point in time. That's, I would say, somewhat predictable, probably not within a specific quarter but certainly within a couple of quarters, we have a pretty good sense for that.

And Scott, we're very focused on continuing to countermeasure all those things. So I think the idea that -- I think Chuck and I have spent a considerable amount of time making sure that we've got the actions in the businesses to go after this, and that's why I think, even though you see a little bit of a lower OMX, you see the continued strength in EPS, and you see the continued strength of free cash flow. So the metric itself, it's a little bit influenced by the way, you measure tariffs and things like that, but at the end of the day, what we don't change is you see the incredibly strong high-teens EPS growth and a continued focus on 120% free cash flow conversion.

Nigel, your first question was a little bit of I think, around durability of Gordian and Accruent. Is that...

Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. And I would also say just to that point is -- and maybe just it's a small but important caveat is that we spent a bunch of time with the businesses, and we may choose to invest in the business through the year. In fact, for sure, we've already approved some additional investments to accelerate the growth in the business, too, which will -- which may not necessarily pay out in any particular quarter but gives us a much more durable revenue stream in the years to come. So you know us well. So you know from time to time, we will make those decisions, and that could impact that, that percentage by a few hundred basis points depending on when and how we do it.

No, it's really kind of in our short-cycle businesses, primarily at Fluke and Tek. The -- probably greater fourth quarter than we originally expected, which led to some -- and we'll call most of that probably tariff avoidance. So it's that. There is a little bit of point of sale starting slower, too, in the first part of quarter as well, John. So I wouldn't -- and I think it's those 2 things, the destocking some of it is because of the point of sale, it's also some of it because of the increase in inventory that they had at the end of the year.

Yes, I think as we said, I would -- I'm still -- I still think Europe is a challenge for us. So in the quarter, Qualitrol and GVR, which Qualitrol was one -- was a project. GVR was more secular typically and not a good read on the macro. That's a broader Europe comment, John. When you look at Tek was down in Europe and a chunk of that was in Germany, Fluke had a weaker -- while they weren't down in Europe, they were weaker than normal. So I think those are maybe a little bit more of a telltale sign of the macro. And so we don't have a big, big belief that that's going to significantly improve for the rest of the year. We'll sunset some easier comps, but I think we're watching -- we're reading a lot of the same macro stuff everyone's reading. We're certainly looking through a lot of the other peer company filings to get a read on that, and I think it seems like it kind of depends. So the good news is like some of our software businesses have been pretty resilient. I think Accruent was up high single digits in Europe, as an example. So the places where we have good resiliency within the business model are still doing pretty well.

Yes. So I think we're -- it's interesting, but we did -- we announced a couple of changes. We put in -- many of our senior leaders have been sort of owner operators in businesses since we -- since our inception. We've hired somebody from the outside that was in immersion for a while, and put him, Marc Tremblay, into the Fluke job and we promoted Tami Newcombe into the Tektronix job. So those 2 organizational announcements have been out there and are -- we're really excited about having 2 really strong leaders into new positions. Also, frees Pat and Wes up. Wes obviously has picked up a lot with all the new acquisitions. Pat certainly has been the lead role on ASP. So it gives us the opportunity for the 2 of them to spend more time on building out the platforms and that kind of thing.

So I think that's it. Thanks, everybody, for a great interaction and the time today. Obviously, a busy day for everyone, and so we appreciate the time you've taken to be with us. We're really proud of the work we did in the quarter. Certainly, some things to fix, as I think we mentioned we're very focused on that. But at the same time, the ability to sort of do what we believe is going to be a strong year. We're off to a good start. We look forward to seeing all of you in New York in May, and we'll give you more detail on ASP on Gordian and Accruent. We'll certainly outline our digital strategy and certainly give you a better perspective on a number of the strategies that we're utilizing to drive growth this year but, more importantly, to build a better Fortive over time. Thanks. And our -- Griffin and team and Chuck are around for questions tonight, tomorrow and next week. Take care, everybody. Have a great week.