Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, we are pleased to announce our fourth quarter 2020 results, which reflect a strong finish to the year. For the quarter, we delivered adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $0.70, an increase of 19% year-over-year as well as total revenue growth of 4.9%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance and included a return to positive core growth. 
The quarter underlined the increased resilience of our portfolio and represented a continuation of the sequential improvement in top line performance that we have seen since late in Q2. Despite the continued challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, our disciplined application of the Fortive Business System helped drive more than 100 basis points of core operating margin expansion and a 39% increase in free cash flow. 
The better top line performance in Q4 reflected a combination of durability across the recurring revenue portions of our portfolio and clear improvement at Fluke and Tektronix. The strength of our recurring revenue, which now accounts for approximately 39% of our total revenue, provided an important source of stability throughout 2020. In Q4, this was most notable among our SaaS offerings, which generated low teens growth. The application of FBS customer success tools also continued to deliver improvements in net revenue retention, which climbed greater than 101% for the full year. Our SaaS performance helped offset the challenges the software businesses are having with customer site access for the provision of services as well as extended time lines for contract renewals. The fourth quarter also saw Fluke and Tektronix return to positive growth. Both have seen steady improvements since the middle of Q2, driven by better point of sale trends across major geographies and continued successful new product launches. 
On January 19, we disposed of our remaining 19.9% ownership stake in Vontier through a tax-efficient debt-for-equity exchange. This transaction represents the final step in the Vontier separation. With a combination of the Vontier spin proceeds, the debt-for-equity exchange and our continued strong free cash flow, we have reduced our net debt by approximately $3 billion since the beginning of Q4. With a net leverage ratio currently at approximately 1.3x, we have significant capacity to pursue key capital allocation priorities. 
With that, let's turn to the details of the quarter on Slide 4. Adjusted net earnings were $252.9 million, up 19.3% from the prior year, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $0.70. Total sales increased 4.9% to $1.3 billion, with core revenue up 0.7%, reflecting continued sequential improvement from the prior quarter. Acquisitions contributed 260 basis points to growth, and favorable foreign exchange rates increased growth by 160 basis points. 
We are particularly pleased to deliver adjusted gross margins of 58.5%, representing a new high for Fortive, which highlights the significant portfolio transformation accomplished over the last few years. Gross margins also benefited from our ongoing investment in innovation, continued application of FBS growth tools and another quarter of strong pricing. 
Adjusted operating profit margin was 23.2% for the quarter. This reflected 130 basis points of core margin -- operating margin expansion, including positive core OMX for each of the segments. This was the second consecutive quarter with greater than 100 basis points of core OMX. The Q4 margin performance also contributed to 50 basis points of positive core OMX for the full year 2020. 
During the fourth quarter, we generated $313 million of free cash flow representing conversion of 124% of adjusted net earnings and an increase of 39% year-over-year. Including this fourth quarter contribution, our full year 2020 free cash flow was $902 million, representing conversion of 120% of adjusted net earnings and an increase of 44% year-over-year. Our 2020 free cash flow performance, in particular, showed the resilience of our portfolio and the power of the Fortive Business System to drive consistent, strong increases in free cash flow. 
On Slide 6 today -- of today's presentation, we show the region-by-region breakdown for the fourth quarter, in which we continue to see sequential improvement across our major regions. In Asia, core revenue increased by low single digits, highlighted by high single-digit growth in China and mid-single-digit growth in India. Continued strength in China was broad-based, led by mid-20% growth in Sensing, mid-teens growth at Fluke and high-teens growth at Advanced Sterilization Products. This strength in China and India was offset by declines in most of the rest of Asia. 
Western Europe core revenue increased by high single digits in the fourth quarter with high-teens growth at Fluke Health Solutions, high single-digit growth at Tektronix and mid-single-digit growth in ASP. 
North America core revenue was down slightly in the fourth quarter as low-teens growth in Tektronix and high single-digit growth in Censis was primarily offset by declines in ASP and Industrial Scientific. Fluke improved to flat core growth in North America driven by strong performance in Fluke Calibration and a return to growth at Fluke Industrial. 
Turning to our segments. Intelligent Operating Solutions posted a total revenue increase of 3.2% despite a 0.3% decline in core revenue. Acquisitions increased growth by 170 basis points, while favorable foreign exchange rates increased growth by 180 basis points. Core operating margin increased 280 basis points as price realization, improved mix and higher volumes of Fluke resulted in segment-level adjusted operating margin of 28.7%. 
Fluke's core revenue returned to positive growth in the fourth quarter, increasing by low single digits. Fluke saw another quarter of strong growth in China, which increased by mid-teens, in addition to seeing continued improvements in North America and Western Europe, which were flat and down low single digits, respectively. Point of sale showed improvement with North America still negative but better sequentially, Western Europe turning positive and China continuing at a positive high single-digit rate. Fluke saw strong performance in Fluke Calibration and Fluke Digital as well as solid growth at Fluke Industrial. Fluke Digital was led by another strong quarter from eMaint, including low double-digit SaaS growth. Fluke continues to see momentum from recent product launches, including its ii910 sonic imager, which was launched in November. 
Industrial Scientific core revenue declined by mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. iNet continued to see good growth, which is more than offset by continued oil and gas-related pressure at ISC's instrumentation and rental businesses. Separately, Intelex continued to perform well, with revenues increasing by low double digits. The fourth quarter also represented a record bookings quarter for Intelex, which has seen strong traction in its expansion into Western Europe. Intelex is benefiting from the implementation of FBS, which contributed to the successful rollout of enhanced sales funnel management and digital marketing lead generation tools. 
In November, Intelex also completed the acquisition of ehsAI, a leading provider of artificial intelligence and machine learning for the automation of permitting and regulatory compliance management. The addition of ehsAI significantly enhances Intelex' ability to deliver applied intelligence and advanced analytics to a broad range of customers. 
At Accruent, we also saw significant sequential improvement, driven primarily by strong growth in its SaaS offerings. While Accruent declined by low single digits for the quarter, its SaaS business increased by mid-teens. Accruent also continued to apply FBS to drive improvement in churn in the quarter, bringing net retention for the year to greater than 100%. Despite some continued pressure from customer site access issues, Accruent is seeing good bookings for its Meridian engineering and information management offering as we partner with customers on their digital transformations in highly regulated markets, such as life science and pharma. We also continue to bring new offerings to market to address work -- return to work requirements, including a recent win for Accruent's EMS space management software product for Cushman & Wakefield. 
Gordian declined by high single digits due to headwinds associated with budget challenges and uncertainty across state and local government and higher education customers as well as continued site access issues. Gordian's RSMeans business grew low single digits, driven by mid-teens growth for its SaaS offering, supported by the successful implementation of virtual platforms for training and onboarding. Gordian also saw signs of improvement in project activity in its job order contracting business towards the end of the quarter. 
Turning to our Precision Technologies segment. We posted a total revenue increase of 2.3% with a 0.7% increase in core revenue. Favorable foreign exchange rates increased growth by 160 basis points. Core operating margin increased 30 basis points, resulting in segment-level adjusted operating margin of 22.2%. 
Tektronix delivered mid single-digit core growth in the quarter with low-teens growth in North America and high single-digit growth in Western Europe. Tektronix continued to benefit from better point of sale trends in both regions with significant improvement from Q3. China saw a low single-digit decline due primarily to the negative impact of the expansion of trade restrictions, partially offset by good year-over-year point of sale growth and momentum from small and medium enterprise customers. 
Looking across the product line, the improved top line performance in Q4 was driven by low double-digit growth in both Keithley and the mainstream mixed-single oscilloscope -- mixed-signal oscilloscope platforms. Growth in mainstream oscilloscopes continues to be led by the 6 Series line of scopes, which has seen strong demand for the new 6- and 8-channel versions since they were introduced in Q3. 
Sensing Technologies declined low single digits in the fourth quarter. Sensing performed well in China with mid-20% growth driven by gains in critical environment applications, et cetera, and increased OEM demand for Hengstler, Dynapar's factory automation offerings. North America revenue increased slightly, while Western Europe declined low single digits, with both regions showing clear sequential improvement. Sensing's improved top line performance was primarily due to continued strength in medical and semiconductor end markets. Setra's recently launched AIIR Watch negative pressure machine for isolation room applications has performed well, generating strong initial orders since its launch early in the quarter with orders from a range of customers across medical offices, long-term care facilities and schools. 
PacSci EMC declined low single digits as it continued to face COVID-19-related pressures across certain elements of its supply chain. The company did see sequential -- clear sequential top line improvement versus the third quarter as well as another quarter of strong bookings. EMC entered 2021 in a strong backlog position as its leading technology and innovation capabilities continue to drive strong demand. 
Moving to Advanced Health Care Solutions. Total revenue increased 12% with a 2.6% increase in core revenue. Acquisitions added 830 basis points to growth, while favorable foreign exchange rates increased growth by 110 basis points. Core operating margin increased 50 basis points, resulting in segment-level adjusted operating margin of 24.1%, up significantly versus Q3 and driven by strong margin lift at ASP as we continue to exit the transition service agreements. 
ASP declined mid-single digits as pandemic-related pressure on elective procedure volumes remained a headwind. Elective procedure volumes averaged approximately 93% of pre-COVID levels across the company's major markets but were lower than anticipated and did not see slowing -- and did see slowing towards the end of the quarter. ASP continued to perform well in Western Europe with mid-single-digit growth in addition to high-teens growth in China. In the U.S., ASP declined low single digits as growth in capital placements from improved sales execution and funnel management partially offset the weakness in consumables revenue. ASP's service business continues to perform well with the ongoing deployment of FBS tools helping to drive service sales and optimize service delivery processes. With additional [ day 2 ] closings in Q4 and early 2021, approximately 99% of ASP's global revenue is now fully under our control and off of transition service agreements. 
Censis grew by high single digits in the quarter. Site access at hospitals improved early in the quarter, only to then reverse as the quarter progressed. Censis top line performance was led by its SaaS-based CensiTrac offering, which grew low double digits driven by a combination of new customer acquisitions and successful upselling of existing customers. This growth was partially offset by a high single-digit decline in professional services revenue tied directly to the ongoing challenges with customer site access. 
Fluke Health Solutions generated mid single-digit growth in Q4. FHS grew slightly in North America against a challenging comparison. This growth was led by strong performance across both Fluke biomed and the Landauer radiation monitoring business. FHS continues to see good initial momentum across the 2 software platforms introduced over the past 12 months. OneQA, which enhances workflow efficiency and test automation for biomedical customers; and OPTIMIZE, which provides tracking and optimization of radiation dose management for radiology departments, both platforms reflect FHS' focus on bringing forward software and AI-enabled revenue models to build on its strong existing recurring revenue base. 
Invetech had another strong quarter with greater than 50% growth. The company saw significant sales and order momentum throughout the year, including a strong finish in December. This growth was led by Invetech's design and engineering offering, which more than doubled on a year-over-year basis in Q4. The company saw strong growth in the diagnostics market driven by near-term projects to develop rapid testing capabilities for COVID-19 as well as strong demand from the cell therapy market tied to the production of next-generation therapeutics. 
On Slide 11, we highlight the progress made in 2020 with respect to our corporate social responsibility efforts, which is one of our key strategic initiatives. Throughout the year, we enhanced the rigor and integrity of our data collection by transitioning our EH&S sustainability and risk assessment processes to the Intelex platform. Our enhanced data analytics improve insights to accelerate our sustainability efforts and give greater transparency to key stakeholders. To support inclusion and diversity, our Employee & Friends Resource Group focused on improving employee connections across the organization while utilizing FBS to enhance their impact. 
We also expanded our commitment to the CEO in Action (sic) [ CEO Action ] pledge by participating in a 2021 racial equity fellowship aimed at promoting corporate best practices to address systemic racism and social injustice. We are using FBS tools to develop standard work for greenhouse gas accounting and reporting and scaling energy kaizen efforts more broadly across the portfolio. This has resulted in making substantial progress towards our greenhouse gas reduction goals, which we expect to achieve ahead of schedule. 
Finally, Fortive employees around the world continue to support our local communities through our efforts in our annual Day of Caring with over 35,000 hours of service in 60 worldwide communities. We are living our values to achieve our CRS -- CSR goals, and we're excited to continue driving progress in the years ahead. 
Turning to guidance on Slide 12. We're instituting formal earnings guidance for the full year and the first quarter of 2021. For the full year, we expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be $2.40 to $2.55, representing year-over-year growth of 15% to 22% on a continuing operations basis. The annual guidance assumes core revenue growth of 4% to 7%, and an adjusted operating profit margin of 22% to 23% and an effective tax rate of approximately 14%. We also expect free cash conversion to be approximately 105% of adjusted net income. We are also initiating our first quarter adjusted diluted net earnings per share guidance of $0.56 to $0.60, representing year-over-year growth of 22% to 30%. This includes assumptions of 5% to 8% core revenue growth and adjusted operating profit margin of 21.5% to 22.5% and an effective tax rate of 14%. We also expect free cash conversion to be approximately 75% of adjusted net income. 
Before we wrap up, I'd like to thank the Fortive team for their efforts in 2020. I'm tremendously proud of how our team rose to meet the many challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. With a focus on keeping our employees safe, helping frontline workers combat the virus and continuing to provide our customers with our essential technologies. Despite these challenges, we made substantial progress across a range of strategic imperatives over the course of the year. 
The focus and dedication of our team around the world enabled us to significantly transform the portfolio while transitioning to a work-from-home environment and ensuring continued execution across the portfolio to deliver strong margin performance and consistent free cash flow growth. As a result of that hard work and the significant progress it enabled, we're in a strong position as we turn our focus to 2021 while navigating some of the continued challenges in the near term. 
With a portfolio comprised of leading businesses that are well positioned in attractive markets, considerable opportunity to accelerate our growth through continued investments in organic innovation and acquisitions and the support of a strong culture rooted in the Fortive Business System, we're very excited about the road ahead. 
With that, I'd like to turn it back to Griffin.

Yes. It's interesting because we don't really talk about Invetech now that it's in a smaller segment. Obviously, a little bit more material, but I think the more important thing is, given the strength of the business and the work they did, a little bit of an opportunity to talk about the good work they're doing. That business that we were talking about in the prepared remarks, Nigel, is really focused on really design and engineering resources for diagnostic companies as an example. So just think of it as outsourced engineering capability and, as we said in the prepared remarks, a number of opportunities around testing companies that were looking at COVID-19 and also, maybe more broadly and more longer-term, in cell therapeutics. So a number of opportunities. 
The business is a little bit lumpy because of the nature of the business model. We're working to change that over time. The leadership team has done a nice job of that, but I think, first and foremost, they've done a nice job of growing the business. They were up -- I think, for the year, up over 20%. So a good -- roughly, think of it as an under-$100 million business, so that kind of number. 
Relative to ASP, I think your question was around AHS and the growth rate at AHS if I had it right. But I'll talk about AHS and ASP in terms of the growth rate. We certainly have good growth. If we were to think about the guide we've got out there, AHS will probably be one of our better growers. They'll run into a couple of comp issues at FHS, an example in Invetech in the second half. But I think if we were to look on a 2-year stack basis, you would see progressively better growth through the year at AHS, and that's on the backs of, really, ASP continuing to be good. 
There is an assumption there that we get vaccinated here, that hospitals get elective procedures back on track by the second half. I think that's a comfortable assumption at this point.

Yes, sure. So you really got -- you got to a couple of pieces there. You got Sensing business and Tek are the 2 big pieces there, Julian. I think #1 is, if you look on a 2-year stack, we'd see the business continuing to do pretty well. So some of it has a little bit just to do with the comps. The growth rates will look a little bit lower in the second half, but fundamentally, if we look over a 2-year period, we'll see those business kind of continue. I don't think we have a plan for it to jump, though, either. So I think -- right now, I think, with the visibility, particularly on the sensing side, we're probably a little bit more prudent just to dial in what we think will happen without any extensive situation. 
So as I mentioned before on the question, as we look at the guide, we see AHS probably being -- if we think about it on a 2-year stack basis, AHS probably being better -- IOS being better and then PT being maybe a little bit less than other 2. So I think that's the right way to be. But again, strength of the business, and we'll see how the remaining part of the year plays out relative to some of the economic situations that we obviously were tracking.

Well, I certainly think it's reasonable. We wouldn't have put an unreasonable guide out there. And I think it's based on a couple of things: #1 is, I would say -- again, this is where the -- a lot going on in 2020, as you mentioned, region -- different regional comps and things like that. But I think as we looked at on a 2-year stack, we continue to improve sequentially through the year without any unreasonable need for the economy to come back. 
But on the same token, we're still in a level of uncertainty here. We're still at -- we really don't know the exact date at which COVID will open up offices and get customers back up and fully running. So I think when we look at it, continuing to get better through the year, we make a bunch of our own luck like we did in 2020 where, as you know, we were basically over 1% overall in the year. So I think we'll continue to make our own luck. And if things play out a little bit better economically, then certainly, fundamentally, you'd probably see a bigger number. But I think for now, with the level of uncertainty out there and the trajectory that we ended on, I think this is a strong guide.

Yes. Great question. Very timely, obviously. We're -- I think we've been very busy in the last 6 months, if I were to characterize our efforts. We certainly, I think, continue to believe in the strength of our funnels. We've been active and looked at some things that, quite frankly, we feel very disciplined and responsible relative to the environment. 
But I -- so I think the real question is, are there opportunities out there for us? And we think that we definitely think there are. We think there are great businesses that can become part of Fortive. We are active in the cultivation despite the virtual nature of that. As you may have noted, we hired a new VP of Strategy that we announced on Monday. So we're resourcing our capability. There's hardware and software opportunities. 
So I think the breadth of opportunities out there -- but you have to -- you're right. We have to be selective. We have to understand our markets. We have to be able to be in a position to understand to be where we can win and not have to pay unreasonable prices. And quite frankly, we've seen some things transacted, things we wouldn't do. But fundamentally, I think if we think over the next 12 to 18 months, while M&A is unpredictable, I feel pretty confident we could put some cash to work that will bring in great businesses for Fortive.

And Rick, I would just add on the margin front. One of the things that's really important and maybe gets missed, isn't seen is, as we continue to add innovation and technology capability into the software businesses, part of that move to SaaS is a move of less services, and we're able to do installations at a lower cost. So if you look over the long term, the margin profile on the software businesses, we get real leverage through the technology [ we work ]. And that's not just something you'll necessarily maybe see in 2021. You'll see it in some of the businesses. But I think over a long period of time -- IOS is obviously an incredibly profitable segment, but the opportunity there to continue to do the work, apply FBS into our services business to make our applications easier for customers to install fundamentally is a big margin opportunity as well.

Well, we had a very good year in price as we noted on the call or in the prepared remarks. I think we had a good fourth quarter. We had a good year on price. We expect to have another good year on price. So I would say, first and foremost, we're probably -- for sure, probably close to 100 basis points. 
We do not have a lot of -- one of the things about the sort of inflation is -- maybe something just to level set. Now with 40% recurring revenue in the portfolio and most of that being software or very little material costs, we now have a big portion of our revenue profile that really isn't -- doesn't have supply chain cost inflation pressure. So the portfolio has really shifted in that regard. So while we see some of the supply chain stuff, maybe a little bit on the freight side, but I think fundamentally, we've done a great job over the years of really pushing on that and then while, at the same time, really looking for the price opportunities for what we call price realization from an FBS perspective through a combination of innovation and better commercial practices. So on the back of a very good 2020, we expect to have another good year in '21.

Yes, Jeff. No, it was not. I think, as you know, we do a good job where we have our principal channel businesses, being Fluke and Tek. We had good sales [ going ] in most regions of the world. We get good inventory levels. No precipitous change really on the inventory side. Inventories have been low and really nothing from a macro perspective that would suggest we've seen any inventory build of any magnitude. Some of the China dynamic is on the point of sale side versus the revenue side. 
There is a little bit -- you typically see a little bit of a difference in China in the fourth quarter as people sort of get prepared for the Chinese New Year, and so it isn't unusual for us to outgain a few basis points a point of sale in the fourth quarter. That's not an unusual situation. But I think as we look at where we're at right now, as we sit, sort of the end of January, we're in pretty good shape relative -- on a global basis relative to channel inventory.

Yes. So we had really strong margin performance at ASP, but it was offset by -- as I mentioned, Invetech grew 50% in the quarter, and they're a lower-margin business. As I mentioned, the design and engineering part of that is more of a people business so it doesn't have the same margin profile. So it's really a mix issue. If we really look at kind of the core ongoing margin profile of the business, which is made up of mostly ASP and Fluke Health, we are in very good shape in the fourth quarter, and we're going to exit well, as Chuck mentioned, some of the TSA falloff plus a lot of the good integration work we've done at ASP. We'll have a good 2021 in AHS. But a 50% growth rate in one quarter in a business does tend to mix it down a little bit.

Yes, we can.

Well, I think a couple of things. We had filled the seat internally for a while, and we decided that, I think as we continue -- Scott, I sort of think of it this way, and we have a 10-year plan. We just updated the Board over the next 5 years. We've got a lot of skills around the things we've done over the last 5 years, but as we think forward, having somebody with Read's resume, who understands software, who understands the continuous improvement tools of software as well as private equity, that's a combination of skills, quite frankly, that is really a great opportunity. And from time to time, we're going to look outside to supplement and complement the great team we have, and this was a very unique situation where we have an opportunity to do that.

Well, I would say -- Chuck can talk about the CapEx side. I think in general, the answer is, yes, we're -- I mean our R&D spend has gone up a little bit as we've -- as we come -- have more software businesses, which tend to have a little bit more R&D. We're investing a lot more into The Fort. 
We actually invested a lot last year, but we're doubling down in that -- in our data analytics and machine learning, as we noted in the commentary. We talked about the ehsAI acquisition, which is really an acqui-hire, very little revenue but really just a really smart group of data scientists who can help accelerate our EH&S work. So I think those are good -- that's a situation where we're really just hiring a big R&D team and a great capability and leadership. So I think those -- a number of those investments -- we talked about our Pioneers Square Labs. We've doubled down in that. So yes, there's a number of places where we are playing offense. 
You saw some of that -- you heard some of that in the fourth quarter, right, some of the hardware, sonic imager, the [ scopes of Tek ], but also things like -- at Accruent, we had -- we launched our latest analytics product with Maintenance Connection at Accruent. So a number of places where we're in playing offense, and we feel pretty good about how we can drive that in 2021, as you said, as we start to see sort of COVID start to slow down here, hopefully.

Well, yes, we -- I mean we definitely think the businesses are going to get better in '21. We saw a couple of good evidence points in Q4. I mentioned the SaaS growth of double digits. That was a good sign. We won twice as many logos in Q4 as we did in Q3, so I think those are really good signs for how we enter the year. 
We do need customer access to do some things, but we do have some wonderful opportunities, as you mentioned. We talked about the EMS space planning win. We're thinking -- we have a number of applications that we'll be launching around employee experience. So a number -- as companies start to think about bringing teams back to the office for periods of time. So I think we've got a number of things that will help us make our own luck, but we do need to see some of that office access. So I think you'll see the business progressively get better through the year. 
On Gordian, Gordian has been in great shape. They were growing double-digit before COVID, really been a really strong performer for us. We have some visibility into how things are changing at this point, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks around job order contracting. We start to see the projects get loaded even though they might not be purchasing through the system yet. So that's starting to improve. I suspect we see that improve, and as state and local budgets start to get approved into the second half of the year, we would expect to see things continuing. We know hire -- if you think about the second half of the year, it's logical to think that state and local offices are going to start to want to bring people back, and they're going to need -- they're going to need to change the workplace. 
And that's -- we're not about new buildings. We're about changing the buildings you have, changing the structures you have. And that -- I think a number of those things are going to start to characterize themselves as we get further into the year. So I think that's the visibility we have, and we feel good about the work the teams -- our teams are doing to put them in place for success.

Yes. It's pretty much with OEM -- we call it semiconductor, but it's mostly semiconductor equipment manufacturers. And that business has turned pretty well. So we still -- we think it's good for at least another quarter or 2. So right now, that's about the visibility we have. So I think that's probably where we stand right now. You didn't ask it, but we saw good growth at Keithley on the semiconductor side as well in Tektronix. I think some of that was pent-up demand that we saw, but it would be logical to think that if supply chain issues occur and some more money may get spent there, that would be some benefit. But we haven't dialed that into our forecast at this point.

Well, I think, first of all, we had about $2 million worth of Huawei in there. So I think, first, if you step back, the -- we call that out because it's an impact to Tektronix in China, but in the big scheme of things relative to Fortive, these aren't big impacts. I think the last of the Huawei impact, as an example, is a couple of million dollars to Tek in the quarter. We do have some additional restrictions around military end use that we're seeing but -- again, maybe a little bit of a headwind for Tek but not a major issue for the rest of the company, not impactful relative to the overall Fortive. 
But in terms of transparency and to give you color on what we're seeing, the good news, as we said in the prepared remarks, is we continue to see point of sale in a good place, and we also saw good demand among medium -- small and medium customers. So Chuck and I did China reviews a couple of weeks ago, and we're really pleased with the work the China team -- the Tek China team has done to extend themselves more with digital. And they're just doing a great job of really doing -- expanding into new customer sets, which I think is going to bode well for us in the future.

So I'm thinking here. Our SaaS growth in the year was probably close to high single digits, probably, maybe -- yes. So I think that's probably right. I don't have an ARR number for the year. So we can get back to you on that. I think what we saw relative to overall software was probably a little down because of the -- in the low- to mid-single digits, if we were to look through the year, just based on the soft -- the services issues. 
In terms of performance, Censis and Intelex led the way in terms of growth. They grew through the year as well as eMaint. So we have good growth in those places. The places where we saw maybe a little bit greater impact relative to some of the services was at Gordian and Accruent. So hopefully, that gives you a little color, and we can get back to you on the overall ARR number.

Yes, for sure. I think when you look at the situation of what educational -- this is mostly higher education, by the way, higher education and state and local buildings, inevitably, when they bring people back to the office, they're fundamentally going to have to change with social distancing and make changes to the facilities. And fundamentally, that's the core part of what we see in Gordian. So in that case -- and then from a facilities management space planning, that's also in the wheelhouse of Accruent. So we should see those things come back for sure. Again, don't -- can't pick a particular date, but I think if I were to make a bet, it's going to get better through every quarter of the year.

This is a -- it's a very temporary -- or I think it's a temporary situation. So by nature of that, we'll probably see a catch-up, whether that's a catch-up in the year and if people -- there's also -- part of this is people reevaluating budgets a little bit. So we sort of classify all of that as a delay, but I think we're practical in the sense that maybe some of that is customers reassessing how many seats they want, how many licenses they want on the licensed software side, but we've seen a little bit of that compression. So I would expect there'll be a little bit of that, but to the broader question, Deane, I would expect there will be a catch-up at some point in the year maybe as things get back, what I would call back to normal.

Yes. It's a global number. It's probably -- it's not at 100% yet in China as we think about the fourth quarter, but it's moving up. I would say part of our China growth as well was equipment. We've been doing well on the equipment side. So I think as we look across -- and quite frankly, across the board, maybe stepping back, at ASP, we did an excellent job in equipment sales in the year. We're going to start with a bigger installed base than we did a year ago. And obviously, that bodes well for when consumables come back. 
So to your specific question, it was a combination of -- it was also a big improvement in services. One of the things that we've really been doing, Deane, in China was that, when we first bought the business, we were lucky that this was a business that we took control of early. One of the things we noticed was that the service revenue was a lower percentage of our sales in China than it was anywhere else in the world. So we applied a number of FBS tools, including policy deployment, to make service revenue a big push for us in the business. And we really, really increased the percent -- the stickiness or the connection rate with our equipment and increased service contracts with current customers. So the growth was very much a story of not only electives coming back but also equipment, and the big story was service.

I think we're incredibly [ glad ] right now to be in an area where all 3 segments, I think, have incredible opportunities. I mentioned the $30-plus billion [ worth of served ] market. We've just completed our next 5-year -- or our update to our 10-year plan that we did 5 years ago with the Board, and we feel very excited. And really, I think I would say -- if I were a betting person, I would say most of our capital deployed in the current segments is probably the winning bet. We have a lot of opportunity. We see the breadth and depth within both hardware, software and services, within all 3. So I think when I really think about -- I'd never say never because you never know when an opportunity becomes available, but I think the focus -- we're blessed with the focus that we have, and I think we're going to take advantage of that as we move forward.

Well, I don't know if I could put a revenue number to it. But if I think about us being -- maybe the easy thing to do would be to say, if we were down 6% core in the year, and we should be -- this portfolio can grow mid-single digits, you can apply that number to our total portfolio and say, over a 12- to 24-month period, you'd think that, that would come back over time. That's a big number, but I would expect that some of it is that. So I think that's first and foremost. I'll let Chuck talk about some of the costs coming back.
But I think maybe the point too is there's also -- COVID has been a challenge for the year for all of us, everybody on this call, but it's also created a number of opportunities. We -- particularly in our -- whether it's the focus more on EH&S at every company in the world, and we have an outstanding portfolio of EH&S businesses. And now the continued increase and people wanting to focus on sustainability or the facilities management challenges that come with bring people back to the office and to manufacturing sites and the importance of data as it relates to workers and those things, all of those speak to all the solutions that we've made part of Fortive over the last 4 years. So I think we also have to think about when we get into what I'll call a normal environment, that fundamentally, there's going to be tremendous opportunity for us to harness around a number of these new challenges that we're all going to have to deal with as business leaders, and we have the solutions to ultimately deal with -- help them deal with those challenges. 
So I think -- and that doesn't even talk about the sterilization and infection control challenges that hospitals are thinking about as well and the solutions we have on the EH&S side. So I think when you add that in, you'll come up with some pretty big numbers of opportunity.

Well, I think -- this has been -- I mean we don't talk a lot about it, but to have net retention over 100% when customers are reevaluating things and looking for cost reductions, I think, is an outstanding effort on the part of our commercial teams. We have -- so we've seen -- we've not seen customer churn, but we may have seen maybe people wanting to reduce their spend or something like that. But we've been able to maintain a lot of that, keep that net retention number over 100%, and I think that's -- we have a number of FBS tools that are -- and quite frankly, data analytics solutions that we apply to those types of things to predict what are the characteristics of a customer that might potentially churn. So I think, John, we've done good work to mitigate some of that. 
I think, in a normal year, you'd think that our net retention might be a little -- would be higher than that number. So I think that's a little bit of a little bit less upselling and maybe, in this environment, maybe a slight little bit of churn. It depends on the business. Several of our businesses have actually decreased churn, Accruent as an example. So I think that's the environment we come into this year. And from here, I think we're definitely through the toughest days in that regard.

It's continued -- it's the volume coming back. So I think that's first and foremost. We see a business like Fluke coming back. That's the high-margin business. You saw 280 basis points of core OMX at IOS. It's the strength of the SaaS growth in the software businesses, but it was across the board. So IOS certainly led the pack, as you know, on a quarterly basis. There's always one segment that leads the pack a little bit more than the others. But I think what we saw was the breadth of OMX. And I think, as we sit here looking into 2021, the 50 basis points that we grew OMX despite all the issues in 2020, gives us tremendous confidence that we can continue to do that in '21.

Well, thanks, everyone, for today. We appreciate your time. We went a little over, but we knew we had a few -- a little bit longer prepared remarks. So glad we could get to everyone. Thanks so much for your support this year in 2020 and certainly into '21. We're all hoping you're safe and healthy and look forward to hopefully seeing everybody in person sometime this year. 
Until then, we'll take all your questions by phone and virtually. We look forward to seeing you there, and have a great day. And obviously, Griffin and team are available for questions. Thanks, everyone. Have a great night.