Thanks, Elena. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered solid performance in the fourth quarter, closing out a very strong year as we focused on delivering for customers in an ongoing challenging environment. While we saw sequential growth and margin expansion across the portfolio, revenue in the quarter finished roughly $50 million below expectations as continuing supply chain constraints and the impact from the Omicron surge hindered our ability to deliver on our robust orders and backlog.  
Our businesses performed well despite these challenges, generating 190 basis points of core margin expansion and 13% adjusted earnings growth in the quarter. Our tax rate was flat on a year-on-year basis at 9%, however, lower than our expectations coming into the quarter. Free cash flow and conversion were lighter than expected as we invested in inventory to support customer demand and saw lower customer receipts at year-end.  
For the year, we delivered core revenue growth of 9.5% and expanded adjusted operating margins by 210 basis points, driving 32% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings. Strong demand for software-enabled workflows yielded double-digit software growth in 2021 and the fourth quarter. These results are a testament to the higher growth, more resilient, higher-margin portfolio that we have constructed through organic innovation and strategic M&A. With this portfolio and our team's disciplined and rigorous application of the Fortive Business System, we are well positioned to deliver long-term sustainable value creation for all of our stakeholders.  
As you can see on Slide 4, all of our segments contributed to our solid fourth quarter results, including over 100 basis points core operating margin expansion in each. Supply chain constraints within both our supplier and logistics networks as well as COVID-related challenges suppressed core growth across a number of our businesses.  
Looking at the segments in more detail. Intelligent Operating Solutions posted total revenue growth of 6.4% in the fourth quarter, with core up 0.8%. This included low single-digit growth in North America and high teens in China, partially offset by high single-digit decline in Western Europe.  
Starting with Fluke, core revenue declined slightly as continued end market demand and order growth across its product portfolio were more than offset by supplier and logistics network challenges, constraining revenue in the fourth quarter. Fluke Digital Systems performed well with 20%-plus growth supported by strong demand for its eMaint SaaS offering and capped the year with greater than 30% growth in ARR bookings in Q4. Fluke also continued to see momentum within its product innovation pipeline. They introduced a new market-leading power quality platform, the 1770 Series power quality analyzer, and we're seeing continued strength in their acoustic imaging product line. Orders were up high single digits in the fourth quarter, up 20% for the year, contributing to significant backlog growth in 2021. The team remains highly focused on improving supply management, logistics and factory throughput to deliver on the backlog in the year ahead.  
In EHS, Industrial Scientific revenue increased mid-single digits, led by the continued recovery of its rental business and improved net retention for its iNet offering. Intelex grew by mid-teens with the fourth quarter representing the strongest net dollar retention we've seen in the past 2 years. Strong customer service execution reduced churn and the application of funnel management tools helped deliver a record year for customer upselling. In addition, Intelex and ISC continue to see success with their award-winning Hazard IQ solution connecting real-time field data with EHS management software from Intelex.  
As anticipated, Accruent declined mid-single digit although was up sequentially despite less billing days in the fourth quarter. On a same-days basis, their SaaS sales would have been up mid-single digit. Accruent continued to capitalize on strong demand for its EMS product line due to continued momentum and return to workplace solutions, with bookings up greater than 20% for the quarter and almost 50% for the full year. Accruent also posted its second highest quarter on record for SaaS bookings and drove another quarter of improvement in net dollar retention as it continues to deploy FBS tools to deliver on a higher on-time renewal rate across its growing SaaS customer base. We expect to see this result in higher growth in Accruent in 2022.  
Gordian increased mid-single digit, driven by another strong quarter in procurement. Gordian also secured some notable wins in the fourth quarter, including the capture of 2 new state and local education customers, Clark County in Nevada and the Dallas Independent School District. Both are expected to begin generating revenue in the second half of 2022.  
ServiceChannel is off to a good start, following its acquisition in August. Revenue grew substantially in the fourth quarter with SaaS increasing low double digits and SaaS bookings more than doubling on a year-on-year basis. ServiceChannel is successfully expanding its new logo pipeline with some notable wins in the fourth quarter, including a leading health and beauty retailer in the U.K. and is leveraging FBS tools and implementing lean portfolio management to position the company for additional innovation and growth.  
Moving to the middle of Slide 4. The Precision Technologies segment posted a total revenue increase of 2.1% with core growth of 2.6%. This included mid-teens growth in China while Western Europe was up slightly, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in North America. Tektronix grew low single digits despite strong customer demand, driving double-digit order growth across those major regions, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.2 in the fourth quarter. Orders for mainstream scopes and momentum in new product introductions are driving backlog levels to all-time highs as customers continue to invest in new capabilities across a range of end markets. Tek continues to benefit from FBS, which helped to reduce supply chain risk and improve price realization across the business.  
Sensing Technologies increased high single digits in the fourth quarter, with good growth in its industrial semiconductor, HVAC and medical end markets despite continued supply chain challenges. Similarly, Pacific Scientific EMC brought further backlog in the quarter as supply chain constraints persisted. PacSci continued to see strong bookings growth in its core markets, including aircraft and space, while revenues declined mid-teens, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.13 for the year.  
Moving to Advanced Healthcare Solutions on the right side of Slide 4. Total revenue increased 1.5% despite a core revenue decline of 0.8%. This included high single-digit growth in China, flat performance in North America and a mid-20% decline in Western Europe. Starting with ASP. Revenue declined low single digit in the fourth quarter. While we have grown the installed base, consumables continue to be impacted by lower elective procedure rates, especially as the Omicron variant surge in the U.S. in December, adding to existing skilled staffing shortages at hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers. These challenges primarily impacted revenue in the U.S. while our high-growth regions grew double digits. We are also pleased with the continued evolution of FBS with significant progress in operating margin expansion in the business.  
Censis revenues increased mid-single digits, highlighted by another quarter of strong growth in its core CensiTrac SaaS offering, which increased in the low 20% range. As in prior quarters, CensiTrac continued to see good momentum, adding new customers and saw improved upselling and cross-selling to existing customers. Fluke Health Solutions increased mid-single digits as revenue and margins benefited from growth investments made throughout the year, driving strong double-digit growth in its biomedical test equipment business. And Invetech declined low single digit as it lapped a tough prior year comparison that included strong COVID-related revenues in 2020.  
Our strong margin performance in 2021 is just one example of how FBS continues to be an important differentiator for Fortive. As shown on Slide 5, FBS is enabling our businesses to improve operations in our plants, tackle mounting supply chain and inflation headwinds, drive innovation and profitable growth across the portfolio and build skills and capabilities in our leaders to effectively drive sustainable business.  
Examples in the quarter include the reduction in supply chain risk at Fluke, ISC, CensiTrac and Tektronix through significant use of Obeya and daily management to manage the complexity and uncertainty associated with part shortages. ASP significantly reduced freight expense by over 100 basis points of revenue, contributing to their margin expansion in the quarter. Through the deployment of lean portfolio management, our newest FBS innovation tool, Tektronix overdrove revenue achievement on recent new products, including the just launched next generation of its 5 Series MSO offering.  
We are also making meaningful improvements in net dollar retention in our software businesses, allowing us to deliver more profitable and accelerated growth in EMA, which finished the year at 108% net dollar retention while Accruent also increased monthly on-time renewal rate over 15 points from the beginning of the year.  
Despite COVID, we have continued to support all of our leadership development in kaizen activities. As a result of the rigorous application and dedication by our teams, we're continuing to benefit from our culture of continuous improvement.  
Turning to Slide 6. We made significant progress executing our M&A strategy in 2021 as we continue to evolve our portfolio to serve higher growth markets with attractive long-term secular drivers. Both ServiceChannel and our IOS segment and Provation in AHS are acquisitions that significantly accelerate our strategy to deliver a broader offering of software-enabled solutions to address our customers' critical workflow productivity needs.  
These acquisitions build upon established market positions and customer relationships, adding well-positioned best-of-breed SaaS platforms, combined, greater than $200 million of high-growth software revenue with high incremental margins. Through ServiceChannel's proprietary data assets and networks, we see significant upsell and cross-sell opportunities across our facilities and asset life cycle management businesses. And with Provation, we are strengthening our presence in hospitals and ASCs with expanded software and data opportunities, leveraging leading positions in GI to capture multi-specialty expansion opportunities. Together, we expect these businesses to generate more than $0.12 of earnings accretion in 2022 and will enhance our growth and free cash flow profile going forward.  
I'm also incredibly proud of the work we've done in 2021 to continue our progress towards building a more sustainable future. As you can see on Slide 7, it starts with our shared purpose and our values, which have been translated into aspirational and actionable targets across each of our sustainability pillars. Leading forward to today is a diverse Board and leadership team with recent hires advancing our commitment to top talent and diversity. We recently ran our Day of Caring for the fifth time since the company became public. And in that time, our employees have dedicated over 400,000 hours of employee volunteer time to help more than 300 communities in 30 countries across the world.  
We are well on our way to achieving our carbon emission reduction targets and recently completed our TCFD reporting GAAP analysis to strengthen our governance and management of climate change-related risks and opportunities. We are actively engaged in responsible sourcing initiatives, and we take seriously the need to understand both the labor and the human rights practices across our supply chain.  
In 2021, we became a signatory to the UN Global Compact, further embedding our commitment to a sustainable future in our company's strategy, culture and daily operations. And we were also named one of America's Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek for the third consecutive year. It's our shared purpose that also pushes us to create innovative and sustainable products and services for our customers trying to solve some of the world's biggest sustainability challenges. We look forward to continuing to make progress on our sustainability journey in the years to come. With that, I'll pass it over to Chuck, who will provide more color on our fourth quarter financials, our free cash flow and our first quarter and full year 2022 guidance.

Thanks, Chuck. As many of you know, Fortive celebrated its fifth anniversary as a public company in 2021. And as you can see on Slide 13, we continue to validate the investment thesis that we have pursued since 2016. Our through-cycle core growth has doubled from low single digit to mid-single digit as we have more than doubled our base of recurring revenue and meaningfully added higher-growth, higher-margin software businesses to our portfolio. Our gross and operating margins have increased as well. We've improved gross margins over 800 basis points. And back in 2016, we started off talking about 30 basis points to 50 basis points per year operating profit margin expansion. Now we're talking about 75 basis points on average per year through the cycle. As a result, earnings and free cash flow is also up meaningfully over this time. We are on track to a 20% free cash flow margin in 2022, up from approximately 18% in 2021, further differentiating Fortive.  
Wrapping up on Slide 14, and before we move to questions, I'd like to thank our team members for their exceptional commitment to our shared purpose and core values, which underpin everything we do and how we do it. Extraordinary teams delivering extraordinary results again in 2021, even in the face of unprecedented supply chain constraints and prolonged COVID headwinds, our teams remain focused and committed to delivering for our customers, each other and our shareholders, delivering financial results well ahead of our initial expectations coming into the year.  
While each of our businesses continues to evolve and improve across key metrics, we know there is more to do. As such, we expect another year of differentiated growth and profitability in 2022, taking us one step closer to delivering on the multiyear targets set back at our May 2021 investor conference. Finally, we know you have a choice and we want you to be with us for the long term. We're confident the work we do to create long-term sustainable competitive advantages for our operating companies and our strategic segments yields best-in-class sustainable returns for Fortive for a long time to come. With that, I'll turn it back to Elena.

First of all, I think when we look at the full year, as you said, we see some improvement through the year at Fluke and Tek. We had a very good fourth quarter in Sensing. So I think the supply chain constraints have been in Sensing but we have good confidence there. I think when you look at the backlog situation at Fluke and Tek, as you pointed out, very strong. Record backlog in both businesses as we start the year. 
And quite frankly, we don't anticipate any backlog reduction in the first half and really minimal backlog reduction in the full year. So we see the demand side of this from an order perspective, we talked about that in the prepared remarks, as an example, Fluke up 20% in orders for 2021. So I think we definitely -- and we're seeing the drivers that we've talked about, some of those secular drivers continuing to play out. So whether it's the strength in innovation, whether it's some of the things that we've been doing in particular markets to differentiate the business, we see the demand front is still very good in the first half.  
So certainly, there'll be maybe a little bit of a slower growth rate from 2021 from an orders perspective. We still see the demand environment very good to deliver the year. And quite frankly, we think we'll go into '23 very strong as well.

Yes. Thanks. First of all, I think when we look at the fourth quarter, it's really indicative of our strategy playing out. When you think about one of the things we said from the onset is that we could take those high-growth markets and really regions around -- outside of the United States. And as we brought them into a more focused business, we would deliver success. And you see that in the double-digit growth that we had outside of the United States in the quarter.  
We saw good mid-single-digit growth in capital around the world. And as we said, we've grown the installed base over the last few years. So we feel good about a share perspective because we see that on the equipment side. As you point out, a little bit tougher on the electives than we anticipated. That's been a tough thing to predict. We feel we're going into the year relatively -- maybe not conservative but appropriate in terms of looking at what happened in the fourth quarter, not anticipating that getting better through the year, even in Q1, maybe a little bit lower on the electives as we see Omicron.  
But I think as we stand today, we had great margin expansion at ASP and in health in the fourth and you'll see that in the first even as well. And we think the strategy is playing out very much. We've done a nice job on the gross margin and operating margin side at ASP. More broadly, I think we've positioned the segment well with the addition of Provation, certainly another a great add to the segment. So I think it's been appropriate relative to predicting ASP. And I think when you look at the core growth rate for the full year in '22, you see our strategy playing out more broadly. And you certainly see that as we accelerate growth through the year and, quite frankly, continue to deliver strong margin expansion.

Maybe just to add on to that. Maybe just add to that real quick is that we typically think of this as the Omicron variant and the new variants, it's also the combination. We said this in the prepared remarks that there are some specialty staffing challenges in the United States. And so we think it takes a little longer for that to bring -- to come back.  
But I think the strength of the momentum building on the installed base and as we said, the strength of really, quite frankly, the growth we've had outside the United States, those 2 combinations really showing our strategy play out. So yes, I think we've been a little bit more conservative on the elective side. But I think what we're seeing with the margin expansion and some of the things I just mentioned, certainly, the strategy playing out and creating momentum for the business through the year.

Yes. Andrew, I think number one, as we said, supply chain constraints, typically, I would think about it in 2 categories: one, from a supplier perspective, and the other around freight and logistics. So let's take the supplier side. You're certainly right. A number of our countermeasures that we had relative to the tariffs put us into some locations around the world and Asia that were hit harder by COVID. That's certainly been part of the challenge.  
The second part of it is, when we think about microcontrollers, when we think about ASICs, when we think about FPGAs, those are components, particularly on the ASIC side, where we've really designed around sole source differentiated technology, which has historically given us better margins and better differentiated technology from a product perspective. You see that mostly in the higher-end products at Fluke and at Tek. And that's why Sensing didn't have as big an impact relative to this because they tend to use more commercial off-the-shelf products.  
So we're getting those things changed where, as you said, the question of what we're doing, we're qualifying new suppliers, we're redesigning some platform architectures around the ability to source in different places. We're moving some -- we're moving supply base out of some maybe higher-risk COVID locations in the world. And all of those actions played out and will play out in the fourth -- in the first quarter. That's where you see the core growth getting a little bit better at both Fluke and Tek in the first quarter.  
And then it continues to improve through the year. So we're not anticipating necessarily a big shift in change relative to the supply side in the year. What we're really seeing is the benefit of our countermeasures building through the year. So that's how we think about it.  
On the freight side, it's clearly freight lane challenges from Asia to the U.S. And you see some of that in the growth rates in Asia, between Asia and the United States. Some of that has impacted by the fact that we just don't have to ship product as far when we're shipping product into Asia than we are into the U.S. So that's a broad, broad swath of the actions that we're taking. And it takes a little while to get some of those things all in place but we'll see that improvement. We're seeing that improvement now and we'll see it build throughout the year.

Yes. Total software growth was low double digits in Q4 and in the full year, so that certainly has the benefit of ServiceChannel. I think our core revenue growth was mid-single digit in the fourth. So good. And I think really what we saw that was really good was our ARR growth in the fourth quarter was high single digits.  
So I think we saw a good benefit from a number of our strategies playing out both core and certainly with the addition of ServiceChannel and Provation. That gets to the 2022 targets that we highlighted in the slide you're referencing. We'll see that growth be double digit in Q1. So we're really seeing, I think, good -- we saw some good benefits. It takes a little while on the SaaS side for that revenue to impact the full year. But as I said, we'll see it in the first quarter. Feel good about where we're at relative to the core businesses but also what we had in both ServiceChannel and certainly what we're seeing early days of Provation.

Yes, thanks. And Nigel, I think I said this on the third quarter call, but we think about -- when we think about inventory now, we also think about, given that we've got a substantial backlog, we're also going to look at what distributors have on order, so that we make sure we understand relative to true demand versus maybe inventory building on their side. And I think in that regard, we see good sales out and we don't see big inventory on hand or relative to the inventory build.  
So we're seeing a good demand environment relative to both Fluke and Tek. And I think it is somewhat impacted by the availability. So we would say, hey, it's probably even -- it could be even better if we were delivering at the on-time delivery rates that we typically do, which is in the high 90s. So I think in general, as I sort of said to Julian's question as well, we're seeing good demand on the demand front. And I think we're starting -- we're seeing that in some of our channel partners' external comments. So we feel good about the demand environment where we have distribution businesses on a global basis.  
Where we're delivering maybe a little bit better in Asia, we saw better sales out and we saw good sales in. So I think we feel confident about the level of activity that's going on with customers. We've got a lot of good innovation as we highlighted in the prepared remarks in the quarter, and we have really accelerated innovation in 2022 at both Fluke and Tek, which we also think will have a nice impact.

Yes, it was.

Yes. I think number one, we called it out, and I'm sure I probably answered that on the software numbers as well. We did have less days in the quarter. So where we have staff, we have a little bit of impact relative to less days. We think -- as we said in some of the guides, we think the combination of Accruent and Gordian, when you sort of think about that, we've moved some businesses between the 2 on a full year basis at low double digits. That's probably a little higher at Gordian.  
But we would see -- right now, we see Accruent in the mid- to high single digits for 2022. So we had good ARR growth in the fourth quarter. So the combination of the work we're doing, we'll still have some SaaS transition because in many cases, we're relying on new logos and that new logo growth can be a little bit more of a headwind than if we were converting a very large maintenance installed base to SaaS, like we are at Provation. So it's a combination of things that we're doing, new logo growth but -- at Accruent and also just continuing to invest in those high-growth opportunities. We talked about it in the prepared remarks, workspace planning as an example, our EMS product line, which grew 50% in the year.  
So it's a combination. That's not our biggest product line. But over time, at that growth rate, it inevitably takes over being a bigger part of the growth story, and we'll see that starting to play out in '22 and '23 at Accruent.

Yes. So I would say first -- and first, given the fact that I've kind of been on East Coast time for the better part of 20 years, this is a fine change, but we do listen. And Elena's been a great add for sure, and we're really excited to talk about the frame that we've got at a time zone that's easier for all of you. 
I think number one, we would think about that $50 million is about 70% supply chain. So think of the remaining piece of that as probably COVID-related, a chunk of that being electives being lower than we anticipated and some of that is just kind of some of our service businesses and things like that, that had a little bit of challenge in December of getting on site. 
So the 70% of supply chain, let's break that down a little bit. The majority of that is it's Fluke and Tektronix and a little bit at EMC. And I would say, Fluke and Tek, it really is about electronic components and some of the things I described on Andrew's question, very much around how -- a big portion of that is application-specific ICs. Those are technologies that are pretty much dedicated to what we do in our product lines. And the work we do, as I described before, is really the countermeasure to doing that. 
So it's -- so I won't go into more detail on that since we already did. But another part of that is what we saw at EMC, and the EMC thing is pretty specific to some specific supplier shortfalls as well as some customer challenges that I would also say that it has a little bit of -- you might have seen this in other governments. People have government contracts on the commercial side and on the military side, where customers have to come in to validate products before they get shipped. And we saw less activity at the end of the year, just given COVID. So that's a swath of it. But the biggest bucket, the highest bar is really the supply chain issues we described at Fluke and Tek.

Yes. I would say -- Deane, I would say almost no amount of that backlog is customer-driven from an inventory or buy ahead kind of standpoint. Maybe a little bit because we've been raising prices. So I'd say there's a little bit of backlog in what I would call price increase. But we limit the ability for customers to be able to do that in terms of weeks of supply. So there's some of it but not a lot. 
It really is on the demand side. It's certainly on the semiconductor side. We're seeing great growth at Keithley. But we're also seeing it more broadly in some of the products that we designate for maybe industrial markets, some of the power strategies we've talked about. We're seeing some of the new innovation on the 2 Series, some different probe categories, and we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the new 5 Series. We're seeing really good customer interest in those products. Hence, our book-to-bill was so strong. 
So I -- we really think the demand cycle for Tek is certainly going to be strong in '22. And quite frankly, as much as you can get early signs on this, we think strong in '23 as well, given those dynamics, some of what you described and also with the color I just provided.

Yes. We said -- I think we said we've had low single-digit compounded growth in installed base over the last several years. I think terminal sterilization capital is actually up mid-single digit in the year. So we've seen growth in installed base since we bought ASP, which is additional boxes in your terminology.

We don't anticipate the backlog at PacSci, quite frankly, Deane -- or sorry, Scott. We don't see it depleting at all this year. We have a really, really strong backlog at Pacific Scientific right now.

Yes. It's our new innovation tool. It's really a thing and historically, it's really from -- it really applies to both software and hardware. It's a new tool that we're deploying in every one of the businesses. And it really is sort of an accelerated product development. It's a set of tools that accelerates product development, manages the portfolio better in terms of how to look at early-stage innovation as opposed to maybe being maybe slight -- over the years, we've been maybe a little bit more focused on the next generation of things we do. 
I think it brings some new concepts around managing not only the things we've got to do in the next generation of things but also bringing on some new things that really drive full incremental growth base focused on new secular drivers. So built over time, we should see better returns on our R&D investment, and we should see accelerated core growth from those investments as well.

Not in the quarter. I think what's embedded in -- there could be some moving back and forth at this point right now. There's nothing dramatic that's anticipated, Jeff. I would say what we're seeing though is we are seeing those value -- I mean, we're getting great visibility into the value propositions of each of those businesses. And I think we have a better sense of selling strategy. And I think we're in a very good place. 
We may see some challenge between situations over time with customers, but nothing is anticipated from the size. And particularly, some of the growth drivers, particularly like about things like workspace management, no conflict whatsoever. That's really an independent strategy and product line that really resides at Accruent. So I think we've got some good levers to pull in the Accruent business. And obviously, the broader opportunity that we have with ServiceChannel around the things they do is really great. And I think with the combination of what we do at Gordian and Accruent and some of those overlap is only going to continue to help us build a better position and value proposition for customers.

Yes. I think -- I'll take it. Number one, on the Europe side, we really do have a comp issue in Invetech. Last year, Invetech had really dramatic growth in the fourth quarter and that was really a customer in Europe. So a little bit of a comp situation in Europe as it relates to what we typically see, Andy. When we think about the globe and just kind of going around the world, we had, as you said, very good high-growth market growth in the quarter. We had very strong China growth as we've had very strong China growth around the world all year. 
And we're really -- Chuck and I did a review with all of our high-growth markets the other day. And quite frankly, we're hitting that -- we're really firing on all cylinders relative to the work that the businesses are doing in China, so we would anticipate continued good growth in China for the year. We think that high-growth markets continue to be good. So I would say that plays out. 
We have a little bit of supply chain headwind outside of Asia simply because most of our supply base is in Asia for the businesses that have electronics. This is a hardware comment more than a software comment, obviously. But we do see some impact, both in Western Europe and in the U.S. simply because the logistics of getting components out of Asia and into the U.S. and into Europe to our -- in many cases, our factories, was a little slowed in the fourth quarter. That improves, I think, over time as some of these freight lanes get a little bit uncongested over time. 
So that gives you a broad swath. I would also say we'll see North America also improve. A little bit of that elective impact in North America, obviously, had to do with the fact that ASP was strong outside of the United States and really have that elective impact mostly in ASP. 
So bringing all that back, supply chain improvements really help us globally, particularly in the U.S. and Europe as we go forward here. And as I mentioned and relative to those, some of the activities that we're engaged in relative to improving the supply chain, they'll obviously impact what I would call our developed markets in U.S. and Europe, probably more predominantly than anywhere else.

Yes, John. We always say the funnel is pretty good and I would say that that's very true. We remain busy. The private market tends to lag a couple of quarters here from what you see in the public market. They go through all the cycles of denial and things like that. So I suspect we'll -- as we look at things and as we continue to be disciplined about what we look at, we will take that into account as we look at things, knowing that potentially it takes a little while for that to occur. 
And I would say we feel really good about the 2 deals we've done over the last few months with ServiceChannel and then Provation closing at the end of the year. So lots to do with those 2 businesses to really take and help those businesses continue to -- they're great businesses. And we've bought great businesses. We've got great opportunity there. So we're spending time on making sure they become -- they get a great start in Fortive. And we remain disciplined and we'll watch these private transactions. But I do think it will be a couple of quarters before those valuations start to see themselves hit in the private market.

Well, I think as I said, it's a bit of a -- there's lots of things going on. We have -- we have letters from suppliers very often and then they fall down on those. So we're going to make more of our own lock here as we go forward relative to redesigning, requalifying those kinds of things. And I anticipate with the strong backlog we have, what we've put in the guide is a level of confidence with the things we've got. 
But it is a little bit of hand-to-hand combat every day on what happens and people, where they stand on commitments. I think it's been well documented the capacity challenges and some of the challenges that exist within the semiconductor industry and more broadly, just the electronic component industry because it's not just semiconductor. So we'll continue to prevail. I think when you look at our maybe batting average on actions, it continues to improve through the year. And we expect it to continue as these countermeasures work. 
But certainly, as we think about things getting better, we don't have a belief that it dramatically gets better. What we really see is the benefit of the actions that we've been taking, a higher probability of those actions really taking place as we get through the year.

Yes. So thanks, everyone, for the time. Hopefully, this time works better for you. We -- and this process works well for your time frame. I know you're in an incredibly busy day and a busy time of the season. We appreciate the time and energy that you put into spending some time with us. Obviously, we're available for follow-up calls. 
I think what you see in the year, hopefully, you got a sense of certainly, there were a number of things and challenges in the fourth quarter. I come back to the 9.5% core growth we had for the year, the great margin expansion that we've had over a couple of years. And quite frankly, over a 2-year basis, the strong free cash flow that we continue to demonstrate. We walk into '22, a lot of our strategy playing out in terms of health care, a lot of our strategy playing out on software, as we described. And I think a lot of the actions we're taking to take advantage of the innovation that we put in some of our hardware businesses, particularly at Fluke and Tek and within Sensing. 
So we're incredibly fortunate to be in the position we're in. The world is not without its challenges. We certainly think we are well positioned to take advantage of those as we move through the year. We look forward to the continued follow-up and conversations with you. And hopefully, we'll get a chance to see you in person here sometime in the next few months. Thanks, and have a great day.