Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. Early in the third quarter, Fortive  celebrated its fifth anniversary as an independent public company. This quarter, we continue to demonstrate the success of the strategy we outlined in 2016 to enhance growth and margins across our businesses through the successful execution of the Fortive Business System, the acceleration of innovation and the impact of disciplined capital allocation.
Our third quarter results were highlighted by 32% growth in adjusted earnings per share. We continue to generate significant revenue momentum throughout the quarter, realizing 9.1% core revenue growth, an order growth of just over 20% against the backdrop of strong broad-based demand. Strong execution and application of FBS helped to generate 325 basis points of core operating margin expansion, along with very strong free cash flow despite widespread supply chain disruption. 
In the third quarter, our software businesses grew by low double digits, supported by strong demand and improving net dollar retention. In total, we now have almost $750 million of annualized software revenue across the portfolio with double-digit organic growth profile as well as a high share of recurring revenue and high operating margins. 
In August, we closed the acquisition of ServiceChannel, adding another differentiated high-growth software asset to our Intelligent Operating Solutions segment. The ServiceChannel acquisition significantly enhances our strategic position in the facility and asset life cycle market, extending our leading suite of offerings for facility owners and operators and providing a variety of potential avenues to deliver unique value-added solutions in combination with Gordian and Accruent. 
As you can see on Slide 4, across Fortive, we continue to invest in product development to drive organic growth and enhance our competitive position. Many of our investments in organic innovation are focused on enabling digital transformation across our customer base. This includes vertically tailored software offerings at Tektronix and Fluke Health, emerging IoT solutions in Sensing as well as early progress with new tools for improved workforce management at TeamSense. 
In addition, our investments in The Fort continue to drive data analytics and machine learning opportunities across all of our businesses. Our success in accelerating the pace of innovation across our portfolio is demonstrated by examples, such as the Fluke II900, a groundbreaking product, which was recently recognized as Test Measurement and Inspection, "Product of the Year," at the 2021 Electronics Industry Awards. 
We continue to build the strength of our talent base to accelerate progress across Fortive. This quarter, we announced a number of important additions and promotions to the senior leadership team, including the appointment of Olumide Soroye as President and CEO of Intelligent Operating Solutions; the promotion of Tami Newcombe, the President and CEO of Precision Technologies; and the promotions of Justin McElhattan and Bill Pollak to Group President roles within IOS. 
These moves highlight how we are building leadership capacity through a combination of internal development and external hires aimed at adding differentiated skill sets and experiences to our senior team. With Olumide and Tami as well as Pat Murphy, now leading Advanced Healthcare Solutions, we have significantly increased the depth of our leadership within all 3 of our segments.
Turning to a quick summary of the results in the quarter on Slide 5. We generated year-over-year total revenue growth of 12%, core growth of 9.1% and orders growth of just over 20%, with backlog increasing by 40% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was 22.8%, while adjusted earnings per share was $0.66, representing a year-over-year increase of 32%. 
The strong adjusted operating margin performance helped us to deliver $252 million of free cash flow, which represented 105% -- 106% in the third quarter, with core growth of 13.1%. This included low teens growth in North America, high-teens growth in Western Europe and mid-single-digit growth in China. 
Industrial Imaging business continues to perform well, paced by momentum from innovation across its acoustic imaging product line, which doubled year-over-year in the third quarter. Fluke Networks had a very strong quarter, driven by innovations such as its LinkIQ product line. Fluke's efforts to expand its recurring revenue base saw further progress in Q3, including strong performance across both of its service offerings and in eMaint, which generated high-teens growth in revenue and SaaS bookings for the quarter. 
The combination of robust order growth and supply chain constraints in Q3 led to strong backlog that we're carrying into the fourth quarter and 2022. Industrial Scientific revenue increased by mid-teens as its instruments and rental business continued their strong recoveries. The ISC team has done an excellent job using FBS tools to accelerate product redesign initiatives, which have helped alleviate component supply challenges and limit impact on delivery times to customers.
Intelex grew by mid-teens and posted another record revenue quarter. Intelex is seeing solid FBS driven improvements in its upsell process to support higher net dollar retention. Also in Q3, Intelex signed an exclusive partnership deal with Datamaran, which enables Intelex customers to manage their full life cycle of their ESG strategy, including materiality analysis and risk identification. 
Accruent grew by low single digits in the third quarter while seeing strong bookings greater than 20%. This booking strength was paced by continued demand for Accruent's Meridian engineering document management and maintenance connection CMMS offerings. Accruent also continues to see strong demand for its EMS event workspace and resource scheduling solution to support emerging hybrid office models as customers execute their return to work plans. 
Among the notable new customer wins for the EMS solution in Q3 were several leading global financial services providers. Accruent also continued to see improved performance in its professional services business, which generated low double-digit growth. 
Gordian increased by mid-teens, with strong growth in procurement and in estimating. In the third quarter, Gordian continued to see increasing project volume as well as higher average dollars per project. Gordian is also seeing success from its expansion into health care with significant demand for its facility solutions from hospital customers. 
After completing the acquisition of ServiceChannel at the end of August, we are obviously early in our ownership, but we're very pleased with what we've seen thus far and are excited to have them join Fortive. Specifically, ServiceChannel continues to demonstrate strong momentum in its large enterprise retail business with several large customer wins in Q3, including Walgreens, which will roll out automation software across their more than 10,000 locations and the third largest mobile carrier in North America as they transform their facility management program.
Moving to Slide 7. The Precision Technologies segment posted a total revenue increase of 8.9% in the third quarter, with core growth of 7.7%. This included high single-digit growth in North America and high-teens growth in Western Europe. China grew low single digits, but saw strong continued momentum in demand with double-digit order growth in the quarter. 
Tektronix grew high single digits with strong demand trends across its product portfolio and double-digit order growth. Growth was led by the performance of its mainstream as oscilloscopes with a greater than 30% increase supported by new extensions to the 6 Series MSO product line. Tektronix continue to see traction from its efforts to expand in data centers and other related wired communications applications, delivering a number of key customer wins, including Lenovo and Ericsson. 
Throughout the third quarter, Tektronix did an excellent job deploying FBS countermeasures to navigate sustained supply chain challenges while also delivering significant price realization. Even with the strong execution, given the continued robust pace of demand from its customers, Tektronix increased its backlog by more than 70% versus a year ago. 
Sensing Technologies increased by low double digits in the third quarter. Sensing reported strong growth across each of its major regions with robust order momentum across its key end markets. 
Setra registered additional market share gains with its HVAC offerings in Q3 and continues to generate strong growth across a range of critical environment applications, including hospital isolation rooms and pharmaceutical manufacturing. 
Hengstler Dynapar had a very strong quarter by utilizing the FBS tool set to improve lead times and on-time delivery to drive share gains with key OEM customers. 
Pacific Scientific EMC grew by mid-single digits, including improved momentum across its commercial customer base. PacSci continues to see significant growth opportunities in its aircraft and space end markets with strong momentum across its critical safety technology offerings. 
Moving to Advanced Healthcare Solutions on Slide 8. Total revenue increased 9.3%, while core revenue increased 4.7%. This included mid-single-digit growth in North America and low single-digit growth in China. 
Western Europe saw high teens decline based on a difficult prior year comp at Invetech, partially offset by strong growth at ASP and Fluke Health.
ASP grew by low single digits in the third quarter, highlighted by a strong capital equipment performance, including low double-digit growth in terminal sterilization capital. ASP continues to benefit from the solid sales execution, driving the consistent expansion of its global installed base. 
Consumables revenue grew by low single digits, led by high single-digit increase across all geographies outside of the United States. In the U.S., the spike in COVID-related hospitalizations led to a notable decline in elective procedure volumes toward the end of the quarter, resulting in global elective procedures at approximately 88% of pre-COVID levels for the period. While we expect only nominal improvement in elective procedure volume in Q4, longer term, we expect ASP's consumable revenue will benefit from procedure volume normalization and growth in its global installed base. 
Censis increased in the low 40% range, highlighted by very strong growth in professional services and related hardware. It CensiTrac SaaS offering, grew mid-teens as it continue to benefit from new customer additions as well as good momentum with upselling and cross-selling to existing customers. Censis continues to have open access to customer sites and saw strong sustained order growth throughout the quarter. 
Fluke Health Solutions increased by high single digits with continued strength in North America and Western Europe tied to market share gains with OEM customers through the continued deployment of FBS growth tools. FHS executed very well throughout the quarter, driving significant price realization and managing through supply chain constraints to open new market opportunities. FHS continues to benefit from partnership efforts with The Fort, driving lower customer churn at Landauer using The Fort's predictive modeling tools. The company continues to see good early traction from software innovation efforts with 30% growth year-over-year in Q3.
Invetech declined by mid-single digits, which was better than expected against the tough prior year comp that included significant COVID-related tailwinds. The company continues to see strong demand across the diagnostics and life science verticals and expect to end the year with significant order momentum and a healthy backlog to carry into 2022. 
With that, I'll pass it over to Chuck, who will take you through some additional details on our margins, free cash flow and balance sheet.

Thanks, Chuck. We're very pleased with our performance in Q3. We worked diligently to countermeasure supply chain challenges that persisted throughout the quarter and which we expect to continue into 2022. Our teams are doing an excellent job deploying FBS to navigate those headwinds while also delivering strong margin performance and free cash flow generation. 
Looking across our end markets, the demand backdrop we're seeing is very strong with significant momentum in our order flow, driving continued growth in our backlog and double-digit growth across our software businesses. While continuing our focus on execution, we're investing in innovation, expanding our base of leadership talent and pursuing additional capital deployment opportunities as we look to enhance our competitive advantage and pave the way for consistent double-digit earnings and free cash flow growth in the years to come. With that, I'll turn it back to Griffin.

Yes, Scott, thanks. I think number one is we've been ahead -- as you know, we've been in a really good position all year relative to price cost. And hence, our gross margin's going up 90 basis points in the quarter. So yes, we're ahead.
I think one of the things about price is when you think about it, we really think about it in the big hardware businesses as Fluke, tech and Sensing. And in that -- those businesses, we were over 300 basis points.  So yes and we'll see improvement from there in the fourth quarter. So yes, so we're in good shape. 
You'll see the price in the software businesses in the net dollar retention. And so net dollar retention at 102 or so with some of our businesses even higher means we're also -- we're getting that price in a number of the software businesses. It just doesn't show up in the metric the way you'd like it. But we're, I think, in a very good shape relative to price cost in the hardware businesses relative to any inflationary pressure we might have.

Well, I think number one, the team, I think, we didn't have full access to the entire organization when we were in the deal. So I mean, I think with the work we've done, we've been in person with the team, and I think we're excited about the quality of the organization. That's number one. 
We always said the product was great. So I don't think there's any surprise there other than the product is great and the solution is good. And as we articulated in the prepared remarks, the breadth of opportunity is really positive. 
I would say the other thing is we're really starting to see how we can continue to expand the business and some of the levers that are out there. So we'll do -- as you know, we'll do our 100-day plan here in about a month, and we'll certainly codify for the remaining rest of the year, but more importantly for next year, relative to our plans. And right now, we're, I think, in a very good place relative to how we see the business.

Yes. Sure. We -- I think we had a very, very strong quarter at Fluke. As we mentioned, we did build backlog. As you know, any product that has a range of electronic components here is going to be a little bit of a challenge. So orders were in the high teens. So we're really good shape on the order side. 
We built backlog as you mentioned. I've been with the team a couple of times on the shop floor, and they're doing some really good work to get on with many of the component challenges they've had. But we're in a very good place with backlog and with the position of the business. 
I like where we're at, as we mentioned, from an innovation perspective in the prepared remarks, a number of examples of where I think we're really handling things well, and we're taking market share. And of course, all of that's also really driving strong margins there as well.

Yes, about half of -- half of it's in IOS and the other half and the other 2, almost split evenly between PT and health.

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. What we saw, I think we ended Q3 at about 88%. Obviously, the Delta variant had impact in the quarter as the quarter progressed. We -- we're assuming for the fourth quarter about the same, no real uptick. I suspect when we get a number -- the federal vaccine mandate in the United States continue to get, hopefully, we start to get kids vaccinated here. 
Hopefully, we'll start to see in the first quarter, start to see some of those procedures coming back.  And we'll get to the first quarter once we finish the fourth. But specifically for the fourth quarter, our assumption is things stay about the same as they are today. 
So we're in a good -- we're in a really good place at ASP. As we mentioned, we had not -- just a follow on to your question, a very good quarter at ASP.  Equipment came in better than we anticipated to offset some of the headwinds from what we had on consumables. We had very good margin expansion at ASP in the quarter. So we like where that business is at. And if electives come back on the continuous basis in 2022, we'll be in a really good position to take advantage of that.

And Julian, I'd just say a couple of things. One, as Chuck said, the underlying demand on the orders for the second half is double digits, so very good order. From a demand perspective, we're seeing good demand. 
Relative to your China question, in the quarter, we had good growth at Fluke and ASP and as well as in Sensing. We'll see China get better in the fourth quarter, simply because while tech had a little bit lower growth in the quarter, they had over 20% order growth. And so we will see China get back to mid-single digit like growth in the fourth quarter. 
So we've seen good point of sale in China. So we're watching it carefully, certainly because of a lot of the headlines. But we had a good quarter. Chuck and I were on with the team last week doing an operating review. They're optimistic about what's happening on the ground there and the fourth quarter should improve sequentially from the third to the fourth.

And Julian -- sorry, Nigel. The other part of it is we did some in the third within the business in Sensing to do some factory relocation as well. So really, in the second half, these are early ideas around the second half. And quite frankly, I think puts us in a good position. 
As we come together with our return to work plans, it really says that in certain -- some of the businesses we have, we can take our footprint down. And so we're obviously going to take advantage of those opportunities as they come at us.

Yes. So relative to Accruent, you're right, we had a little bit slower revenue growth there, but we did have good bookings, really strong bookings in a couple of -- several of what we'd call the growth businesses. We called those out in the prepared remarks but really strong bookings relative to the performance in those businesses.
So I think we're set up well for mid-single digit in 2022. But you're right, we had a onetime hit on revenue that occurred in the quarter, a couple other things -- a couple of little churn events or many churn events that we didn't anticipate. So certainly slowed it down a little bit in the quarter. But we think we're -- because of the order strength, particularly around new logos, we are -- we're in a good position for next year.
Relative to the 102, we're always going to have some businesses up and down relative to where that number's at. ServiceChannel and eMaint would be our best performers on that metric as an example. Intelex would be pretty high. But we -- I would suspect we'll get to sort of thinking about budgets as we go through the business. But I would suspect that you'd expect 100 basis points of improvement, 100 to 200 basis points of improvement somewhere in that range each year, at least for the next few years as we continue to -- while these businesses are still new to Fortive.

Yes. Well, I can take you through a lot of detail because I think I've been more involved in these kinds of things over the last 60 days than I typically would, takes me back to some routes, I guess. Josh, I would say a couple of things. One, certainly in our businesses, think of it as the more electronic content, the more likely to have a challenge.
So you can think about a circuit board at Tektronix, which is incredibly complicated, has multiple semiconductors on it, has multiple -- all kinds of chip technology on a board like that. You're going to just have higher variability because of that. Fluke will be as true as well and then Sensing a little bit less. So from a -- just how that goes, that's how it would be.
We are seeing mostly electronic shortages. And as I said in the previous comment, mostly around availability. We're paying a little bit more to get things. So there's some premium freight involved in inflation, very -- not a lot of labor. We have pretty low labor content in the company, simply because of our decades of productivity initiatives, so we're seeing some labor inflation, but at the end of the day, doesn't move the needle as much.
It's really about the material availability first and foremost. And given our gross margins on those products, it makes sense to -- even if we spend a few pennies more to get something in faster, given the high demand we have right now and just given the momentum in orders right now, it makes sense to sometimes pay those things, because ultimately, the margins. It just makes sense to do that.  And obviously, our first and foremost, we're taking care of customers. So hopefully, that gives you a window. 
Every day, we're well set up to deal with this because we have daily management, what we call visual management. You've seen it in our factories during tours. Our businesses manage every cell and every factory by the hour. And so we're well set up to just sort of put that on steroids a little bit in order to amplify the challenges and just get after it. And so it doesn't mean we don't have issues. It's how well we countermeasure that really makes the difference here.

Well, number one, I think what we do is in the big businesses where we sell into distribution or we certainly limit the amount of buying that can occur at pricing. So if we have a price increase stated, we obviously have contractual terms, markets. And we will contractually make sure -- we work with our channel partners as part of their contractual obligations to not necessarily buy, like, 6 months ahead or something like that.  So that's a partnership and certainly part of how we work with channel partners. 
We've been able, in many OEM cases to reprice orders as well. So I think it really speaks to -- I think others have talked about having problems in their backlog with pricing. We have really good granularity around what that looks like, and that's what gives us confidence to know that we'll continue to get the price here going forward and to know that our price cost will continue to improve.

And I think, man, Markus, one thing we know to be true over the last -- certainly over the last 2 years, but certainly in the last 6 months, is that something has occurred every 3 months relative to electives that's caused it to go a little bit sideways. So I think it's premature to call next year, but it's safe to say that when we get to a more normalized sort of event in our hospitals, we'll be in -- that business is certainly laying the groundwork, laying the foundation for good growth. I was with a major hospital network about a month ago in their facility.  They're placing equipment, and they're looking forward to adding more elective procedures as they get forward. 
And maybe just one other comment on elect is, it's not only COVID, it's also -- particularly in the United States, it is also the nursing shortage. So it's -- it probably doesn't snap back, but it certainly comes back over time, which we really are looking forward to, obviously.

Well, Andy, our -- as we said over the last few years, we've -- as we've talked to you, we remain very busy. And I think the opportunities are certainly out there. I -- we're working on some hardware things. We're working on some software things. It's really about accelerating strategy. It's about adding technology to advance our -- what we do within workflows with customers.
So I think we have a balanced approach to things. I think we see lots of opportunities to deploy capital in ways that really, not only accelerates our strategy, but gets us good returns, is additive from a growth perspective. We're certainly going to lean in on recurring revenue. We think that's a good way to -- we really think that's a strategy towards building a more durable, resilient Fortive over time.
And so I would say we're certainly leaning towards those kinds of opportunities. As we know, even our hardware deals, whether they were Industrial Scientific or Landauer or certainly ASP, we had a heavy amount of recurring revenue in those deals even when they were hardware. So we're going to continue to look for those opportunities, not exclusively, but probably the majority of the things we're doing is really going to have a passion for growth, but also with that idea that we can continue to build a more durable, resilient growth rate.

Well, I think number one is it's more resilient because our -- we had, I think, low-digit growth in our service business, but just a resilient durable base and foundation of revenue that we've built over time. So number one, I think we've got a more resilient durable growth rate just because of that service business that we've built into the revenue stream. 
We've got some software offerings there that we started with. We mentioned that in the prepared remarks. So we're building a more durable revenue stream. While at the same time, as you mentioned, we've taken advantage of a number of real opportunities relative to what I would call higher growth situations. And quite frankly, when we think about going forward, obviously, the semiconductor cycle is going to extend as people continue to invest in the kinds of things that we've talked about, but also these supply chain issues and constraints fundamentally require a lot of folks who have electronics in their products to redesign those products for different chips or different components. 
And quite frankly, one of the things they need to do that is in oscilloscope. So we think there's also, not only the sort of long-term secular trends that the business has been going after, but also some shorter-term opportunities is as people start to continue to have to deal with some of these supply chain challenges. And fundamentally, that can often end up in a redesign. And certainly, we have the products and solutions to help people do that.
So we're very bullish on the business. Obviously, it still has a component of volatility to it. But we -- I think the team has done a nice job of continuing to drive technology and innovation towards higher growth, more durable revenue streams.

Well, I think at the end of the day, we have some protocol capability, but I think it depends on the use of the scope and the range of the scope where that's appropriate. So I would say that our direction has been more rather than adding additional measurement capability to some of the scopes, we've been really adding more solutions focused to really different probes, different software around the application to really help folks. That's where we've been really successful in automotive and in data centers, really bringing forward, call it the post scope work that really helps the engineer in the application -- specific application that they're moving forward with.

In the third quarter?

Yes. I mean I think electives certainly were part of it. We thought electives were going to be -- we were conservative on electives, but we were -- they were lower than we anticipated. So you could probably think about maybe $10 million of revenue that was there -- just there.
And then certainly, on the -- we could have easily hit the upper end of our guide relative to revenue, which is roughly 300 basis points if we hadn't had some of the supply chain constraints that ended up. We always said that September's a big month. And we had several things that hit us in September that we didn't anticipate. So we still manage, as we noted, to have tremendous margins and tremendous free cash flow despite those challenges.
And I think that's really -- that really speaks to the power of FBS in terms of facing challenges, being able to countermeasure through those things. And this isn't a story of the absence of challenges, but rather the ability to deal with them. And that's what we'll continue to do in the fourth quarter. And you didn't ask it, but I would anticipate that we'll be dealing with a number of the supply chain issues well into 2022.

No, this is all -- oh, it's not getting components. We have -- demand picked up tremendously through the quarter. As we said, we had very strong orders and we'll have strong orders through the rest of the year. So our demand profile's very good. Customers are taking things as soon as we can get them to them in most cases. So this is not an inventory situation or anything like that.  This is purely a component shortage challenge that we're dealing with as, I think, has been well documented by a lot of other companies.

Well, it's safe to say that we're going to end the year in a backlog position we never had before, Steve. That would certainly suggest some great opportunity for us next year. I'll hold my enthusiasm until we get to the full year guide. But things are setting up pretty well. Orders are very strong. They're going to continue to be good in the fourth. There's a lot of variables out there. Obviously, there's still to be considered, as we play out the rest of the quarter, to give consideration to. 
But as Chuck just said, relative to how AHS is setting up, we certainly talk about the software businesses, even where we had a little bit less growth at the current, we had good orders. So we think we can continue to build on our net retention. So I think we're certainly setting up for some good things, but let's get through this quarter. 
I'm pretty focused on the things we got to do right now to deliver October. So -- but we'll get there pretty soon. And obviously, I think if it plays out the way we think, we'll certainly have -- we'll be in our best backlog position that we've ever been in.

Well, I think I'll take it from Griffin, but thank you, Alexander, and thanks, everyone, for your time tonight. We appreciate it, as always. 
We benefited from the hard work and determination of our 17,000 employees all around the world. We appreciate all your support, and we look forward to continuing to follow up with any questions you might have around the quarter as we get into the finish of the year. Thanks. Have a great day, and have a great earnings season. Bye-bye.