Thanks, Griffin, and good afternoon, everyone. Our results for the fourth quarter provided a strong finish to 2019 as we delivered a 13.1% adjusted earnings growth, with strong adjusted operating margin performance and excellent free cash flow. 
For the full year, we generated adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 on a continuing operations basis, representing a 13.7% increase year-over-year, with 2% core revenue growth and 30 basis points of core operating margin expansion. We delivered these results in the face of slow demand dynamics across our short-cycle businesses throughout the second half of the year.  At the same time, we achieved significant progress with respect to the continued transformation of our portfolio, closing nearly $4 billion worth of high-quality, strategic acquisitions that accelerate our strategy around software-enabled workflow solutions.
As a key part of our portfolio transformation, we continue to make good progress with the integration of Advanced Sterilization Products. We closed down China before the end of the fourth quarter, successfully integrating the largest of the Day 2 countries and accomplishing a key milestone as we bring ASP's global operations under our full control. We remain keenly focused on closing the remaining Day 2 countries and ensuring that the necessary infrastructure is in place to enable us to exit the majority of the TSAs as planned by the end of the second quarter.
At the same time, we are pleased with the significant progress that we've made toward the completion of the separation of Vontier. In December, we announced key members of Vontier's senior management team, including Mark Morelli as President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Naemura as Chief Financial Officer, and we are continuing to work toward an IPO split to effect the separation. While we have put ourselves in a position to be ready for the first step in the form of an IPO of up to 20% of Vontier by the end of the first quarter, we will continue to assess market conditions and maintain a variety of options for the eventual completion of the transaction, which is on track for the second half of this year, as previously communicated.
Given that I've been challenged with a cold for the last week, Chuck will provide the details of the quarter.

Thanks, Chuck. To wrap up, the fourth quarter represented a strong finish to 2019 with continued momentum from Industrial Technologies and solid execution from Professional Instrumentation in a challenging environment. Our performance in the quarter provided a clear demonstration of both the power of the Fortive Business System and the increasing resilience of our portfolio, enabling us to deliver 150 basis points of core operating margin expansion in the face of slow short-cycle demand that persisted throughout the quarter.
In 2019, we faced a number of challenges head on from tariff-related headwinds to short-cycle slowing through the back half of the year. Despite these challenges, we delivered strong margin expansion and free cash flow and saw approximately 7% revenue growth across the software businesses we have acquired since spin. In addition, we have made significant progress toward the integration of ASP, while also moving forward with the separation of Vontier to position Fortive for the future. Clearly, there are signs out there of continued industrial slowness, and we're cautious about the macroeconomic outlook for the coming quarters.
With respect to guidance, we are initiating our full year 2020 adjusted diluted net EPS guidance at $3.68 to $3.78, representing year-over-year growth of 6% to 9% on a continuing operations basis. The annual guidance assumes low single-digit core revenue growth, 50 basis points of core OMX and an effective tax rate of approximately 16%. We are also initiating our first quarter adjusted diluted net EPS guidance of $0.70 to $0.74, representing year-over-year growth of 1% to 7%. This includes assumptions of low single-digit core revenue decline and an effective tax rate of approximately 15%. Our first quarter guidance also anticipates a $0.02 headwind from the disruption we have seen so far associated with the coronavirus outbreak in China. This is a very fluid situation, and we are monitoring it very closely. Obviously, first and foremost, the safety of our employees throughout China is our top priority.
In closing, I want to take a minute to acknowledge the efforts of the broader Fortive team across the globe. 2019 was a truly transformational year for our team. And while it was not a year without challenges, I'm extremely proud of how our team performed and responded. It's the dedication of our people and their relentless commitment to continuous improvement that drive the Fortive Business System and enable us to deliver greater long-term value for all of our stakeholders. I look forward to the next decade ahead with our outstanding team. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Griffin.

Yes, Julian, it's Jim. 
First, you're right about Q4. If you sort of think about the second half and what we saw in PI in the second half, we're probably down 20 or so bps for the second half. So a number -- what we saw in Q4 was some really strong pricing. We saw -- we always get a bigger portion of our supply chain savings near the end of the year, and we certainly saw that. So those 2 plus a little bit better mix was really what drove the stronger margin expansion in the quarter. As we go into -- you certainly have some headwinds of things like salaries and things like that, that come into the first quarter, that will be part of the offset. But I think part of it is just -- we'll see the big businesses, Fluke and Tek, be about the same relative to their contribution. But I think as you see the coronavirus hit here, and that's principally and that hit is going to be more in PI probably than anywhere else.

So yes, that business is, I think, roughly $50-ish million so figure double-digit kind of growth, you're probably talking in the $10 million range for the year. That's -- it's mostly a SaaS business. So I think some -- if we think about how that [ brand ] will continue to grow and we think we'll probably put some additional investment in it in order to accelerate growth through the year as we work with the team there. 
As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the combination of Sensus, along with what we've got at ASP, gives us a really strong offering in central sterilization department. So some of our effort here to accelerate the growth is going to be some investment in go-to-market in order to make sure that we can accelerate that growth through the year.

Pretty close, lower operating margins than what we would at the start -- but high gross margin. So you're talking about gross margins in the 60s. They do have a service business. So the software, obviously, is in the high 80s and 90s kind of range. But then there's a service  and installation component to it that brings the margins down. We think we can continue to grow that margin profile over time. And obviously, the operating margins will start to come up. I think they're in the -- roughly the 20s now and they'll probably be in that range this year.

Well, I think as we look at the guide, Andrew, we don't have any dramatic improvement that I would say is counting on a big economic swing. Our comps get a little easier in the second half. So you have a little bit of that. And we've got some product launches. So I would say if the upside -- if things were to get better in Europe, I think that would be some upside to us. That would be 1 thing. I think we've got North America, I think we've seen North America fairly stable. If we start to think about some of the places where we see some point-of-sale, as an example, we've seen some growth lately in point-of-sale. Admittedly, still kind of low single digit, but we're seeing growth. So I think the upside story would be probably China accelerates -- forget just beyond corona, but it just accelerates to a little bit better. And Western Europe comes back to growth maybe sooner. I think those are probably 2 of the embedded things. You could go OpCo by Opco, but I think geography is probably the best way to think about it.

Well we'll certainly be in a good position, that's for sure. As we highlighted in the prepared remarks about our plan here, still a lot of things to do. I'll let Chuck specifically comment about how we're thinking about the debt structure here.

Yes, sure, Andy. Thanks. So I think the China thing is pretty predictable. We have a double-wall tank upgrade. We've seen tremendous benefit last year from that. And we knew inevitably that, that was going to sort of wane, and that came in fairly predictable. So I don't think China will be a big source of growth for GVR necessarily in 2020. India will. We really have seen more -- we've actually been -- most recently, we've seen some good news on some of our project rollouts. So the first quarter may be a little hit and miss. But I think as we get into the second quarter and in the back half of the year, you're going to see India be a contributor to growth for GVR as well as some of the other high-growth markets. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, Latin America was a highlight for them as well in the quarter. And then maybe the bigger story is now -- obviously, EMV is the big story. Came in really the way we thought it should come in, in the quarter. That will continue to be helpful in 2020. And I think what we saw, which is nice to see, was the comments we made around starting to see some of the benefits with GVR customers in Europe with Tritium. So that's a starting point for growth as well. So a number of levers that we think can get them -- will be additive to their growth rate. But EMV still will be the big number there throughout this year.

Yes. If we looked over -- if we sort of get away from the quarters and just look at our ownership of -- we've seen mid single-digit growth at Accruent since our ownership. So I think what we've seen here recently is, first of all, like we said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing good growth in some of the SaaS offerings. We mentioned Connectiv, which is our health care offering, which did really well. As an example, our EMS offering and our 360 Facility offering, which are really parts of our CMMS offering and space management offering. 
So we saw some good SaaS bookings growth in those businesses. We do have parts of the legacy business that were down, as we mentioned last quarter, and were down more than we thought or thought they were going to be. Some of that is larger licensing deals that we had in the fourth quarter of over a year ago, which made for a tough comp. But I think as we sit here in 2020, we look forward with the team, we certainly see our path back to that sort of mid-single-digit and better growth. With the SaaS business, it takes a little while for that to kick in. But we're still very excited about the business. And then we think more broadly about Gordian as well as what we've done with Fluke Digital and eMaint as that sort of almost $0.5 billion of facilities and asset management businesses, those businesses growing exceptionally good. So the market dynamics are good. Like we said, we've got a little bit of work to do at Accruent, we talked about that. I think that's consistent with what we said before. But when we look in total, what we're doing from an all Fortive perspective, I think we like where we're at, and we like the future opportunities as well.

Yes. Well, I think we certainly are -- we completed Sensus in the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, we did Intelex as well in the second half. So a couple of very good deals in the second half. In the summer, we had PRÜFTECHNIK. So we had good additions and the breadth was pretty good as well. Intelex really being part of our ISC safety offering, Sensus being part of our health care offering, PRÜFTECHNIK really in the core of Fluke business. So as we look across those funnels, John, across all of our businesses, I think we're in a very good place with all of our funnels. We just reviewed our strategic plan for the next several years with our Board and highlighted the opportunities for some of our key platforms. And we really see across a number of platforms opportunities for capital deployment. Obviously, we're pretty busy right now with some of the things we've got going and but we continue to be active, and we're hopeful that we'll get some things done here in 2020 as well.

Yes, we're really excited. I think Mark is a bit -- is a very much a person with -- who's got a considerable continuous improvement experience. He's been a student of DBS and FBS for a long time and has applied it in his businesses. He certainly goes back to some United Technology days where they were implementing a number of Lean principles. So I think he brings public company experience, he brings business transformation experience, he's incredibly results oriented. So I think Mark is somebody who we're really excited about. 
And Dave Naemura is really coming back, right? Dave was the group CFO for us before he went to Gates. And Dave's a great financial leader. He's worked with Chuck and I for decades. And I think it's -- we're really excited. Dave knows these businesses. He's coming into the organization knowing these businesses, having had some financial responsibility for these businesses before he left. So I think the combination of both external experience, both having public company experience, but also their belief in continuous improvement, I really think sets up already with a great leadership team that we already have in those businesses. We think Vontier's future is very strong with the leaders that we now have in place.

Yes. Thanks, Deane. It's obviously, as we said, it's an evolving situation, and our first priority is the safety and security of our people over there. And obviously, a very difficult situation for the country of China, the health crisis that it is. So I think, first and foremost, we're focused on making sure that our teams are fine. And we're doing what we can from a business perspective, to help in the situation. We have some products, as an example at Fluke, that are helpful to diagnosing some things relative to some of our temperature measurement products as an example. So that's first and foremost. 
How we got to the $0.02 is really, I think, pretty straightforward. It's really another week of being down. So that's inactivity of not only the factories but also customers. And the fact that I think we ramped slower than normal. I've been pretty -- we've talked about China and how you come out of the new year for a number of times. I have a couple of decades of experience of leading our efforts over there. And usually, you come up a little slower coming out of the new year as -- and we just think that's going to be a little slower. So it's really the combination of the lost week and really not probably coming up as quickly as we typically would out of the new year. 
Now I'll tell you, Deane, as you know, it's an evolving situation relative to next week. February 10 is really the starting point, which -- and we're really looking at 3 things: one is how are our customers going to come back, how is commercial transactions going to start-up and occur; the second thing is our factories and our Tier 1 and Tier 2 and even Tier 3 supply chain, and how quickly they come up, we're pretty confident about our own factories, but seeing the supply chain come up; and then I think the third piece is just the freight lanes, what's going to happen. We do ship, as an example, on some commercial flights, as an example. So we'll just have to see how that happens. And really, all that's going to sort of evolve next week and in the weeks to come as we start to see things. We're -- we've got countermeasures in place on all 3 of those situations. But we have to get into it to see how things play out and how quickly. But we felt obligated with what we've known pretty much over the last maybe 2 or 3 days, we've really felt obligated to be very clear about what we think will happen thus far.

Yes. We saw a little bit better performance in the fourth than we did in the third, and a little bit better performance than we originally thought. And I think that was principally in North America. If we think about point-of-sale trends at Fluke in the fourth quarter, the U.S. grew a little bit; Western Europe and China were still down; China, off a tough comp. So we really -- we've got to come out, as I mentioned a few questions ago, corona probably [ hasn't impacted ] Fluke maybe more dramatically just given the daily volume of business that goes on at Fluke. So we've got to watch that in China. We think the U.S. continues to sort of stay on track. We don't really see big inventory issues. And in Western Europe, we still think it's going to probably be flattish to down here, at least in the first half, start maybe to get a little bit better based on comp. 
The inventory positions within the channel are pretty good. So we don't expect any dramatic downturn in the economy from here with these industrial customers. And so you would think that most of the inventory corrections are behind us at this point.

I think the more dramatic number at Tek though, really, Rick, is going to be just seeing that market come back in North America and Europe. That's really that the Huawei thing is something and it's something for Tek. But if we were to really think about what's really a larger piece that we usually see 3 or 4 quarters are down -- 4 to 5 quarters of downturn when this sort of turns. And I think that's kind of our current thought. Large -- as you know, while larger purchases get delayed for a little while but they can't be delayed forever. And so we think we'll start to see things start to improve as we get further into the year.

And a couple of things we said before, Rick, just put that in context, like we were talking about EMV, like we just talked about. As I also mentioned, India improves through the second half. So you start to see -- I think electric vehicles, the EV charging business, probably ramps a little bit more. So you've got a few things that are going to start to accelerate through the year that are non-EMV related as well.

Well, yes, we haven't commented on the Board. I mean, we've got a lot of degrees of freedom. We've announced Karen as our Chair. And so we've got to a Chair, we're building a Board at the construct. We never want to comment on who's going to join the Board or whatever, based on, as you know, commitments and how many boards people are on. I would say that our Board recruiting has been incredibly positive. We've had a number of folks that have been interested. And we're in the process of interviewing those folks. We -- because of the structure we've talked about, we're in good shape for what we need to do for the IPO, and I think we're in very good shape to -- as we move forward with the separation, the full separation, if you will, later in the year.

You'll start to see some of the milestones that would -- be prepared for that, just to be specific, John, things like our filing and those kinds of things. You'd start to see that here in the meetings and things like that in the coming weeks here.

Well, thanks, everybody, for taking the time. We -- and indulging me and my minor cold here. But we want to thank everyone for your support in 2019. We -- clearly, a transformational year as we talked about. A number of things that we feel really good about as we enter into the year, we talked about a number of those things this afternoon. It's a new decade for us and a new decade for Fortive, and we're incredibly excited about the position we put ourselves in for both Fortive and Vontier to make 2020 a strong year. 
We'll look forward to continued conversations around all that. And certainly, Griffin and team are available for follow-up over the next several days. So thanks, everybody, for your time today. Have a great day. And we look forward to seeing you here soon on the road.