Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call. We'll get to Q&A shortly, but first, I want to spend a couple of minutes talking about where the industry sits today and how we're seeing the year unfold. We're off to a really strong start and the Marcellus have closed on Chief and we're busy integrating these great assets. Our team is excited to unlock the value we saw in the acquisition, and we're encouraged about the early opportunities we see for further upside.
In Haynesville, we're through most of the significant elements of the integration and the results are strong. Combining the expertise on the buying team with ours, we just drilled the fastest intermediate section in our history in the basin. In the Eagle Ford, we restarted our program and we continue to see outstanding returns and significant free cash flow.
Additionally, we also continued to lower our emissions profile, having completed over half of our pneumatic retrofit program, and we're well on our way to having our Marcellus assets join the Haynesville as independently certified responsibly sourced gas. The first quarter marks the first full period we [ owned ] the buying assets. We delivered $532 million in adjusted free cash flow in the quarter, setting a new quarterly record for Chesapeake.
As a result of this increase and the further uplift we expect following the close of Chief in March,  we've increased the 2022 free cash flow outlook by $700 million, raising the midpoint of our range to $2.7 billion. We believe these transactions are great examples of how consolidation yields improved cost structures, capital efficiency and, most importantly, accretive free cash flow.
Given the depth of our inventory and its resiliency through commodity cycles, we expect to maintain this robust free cash flow profile for a very long time. Today, our free cash flow per share and free cash flow per debt adjusted share lead the peer group by a significant margin.
With $10 billion of free cash flow anticipated over the next 5 years, a robust dividend combined with a large buyback program, we're poised to execute what we believe to be one of the most powerful cash return frameworks in the industry. Given these facts and the view that our stock remains significantly undervalued, we initiated our $1 billion share buyback program in the first quarter and expect to accelerate the pace of our buybacks as we file the final disclosures related to the Chief transaction this month.
Given the current valuation of our stock, it's certainly possible we will exhaust our $1 billion buyback authorization early and would then expect to seek Board approval to increase the authorization and continue retiring our shares, which will further enhance our already leading free cash flow and cash dividend metrics per share.
In addition to our initial progress on our repurchase program, our first quarter dividend payment reached $2.34 per common share, and our dividend yield currently sits around 10% for the full year 2022. If you include the share repurchase program, it reaches 14%.
In total, at today's strip, we expect to pay over $7 billion in dividends over the next 5 years. I'd now like to switch gears and talk about the macro environment. The war in Ukraine is horrible on every level, and we're eager to see an end of the invasion. We're also eager to help ensure the citizens of Europe and by extension in the rest of the world are not left without adequate energy resources should Russian supplies see continued or either even further interruptions.
The natural question for U.S. producers is will you grow to solve the problem. We consider our capital allocation strategy on an almost daily basis and are committed to maintaining our strong capital discipline. When we see opportunities to grow production and deliver supply to a market where it is needed and where we believe that demand is resilient and not temporary, we will consider growing into that demand.
We continue to believe energy should be reliable, low carbon and affordable. We also believe that we have the inventory to deliver what is so desperately needed and have updated our inventory data in our slide deck for each of our basins to highlight the standing power of our portfolio, which spans decades at very low prices. In the near term, while prices in Europe are extremely high, they're also much higher than they need to be in the U.S.
We do respond to these economic signals and have done so in our 2022 capital program. We're growing our Haynesville volumes approximately 10% year-over-year adjusted for the Vine acquisition. And as the market reliably expands, we will be ready to respond accordingly.
We're investing in the Eagle Ford again in 2022 after pausing through the pandemic, restarting our program at a logical pace as we redefine the appropriate development plan for this asset to maximize capital efficiency. We're continuing to press for max volumes out of our Marcellus asset every day. As has been discussed at length by us and others, we're constrained by lack of pipeline access to underserved markets, particularly in New England.
Additionally, we continue to hold discussions with counterparties in the LNG export market, and we hope to increase our exposure as the market continues to develop around these very important projects. We market greater than 4.5 Bcf of production every day, more than 2 Bcf of which is immediately adjacent to the LNG complex in the Gulf Coast and is already independently certified as responsibly sourced gas.
We've also proactively reached out to partners in midstream and downstream markets as well as our government contacts to discuss the best ways to see supply increase in the U.S. While we have not and will not ask the government for any financial support, we would like to see the legal and regulatory environment embrace the need for infrastructure to ensure we can provide reliable, affordable, lower carbon energy to limit energy poverty and bluntly impact our allied space when access to energy is used as a weapon.
We're actively engaged in these discussions and hope to see a solution to the war and by extension, the challenge of high energy prices soon. While no company can tackle this challenge alone, we recognize the policy changes will unquestionably be an important part of the equation, given the high prices in Europe was experiencing prior to the Russian invasion.
Our employees are united in the belief that together we can play a critical role in helping solve these challenges. Importantly, with the quality of our assets, our people and our balance sheet, we are able to achieve all the critical elements of reliable, low-carbon and affordable energy in a disciplined returns-focused way to create a truly sustainable business.
Operator, we'll now turn it over for Q&A.

Sure. Let's talk about gas prices first is your first question. We -- you said we've talked them down a little bit. I think all we've pointed to with gas prices is that the prompt-month prices are so far above breakevens for supply in the U.S. that we just don't expect that to be a persistent price environment. The long end of the curve now has come up quite a bit. And for a couple of years, we'll be above $4 on the curve. There's ample resources in this country to drive prices below $4 on the long end of the curve. And we think if you have really adequate infrastructure to deliver gas to all of the markets where it's needed, it should be back around $3 or maybe a little over $3 in this environment and -- which means that the volatility on top of that, weather demand and things like that, it will go below $3, sometimes above $3 other times and maybe bounce as high as $4 and see some lower prices, too. But in general, we just see that the adequacy of supply with breakevens that are around that level should drive prices lower over time.
Now right now, we have all sorts of constraints in the market. And so it does make sense that prices are higher. But we all need to be thoughtful about how we manage our production in the face of those constraints. And so what we don't want to do is force production higher directly into those constraints where production can't get to the markets that is needed.
And so for example, if we increase production significantly in the Marcellus, it's not going anywhere, it's not going to lower anybody's prices. And so that's not helpful. That won't create value for our shareholders, and we're not going to pursue that path. And those kinds of constraints, we think probably -- particularly in the Marcellus, we think those will be sticky for a long time. But those constraints exist on a micro level and a lot of other places, whether they're access to services equipment, access to pipelines. And so we think they're persistent at least in the near term. And so prices are going to stay up for a bit. But ultimately, they should -- supply and demand forces will went out and they'll come back down to a more reasonable level. 
So that's really all that we're expressing there is that we're not going to change our strategy to a view that says 6 or 7 or 8 where we are on the prompt is a more permanent price. That's just not consistent with how we see the world. 
And then Doug, you asked about the story yesterday that was in the press around discussions with Kimmeridge. And I'll just note that we have a lot of discussions with shareholders, including Kimmeridge. 
We always welcome feedback from shareholders  and I don't think there's a big gap in how we all see the world. I think we share Kimmeridge's view that our stock is undervalued. We've talked a lot about our Eagle Ford asset, and we have a great asset in the Eagle Ford. We currently produce 52,000 barrels of oil a day out of the Eagle Ford. We generate a lot of free cash flow out of that asset. Just in 2022 alone, we'll generate $1.2 billion of free cash flow out of the Eagle Ford before hedges, about $600 million after the effect of hedges. 
And so we shut down the Eagle Ford program completely during the pandemic oil price collapse, and we just restarted it at the end of 2021, and what we're doing in the field today, we think, is going to add significant value to the asset for our shareholders. We talked at the beginning of the year what we were trying to accomplish with that asset.
We talked about how we want to prove up the wider spacing in the Brazos Valley area, which will demonstrate the full cycle value of that asset. And we also talked about delineating the Upper Austin Chalk in our legacy South Texas position. We're pretty encouraged by both of those things. And we want to have our heads down and execute on that because we think we're adding some good value here in the near term. But ultimately, we're going to let the results of those programs just as we've been saying, inform us on whether we think we can maximize the value of this asset through our development or if we should maximize the value of the asset by selling it to someone else. That's the way we think about all of our assets all the time. And so we're going to have our heads down executing on this program in the near term. And we think we'll have results certainly in the second half of the year to talk about, and we're looking forward to that.

Sure. It's a great question, Matt. So we do have a lot of incremental free cash flow, as you've noted. We're pretty eager to get going on the buyback. We've been constrained with our disclosure requirements around the Chief asset. We haven't been cleared of MNPI, we will be very soon. And once we are, we expect to get billing and get going in earnest. And that's been helpful. But we're, like I said, eager to do quite a bit more.
On the debt reduction side, we have a little bit outstanding on our revolver today following the Chief transaction. We'll probably let that go back to 0. That will happen in the normal course as we go through the year. But we don't really have a priority for debt reduction beyond that. And I would call that just -- it will just happen as it happens. There's no urgency necessarily to achieving that by any certain date.

Yes, great question. So one of the things we're happy about today is there's all these projects that are being proposed, and there's all of the new LNG facilities that will be built over the next several years. And at the moment, we're a bit of a free agent when it comes to where we deliver our gas.
We have very little FT in the Haynesville. And so we have a lot of flexibility about how we think about where we're going to send that gas and what we're going to commit to. So we talk about this a lot. I'll actually let Mohit talk to you a bit more about how we're thinking about it. But we're excited about what this represents.

I'll start this one, and then Mohit may have something else to add.  We're pretty little hedged for 2022. So we haven't been motivated out a lot more here. We've been happy to see the bit that we have unhedged rise, and it's been obviously a big tailwind to our cash flows.
For 2023, you can see the way we laid it out in our slide now, we've put a bullet on there that tells you what we've added since the last disclosure. And what we're doing now is a bunch of very wide collars. And so we really feel good about those collars. Some of the collars that we've done have been a wide for the full year of 4/10, which is a pretty awesome spread have access to a floor of 4 and a ceiling of 10. So go ahead, Mohit.

Sure. We won't comment on who we've negotiated with directly. But we intended when we put the buyback in place to be ready if any of those large holders wanted to sell to make sure that there was no disruption in the trading dynamics of our stock in the market if there's a large chunk that wanted to sell.
One of the things that's been really interesting about the perceived overhang of the shareholders in our stock is that they're reasonably happy shareholders from what we hear from them and patient. And so we're generating great returns, the cash return elements, the pending buyback that can be accelerated now, all of these things point to a tremendous amount of upside in the stock. And so I call it a perceived overhang because I think a number of these shareholders could be there for a while, but we're totally ready when any of them want to sell to be prepared to be a buyer. So we're -- I think your sentiment is directionally correct. We're just not seeing demand for that today in any big size.

Well, it's something that we talk about in almost every day, Scott. I mean I do think that perceived overhang is a challenge for some investors. I think they're if we had a little bit more turnover in the shareholder base, that would probably help. But again, I think of it as a perceived problem. And when I say our shareholders are happy, I think I'm sure that they would all share our view that the stock is undervalued today. So we're all focused on how to drive the stock price higher and have it better represent the underlying value of the assets that we own.
We think the buyback is going to go a long way towards that. We will be actively buying our stock. And if some of them want to sell, then great, they can sell it to us. And if they want to hold, then we'll buy from others in the market. So we're eager to execute on that because at this point, that cash can go a long way towards retiring the share count, which is going to make all of our per share metrics that we talked about earlier that much better and should really continue to highlight the value in the stock that should drive the share price higher.
So we're going to continue to execute on our plan. We're going to continue to push for the buyback, and we're pretty optimistic about what that will do for our share price.

Yes. I'll start this one and then Mohit will probably have something to add here, too, again, but we're really excited about the opportunity to do something like that, Josh. Exactly where we land on that spectrum of signing offtake agreements, taking position in facilities. There's a lot of work for us to do to determine which facilities we want to partner with and how we want to gain that exposure.
What we're really focused on is creating diversification of price. At the end of the day, these prices -- anything you do in the LNG world is going to be a very long-term contract. And so while there is a big delta between U.S. gas prices in European or Asian gas prices today, over the tenor of that contract, you'd expect there to be plenty of volatility in that spread, sometimes good, sometimes less good, sometimes maybe not good. And so it's really about our diversification strategy. And we'll continue to think about the right way to approach that. And we're seeing a lot of opportunities to do it with a number of different counterparties, and we're going to take our time to work through it, but we're excited about that potential.

Yes. Josh, we don't have anything material in East Texas. Sometimes there's some rights that show up on an acreage map depending on what you're looking at, but we don't have anything material that we maintain in East Texas.

I'll take that one, John. That's a big assumption. And we're in a world where people do care a lot about capital discipline, and we think that's right and appropriate. But I think if you said you wanted to get a new rig and start going after a growth wedge, I think you're at least 6 months from that rig showing up, at least. So it's going to take a while.

Well, thanks again for joining our call. behind our exceptional employees, I believe Chesapeake continues to deliver what the market demands today for a premium valuation. We're focused on our portfolio of high-return assets with scale to matter. We're generating significant free cash flow and have one of the industry's strongest frameworks to return cash to shareholders. And we're committed to ESG excellence into answering the call for reliable, affordable and lower carbon energy the world desperately needs today. 
We're eager to provide a deeper dive into the depth of our portfolio and what we believe it will deliver for our shareholders at our Analyst Day, which we intend to host later this year. And in the meantime, we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress.
Thanks again, and have a great day.