Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone.
Chesapeake continued to build upon the transformational momentum established over the last several years through consistent operational and financial improvements. The announcement of our Utica divestiture is yet another step that demonstrates our commitment to achieve and sustain top quartile performance amongst our peers.
The enterprise strength at Chesapeake Energy comes from our strong diverse portfolio of assets and our solution-minded employees, each providing optionality and opportunities for greater shareholder value.
We have fundamentally transformed all aspects of the company in the last 5 years. With closure of the Utica transaction, we will have eliminated $12.2 billion in total leverage, lowered our annual gathering, processing and transportation expense by approximately $900 million, while erasing over $10.3 billion in additional midstream and downstream commitments.
We've reduced our CapEx cumulatively by more than $12 billion while keeping adjusted production relatively flat, and removed over $1 billion of annual cash costs. Importantly, we have done all of this while delivering record environmental, health, safety and regulatory performance.
Simply put, we have accomplished differential performance improvements during the challenged commodity price environment. As noted previously, our sequential and successive improvements have yet to be materially recognized by Chesapeake's common equity holder. I believe we are positioned today with continued progress to deliver that differential value growth to our common equity holders.
We recorded another solid quarter, our fourth in a row, growing adjusted production year-over-year and increasing cash flow and operating margins per barrel of oil equivalent.
For the 2018 second quarter, we posted total production growth of 8% year-over-year after adjusting for asset sales, which is roughly 38,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Importantly, we grew our oil volumes 11% adjusted for asset sales, contributing to the increase in our full year oil production guidance of 500,000 barrels. We obtained a 47% increase in our cash flow before working capital changes compared to last year, while growing our adjusted EBITDA per barrel by 16%. This is higher than the percentage increase in oil and gas revenues per BOE, so we continue to create additional margin beyond that which is afforded by the move in oil and NGL prices.
As announced last Thursday, approximately $2 billion of proceeds from our Utica sale will go directly to debt reduction, further strengthening our balance sheet and improving our profitability by eliminating up to $150 million in annual cash interest expense. In addition, the transaction greatly improves our gathering, processing and transportation expenses, yielding a $0.50 per BOE improvement, driven by removing approximately $450 million in projected 2019 GP&T expense and a total of $2.4 billion of future midstream and downstream commitments. Additionally, assuming flat 2018 commodity prices, we anticipate our divestiture of the Utica Shale will increase EBITDA by approximately $0.70 per BOE in 2019.
As also noted in our Utica divestiture release last week, this transaction marks the conclusion of Chesapeake's strategy of asset sales being the primary driver of debt reduction. That strategy was necessary, given the debt profile of the company. Going forward, organic production growth, exploration, strategic acquisitions and portfolio management will drive us to achieve our ultimate goal of improving our leverage ratio to 2x net debt to EBITDA.
We also shared last week that we expect our diverse portfolio to deliver 10% adjusted oil production growth in 2019, and additional growth is anticipated for 2020. Notably, with that oil growth, we project that we can organically replace the EBITDA loss in the Utica transaction within a year through the production ramp we are expecting, principally driven from our Powder River Basin asset.
We believe the production growth and trajectory of the Powder River Basin is now fully evident. Thanks to optimized completions and customized facility design, we recently reached net production of 32,000 barrel oil equivalent per day. And while we currently anticipate our production will reach 38,000 barrel oil equivalent per day by year-end, we've already increased our net oil production in the Powder River Basin by 90% year-to-date with additional growth that will come from a further 28 turn-in-lines anticipated for the remainder of the year.
From a cash flow perspective, I'm especially pleased that we have been able to reduce our cost and cycle times, as drilling times on 3 recent Turner wells are less than 20 days from spud to rig release, and total cycle times are now in the 90-day range. While the Turner continues to drive our Powder program, we anticipate moving to other zones in 2019, another benefit to our acreage unique hotspot advantage.
Oil production from the Powder River Basin is expected to increase by 100% in 2019. And depending on oil price movement, we're considering adding a sixth rig in 2019 to attack those opportunities.
While we are pleased with the progress in the Powder recognized this year, it's not the only asset that has seen significant performance improvement. The South Texas team continues to demonstrate improved capital efficiency, driving costs out of the operation and turning an asset which was cash flow negative even at $100 per barrel as recently as 2014, into one expected to generate approximately $475 million in free cash flow this year.
While South Texas will continue to deliver low-cost, high-margin barrels, the team is also excited to implement our first improved oil recovery project in 2019 and begin development in the Austin Chalk in Upper Eagle Ford, 2 horizons which we believe can provide additional growth opportunities.
Chesapeake continues to produce oil-efficient growth from the Mid-Continent -- or volumes from the Mid-Continent, and we're attempting to reinvent this legacy asset in our portfolio. In many ways, as we work to appraise liquid-rich opportunities across 6 Mid-Continent formations, our technical team sees parallels to the Powder River Basin from a few years ago. Meanwhile, our Oswego volumes continue to decline, with average 30-day production rates of 1,015 barrels oil equivalent per day with over 80% oil cuts, delivering a 50% rate of return.
With the pending sale of the Utica, our gas assets are now even more competitive. Perhaps nowhere in Chesapeake's portfolio has our drilling and completions excellence yielded greater results than in our Gulf Coast asset.
While we are pleased with our progress, we continue to push for greater results, driving innovation and operational excellence to unlock additional value. This starts with our drilling program. We successfully drilled the first 15,000-foot lateral ever drilled in the basin, helping us grow 2018 second quarter production by approximately 15% year-over-year with the exact same number of rigs.
We are repeating that same success in Pennsylvania, where we believe enhanced completions and longer laterals have began to scratch the surface of unlocking greater value from both the Lower and Upper Marcellus formations and, eventually, the deeper Utica formation.
We have just drilled the longest lateral to date in the Lower Marcellus at approximately 13,380 feet and are drilling an even longer plant lateral of approximately 14,500 feet. We expect to place both wells on production before year-end 2018.
In total, we anticipate that Marcellus will generate approximately $300 million in free cash flow in 2018 as the asset continues to define capital efficiency.
I continue to be extremely confident in our future, thanks to our improved balance sheet, higher profitability and simpler overall path to creating shareholder value. We have emerged from our transformation stronger than at any point in our history. We expect to further build on our performance track record in the months and quarters ahead as we continue our relentless drive to achieve our strategic objectives of 2x net debt to EBITDA, enhanced margins and reaching cash flow neutrality.
As I have previously stated, I'm very pleased with our progress, and we look forward to driving differential shareholder value from our high-quality assets. Please go to our website and access our updated asset slide deck for additional detail regarding our operating performance.
We now want to take a few minutes to share more information regarding the balance sheet and our plan of action with the proceeds from the Utica divestiture.

I'm just going to add there, just if you don't mind I'll interject with the last comment around the free cash flow. Just to remind you that each of the assets, with exception of the Powder River Basin, are free cash flow positive today. We anticipate, in 2019, with the increased oil production there and the efficiencies we're seeing that the Powder River will be close to free cash flow positive, and the team is targeting to achieve that. And so the assets are performing outstanding and then as we just look at the larger balance sheet and how we continue to attack that, through further growth exploration and acquisition opportunities is how we'll continue to further delever.

Sure, Charles. Well, happy to provide a little more clarity with that. And as we've stated, we anticipate our 2019 oil volumes to grow by 10%, and this recognition of our ability with the remaining assets post Utica divestiture of being able to replace that EBITDA within a year speaks to the capital efficiency and the cash flow generating capability of our assets. As we look forward to 2019, the reduction in our interest expense, it will help us as we pay down some of the -- some of our debt. But we anticipate that free cash flow neutrality is -- as a primary target, will be something that we have to continue to look at. And as Nick noted, in 2019, we aren't forecasting any major asset sales. But through our own operations from our existing assets, we expect the production growth that will help us in reducing any outspend. Nick's point on the sustainable free cash flow at this point, when you look at 2019, we will accomplish that principally through our organic production growth, but we will also have and continue to look at smaller asset sales and other opportunities for us to generate cash. What we're excited about is that, as I noted, each of the assets are free cash flow positive today with the exception of the Powder, and the oil's growth strength there, we clearly will achieve that in 2020, but targeting with the team to try to achieve that in 2019. So our objective to be free cash flow positive is very strong. And from an operating cash flow basis, we are there. When you look at all the other corporate liabilities that we have, we're making excellent progress on that and expect to share good results with you as we progress.

Let me just add further to that, Charles, that Chesapeake's experience and expertise and the fact that we are the leader in unconventional shale development in the United States gives us tremendous optionality. We are capable of absorbing additional assets, bolt-on assets. And so as Nick noted, the opportunity to where we can utilize and lever our core strengths, we will always be looking for those opportunities.

Yes. Thank you, operator. Just in closing, I just would like to further highlight the confidence we have in our continued progression. Chesapeake is already a top-quartile performer at capital efficiency and the way we run our cash cost and all associated costs in the business. And what we're seeing is continued incremental steps of improvement. And I think the investment community can expect nothing but continued performance. And our excitement and our confidence in things that we're doing is very high. And this is what we consider to believe a very attractive opportunity and our equity as we continue to build on the Utica divestiture and other transformative events that will put us in a position to further round out being a top quartile company in every aspect of our business. So thank you all for your time today, and we'll talk to you all soon. Thank you.