Thank you, Brad, and good morning. We're pleased to release our first quarter earnings and provide an update today on our financial and operational performance. Our strategic priorities remain unchanged, and our foundational progress in transforming Chesapeake into a top-quartile E&P company is evident in our systematic sequential improvements in all aspects of our business. 
In the first quarter, we recognized material progress in enhancing our margins, achieving positive free cash flow and reducing our net debt. The underlying strength of our operations, coupled with higher realized prices, resulted in our best financial performance since before the downturn in 2014. For the second consecutive quarter, we posted stronger-than-expected results on production that grew 11% after adjusting for asset sales. 
We reported adjusted EBITDA of $733 million or $14.70 per barrel of oil equivalent. Importantly, this is a 33% improvement over our EBITDA per BOE from the first quarter of 2017 despite only a 13% increase in oil and gas revenue per BOE. I'm very excited about this greater rate of acceleration of EBITDA than revenue as it demonstrates the greater trajectory of our value growth and not just increasing commodity prices. 
As noted last quarter, much of the improvement in the underlying fundamentals of our business has not been able to accrue to equity holders over the last several periods due to the need to address a variety of financial obligations and other uses of cash. Those cash obligations have been dramatically reduced. As a result, we are showing higher margins and returns. We see this developing trend continuing on the strength of our talented employees, high-quality assets, capital efficiency and cash cost discipline. 
Our operating and technical expertise continues to yield positive results across all of our operating areas. We remain encouraged by our growing operating momentum in the Powder River Basin where we recently added a fourth rig. All 4 rigs are concentrated on the Turner formation where we are currently conducting spacing tests. 
In April, we placed 6 new Turner wells on production, and we are excited about the initial results. After 18 days of production, flowing pressures and early flowback results from the first 3-well, 1,980-foot spacing tests are very encouraging, flowing tubing pressures ranging from 2,700 psi to 3,000 psi while the wells are still cleaning up. We will be sharing more information in the coming weeks as we anticipate peak rates will be achieved within 50 or 60 days of initial production.
Field development planning for the Turner sand is fairly conservative at this stage through well spacing and disciplined choke management. Our approach is unique compared to what you'll hear from other operators as we seek to maximize ultimate recovery and capital efficiency, both of which drive greater profitability. 
As a reminder, we drilled our first Turner test, the Sundquist 9, more than 1 year ago. Today, after roughly 400 days of production, the Sundquist 9 continues to deliver strong results, averaging more than 500 barrels of oil and 1.5 million cubic feet of gas per day for the month of April 2018. This is important because there are very few wells in the United States that produce 500 barrels of oil 1 year after coming online. Current cumulative gross production from this well is approximately 345,000 barrels of oil and 622 million cubic feet of gas or almost 500,000 barrels of oil equivalent, generating revenue to date of approximately 122% compared with total completed well cost. So as you'd expect, we plan to prudently develop this outstanding Cretaceous marine sand. The Powder River Basin will continue to play a key role in our future oil growth. 
In our gas plays, we continue to test new drilling and completion technologies in new and existing stratigraphic horizons. We placed an Upper Marcellus well online in January that has produced at an average 90 day-rate of approximately 18 million cubic feet of gas per day. In the Bossier Shale in Louisiana, our first 10,000-foot lateral has cumulative production of 4 billion cubic feet in its first 150 days production, averaging more than 27 million cubic feet per day and making it the best Bossier well per foot of lateral drill. In the Haynesville, we successfully drilled and completed our first 15,000-foot lateral well and placed that well on production yesterday. In the Utica, we are also improving our results through improved completion designs. 
We are pleased with the significant operational efficiency improvements achieved in recent years. Our relentless drive to be the most efficient operator continues to generate differential performance, as demonstrated by the fact that today, a 4-rig program in the Eagle Ford will maintain a flat production profile compared to the 7 to 10 rigs we historically needed to deploy. This progress is indicative of our capital discipline as we focus on increasing our margins. 
To close and prior to handing the call to Nick, the sequential improvements in our operational and financial performance are clear, and our shareholders will benefit from our foundational transformation and continued progress. Our commitment to our shareholders remains the same: to efficiently grow our cash flow, expand our margins and further reduce our debt. We look forward to demonstrating further progress across all aspects of our business. 
I'll now pass the call to Nick.

Yes. The -- what we're really excited about, and this is what we've tried to highlight here just recently, is that the reduction in the financial obligations at Chesapeake has really put us in a very good position, that operationally, the quality of our assets, the talented employees that we have, the technologies that we're driving, we are very encouraged about what we're going to be able to deliver and how that'll accrue to the common shareholder in the coming quarters and in the future, looking out 2019 and beyond. And while we have not provided the guidance yet for those outer years, what you can expect at this company is we're going to continue to deliver on this sequential performance that we've highlighted. And while we started in a different ditch, we continue to drive sequential improvements that have not been recognized. And we're excited about doing the right thing to Chesapeake, and we are very motivated to capture that for our shareholders. So I think that your question is very good and that you can expect that trajectory to continue in the future.

You bet. Yes, we're excited about that opportunity. And as we highlighted in many of our areas, the completion technologies and drilling technologies have resulted in a lot of operational and profitability improvements. We want to make sure we highlight what other stratigraphic intervals also provide material upside to the company as we go forward in our development program. So specific to the Bossier, I'll turn that to Frank and Jason to comment on some of the details there.

And Biju, just on top of Frank's comments there, that keep in mind that one of the competitive positions that Chesapeake has today is that, in essentially all of our fields, we still remain about 30% developed. So when you start asking about specific well locations and the technical improvements in this company, the answer is we've got a bunch of them. We've got a bunch of opportunity and significant number of locations in every asset. It only gets better with the improvements we're recognizing.

Yes. Thank you. So we appreciate everyone's time this morning. And as we noted, we're very pleased with the quarter. Look forward to updating you on further progress, particularly in the Turner as well as other areas of our business. And we appreciate the interest in the company. And as noted, we have a significant amount of work to do, but we have significant opportunity, and we're very encouraged by the results to date. And we'll look forward to sharing you -- sharing further progress in the coming quarters. Thank you.