Hi. Good morning. Thank you for joining. We're pretty excited today here at Chesapeake, and we're glad you're here. So we're going to do a quick -- just a quick flyover on our quarter. Second quarter was pretty great. We're pretty excited about it. We told you in the first quarter that this company is going to generate a lot of free cash flow. That's what we've done in the second quarter. We did not disappoint. We had $429 million in EBITDAX, $300 million-ish in free cash flow. That went to the balance sheet. That's how you know it's real when it shows up in cash in the bank. And so we're pretty pleased. We don't think this is a onetime event. It's a trend, which is why we're updating our guidance. You'll see we're 16%. We want to raise guidance on EBITDAX by 16%. We reduced G&A by 15%. We're not changing our CapEx and that all feels pretty good.  
We do generate a lot of cash. We have a bunch of cash. The question becomes is what to do with it. We've told you really clearly in our first quarter. The goal is to return cash to shareholders. That's why we started a fixed dividend in the first quarter. We told you at that time that we would define a variable dividend strategy by year-end. Today is that day. So we're going to implement a variable return program that's going to take 50% of our free cash flow quarterly and pay it out. That's going to start in the beginning of next year. We're pretty thrilled to run it. the very bottom of the page, you may have seen this in the previous press release, our commitment to the environment and being a good steward of assets. We are pledged that we will turn our Haynesville area into an RSG basin for us.  
We think that is not only the right thing to do and the smart thing to do, and we're pretty pleased and we're making great progress. Turning to the Vine acquisition, which we're really excited and fired up about. During the quarterly calls and last time and every time I have an investor call, I get a question often about will Chesapeake participate in the A&D market, how will it look? What are the whats, wheres, whens and hows. 
And honestly, we are very picky. And we're picky and we think this acquisition absolutely reflects that. We have what we think are 5 non-negotiables in any transaction. The first non-negotiable is you can't overpay. We don't think we are. This is a 0 premium deal. When you look at it, if you want to calculate the price, you can do it yourself, it's basically the 30-day exchange ratio. That is how we based it. No premium, feels great. We're not overpaying. 
The second non-negotiable is, we're not going to break our balance sheet. We are not Chesapeake of the past. We think this is a competitive advantage. You'll see our leverage is still below our long-term goal, which is sort of fantastic. And we're going to keep it. It was hard to get here. Now you could ask that, hey, did you build some overhang on your stock with the new buying shareholders? And I'd say, maybe you could think about it that way. We don't think about it that way. The Vine Energy shareholders have been very clear on their intent. The intent is they like Chesapeake, they like the story. They want to participate in the upside. And frankly, we're happy to have them.  
Third, non-negotiable. It's got to be accretive. On the metrics that matter. We think this transaction is, you guys will calculate it, we feel great about it. Fourth is, hey, we're looking to be better, not just bigger. And so we think this transaction does it. Better to us means adding low breakeven drilling locations. This transaction does it, it means having scale you combine low breakevens and scale and size, and I think you have a winning formula and to generate a lot of free cash flow. 
We have the locations with this. We're happy about it. We also are going to be the largest Haynesville producer is the scale we're looking for. The beautiful thing about this is this is an area that we've already operated in since 2008. We know the area, we can execute, we will execute. We feel great about it. Finally, we talked about our pledge to be RSG in the Haynesville. We talked about it in our own assets. It was very important to us. not just to do it on those assets, but buy an asset. So our pledge extends also to the Vine acreage.  
Next page, Page 4. Look, picture is a thousand words. The picture tells you the story, which is the our next door neighbor -- It makes total sense. We have the people in place already to execute, and we feel great.  
Next slide, I'm going to keep harping on this about being a good operator. We think it's obviously the right thing to do on ESG. Haynesville is the right place to be. And not only that, we think it is not just right. We also think it is a competitive advantage. It is a smart thing to do. We know that Haynesville gas goes into the LNG complex. We know the buyers of LNG wanted to be certified RSG. We're going to deliver it. We listen to our customers. We want to provide it.  
Turning to Page 6 of the deck. Again, back to the picture tells a thousand words. We talk a lot about basis. You guys talk a lot about basis to us. about the Appalachia. It's obviously a hot topic. The basis is this is perfectly situated to take that out. This is the place to be. We're happy to be building here. It is a core strength for us.  
Page 7, unit cost savings. Synergies are always sort of -- it feels mostly like a guess. It's not a guess for us. We have operations here. We have expertise. We know we can do. I've already mentioned, I don't think anyone has drilled more Haynesville wells than us. We have the people here to execute. So we think these synergies are absolutely real. Page 7, we talk about cash to shareholders. Like to me, this is put your money where your mouth is. It's one thing you talk about generating a lot of free cash flow and about synergies. It's another thing to actually promise to give it back to shareholders.  
First step is we're going to increase our fixed dividend. The synergies that we're talking about, we're going to give to the shareholders. We're going to raise our fixed dividend by 27%. We think it's the right thing to do, and we're happy to do it. Also with the new variable dividend plan that we just discussed, it applies to these assets as well. And so giving that cash to shareholders is what great companies do, and we're happy to be part of it. With that, Nick, why don't you go through the numbers.

Sure, sure. Generally, the CEO search is ongoing. We've had tremendous interest in the position, of course, is what you'd expect. The committee is working in its process. We thought it would take several months. It's on target and so we expect to have answers relatively soon. Certainly, we never thought about who would run the company. We weren't trying to buy a CEO in this transaction. It's absolutely not what's happening here. We wanted to buy the company and the assets. And so we just let that process go. I think what the real question you're sort of answering is on who's the next CEO and what's going to happen is hey, with the strategy change, will we have differences? And the answer is no, strategy is the same. We're telling you we're going to execute this business plan. This is the business plan we're going forward with.

We haven't got that far to think about it.

Sure. So the 370 are premium locations, and we measure that with showing, again, greater than 50% return at $2.50 gas. On Slide 4, I think we give the total location number. So there are a lot more locations and that it's a big asset.  And we're really pleased about how the acreage abuts our position. Generally, we're looking at 4 wells a section here. There are some places we'd probably keep it at 3, and we think there's the potential in the future to down space some areas to 5, but we really haven't baked that into our analysis. 
That would be upside. So look, this is a big asset. The acreage gives us some opportunities to drill longer laterals, and that's really important to thinking about how the value is put together here. And so a lot of locations and a lot of really premium locations at that high rate of return and low gas price.

It's really more the latter. There are a few places where we're going to be able to extend some laterals by combining our acreage position. But Chesapeake has the history of drilling more longer laterals than others. We've done a lot of it. It's a little harder. We have the confidence to do it. We also have the mapping and the seismic and the data to do it well. We can pick our locations very well. And so that's something where you're really bringing an expertise and a technology and a data picture to the equation here that Vine just from a scale perspective, didn't have all of that on their own.

Sure. So first, I would just point out that as you think about our capital allocation year-over-year, we're still at a reinvestment rate that's well below our target. And we think that's really important because we have a commitment and a discipline around how we think about deploying capital in the business. But we're absolutely going to chase return. And the rate of return that's available to us in our South Texas assets today is very attractive. When you think about the fact that we came out with our budget for this year, as we emerged from bankruptcy, and we were wrestling with a $45 to $50 longer-term oil price curve. 
The world is a very different place today and the rate of return opportunity for us is very attractive, and we have production that's in decline. There's no reason we shouldn't be drilling our absolute best locations in South Texas bringing on a few wells in our other areas that are also a great rate of return and stemming that decline in a way that is very accretive to cash flow year-over-year. 
If you look at what we are ultimately going to deliver, again, we're going to have a more stable, longer lived reinvestment rate relative to the cash flow that we can generate with this investment.

There is. There's a 60-day lockup that's been negotiated here. They'll be less than 10% of the fully diluted shares. But really, our conversations with them have been about being a long-term shareholder. They're believers in this story, they're believers in the idea of consolidating for scale, they're believers in natural gas. The story for them offers an opportunity for enhanced returns over what they were able to accomplish, which they accomplished quite a bit as a stand-alone company but they've reached a point here after going public where they felt they were offering -- they had a chance for a better rate of return profile through the combination. We expect Blackstone to be shareholders for a while, and we welcome them as shareholders. They're eager to be shareholders in this combined company.

Sure. I think of my role as the Chairman of the Board. I have not interviewed for the job of CEO. My goal here is just to help guide the company to a better place where I think we're heading.

Sure. Look, number one, we think we have a great gas assets, both in the Marcellus and the Haynesville. We're believers. Eagle Ford is interesting. It's large. It's 1 of our big 3. We think that currently, at the current price is today, it's really attractive to go drill down there. and we're going to do it. We're going to chase returns and that will be sort of our first and foremost goal. Do we have work to do down there? We do. We have costs. We have pipelines we have other stuff that we have to take care of. And that area is going to have to compete for capital. Today, it does. If it ever turns out that we can't compete for capital, then we'll have to do something about it then. But right now, it sure looks good, and we want to keep going.

No, you shouldn't think about it that way. We're going to go to the best return locations. Clearly, the bigger one is South Texas. That's where the activity is going to be. We're going to probably do a handful of wells in Brazos Valley and its core, we think it's best place. And then we'll sort of go from there. The PRB is a little bit of a tail wagging the dog. We are drilling some obligation wells there this year. And it has to start competing, if it doesn't compete, it won't stay around it very long.

So Vine has 3 basic pieces of debt. They have their $950 million of bonds. They have a term loan and they have a revolving credit facility.  The term loan and the revolving credit facility will go away as a result of the transaction, we'll pay those off in cash, and the bonds will stay outstanding. The bonds are due in 2029, will just stack into our maturity profile. And if we get an opportunity to refinance those at some point where it's attractive to do so, and there's not too much friction in the transaction, we would do that.

Yes, Daniel. Absolutely, the 370 locations that we're talking about, those premium locations absolutely pushed their way to the front of the curve. We have our own in that bucket, too, but those wells will compete on day 1. And I would say they're definitely in a tough quarter.

Yes. I mean, look, we're chasing returns. In Appalachia, we have a constraint on how much we can get out. So that's sort of your first baseline best return area. After that, you have to compete and Haynesville gets a bunch of the capital. You can see we'll go from 3 to sort of 6 rigs. And then after that, we'll look at the balance between the 2, between the oil assets. So I would say 3, 6 and then the rest of oil on great cap.

I think we showed you in bankruptcy coming out that 45 to 50, those oil wells didn't attract any capital. And I think if you guide in the long-term price of that, I think you'd have the same result.

We're focused on this transaction, and we focused on them one at a time. So we don't think about the next one necessarily right away. But when you have opportunities to beat those non-negotiables, it is our job to look at them. And so we will continue to look. We will continue to participate in all processes in our areas of operation. But again, pretty hard to get them through the hoop because it's a pretty small hoop. We got a pretty big ball.

Yes. Before we leave, I do have a couple of things to say. Number one, I want to congratulate the Vine team. Eric March, you guys did and team have done a beautiful job. They're a good operator, a clean operator. And it's really attributed to the success of that team is where we are today. They've been nothing but professional. And I would tell you, our team is impressed. So congratulations, Eric and team. I'd also like to thank Blackstone. Blackstone is a new shareholder of ours. We're happy to have them as a shareholder. It's great when you have sophisticated investors who want to be in your stock. We have them. We welcome them. I expect to have a great relationship.