Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. We had another great quarter, and we've announced another important step in improving our business and solidifying our portfolio around our outstanding natural gas assets. We continue to execute our business in the second quarter, generating very strong cash flows through our capital-efficient development. The integration of Vine and Chief into our portfolio has been a success and contributed to the company delivering strong cash flows and returning meaningful capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. 
In fact, year-to-date, we have repurchased shares of our common stock equal to approximately 75% of the shares we issued in the Chief transaction. The consistency of our quarterly execution is a result of continuing to take steps to make our business better, not just bigger, since emerging from restructuring. 
We believe today's decision to reallocate capital from the Eagle Ford to the Haynesville, leading to the Eagle Ford becoming non-core to our future capital allocation strategy is the next step. Our focus on making Chesapeake better underpinned our strategy to acquire the Vine and Chief assets, and has served as the foundation for our strategic pillars, which we believe maximize shareholder value. 
Those are to generate superior capital returns, maintain a deep and attractive inventory, a premier balance sheet and pursue excellence from an environmental and overall ESG standpoint. As the macro environment has evolved, and we continue to be -- and we conclude the successful integration of the Vine and Chief assets into our portfolio, we believe more strongly than ever that we have the premier natural gas portfolio in the U.S. Our Marcellus and Haynesville positions clearly possess the characteristics to finding the best assets. We have industry-leading capital efficiency deep runways of low breakeven inventory situated next to the premier demand centers, strong operating margins and advantaged emissions profiles. 
Additionally, as you will see on Slide 5 in our presentation on our website today, our relative position with capital efficiency, operating efficiency and well performance is peer-leading in both basins. Each of these strengths when combined with our balance sheet, deliver a truly differentiated capital returns profile, which is unmet among the gas names in the space. 
While the Eagle Ford is a strong asset, as we look to the future, it simply does not compete today with the exceptional returns, rock and runway of our gas assets. The Eagle Ford has become non-core to our future capital allocation strategy, and we believe that we will be a better company if we focus all of our resources, both capital and human, on the Marcellus and Haynesville. By doing so, investors will have a clearer path to investing in our great gas assets, and we believe will ultimately value Chesapeake more appropriately relative to the quality of our assets, strength of our balance sheet and magnitude of our capital returns profile. 
With respect to the Eagle Ford, we will now turn our attention to accelerating value for our shareholders through a strategic exit from the basin. This is a large asset across a wide geography with several subsets of asset characteristics. Therefore, in order to maximize shareholder value during an exit, we expect the process may take some time, and could even require multiple transactions. Our approach will be guided by 2 principles. First, anything we do must be accretive to our strategy. Our strong financial position and balance sheet, and the exceptional cash flow generated out of these assets, allow us to be prudent in our approach. 
So this just will not be a fire sale. And second, the proceeds will go to enhancing our capital returns program. As you'll see in our slide deck, our capital returns framework already leads to gas names by a significant margin. This will allow us to make it even better. 
As I stated at the beginning of this call, we'll begin reallocating capital away from the Eagle Ford to the Haynesville. Since the Vine transaction, we've been consistent with our 6-rig program aimed at keeping the Haynesville production relatively flat. We've also shared that we have some short-term constraints, primarily from gathering and treating facilities in the basin. 
As you'll see in Slide 12 of our deck, we've identified a clear path to increasing Haynesville capacity by the second half of 2023, and intend to increase our rig count from 5 where we stood last week to 7 by the end of the year, allowing us to match our production growth to the capacity expansions. Ultimately, we plan to deliver 5% to 7% growth from year-end '22 to year-end '23. 
In closing, we believe Chesapeake is the only gas-weighted company who can definitively say it has the returns profile, assets, balance sheet, access to markets and LNG and ESG performance to deliver across each of these critical areas. We're excited about our sharpened strategic direction and the opportunity to demonstrate that we are the premier gas investment opportunity in the sector. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Yes. Great question, Scott. So on the tax side, I'll answer that first. It's a little early for us to start talking about what the tax implications could be. We'll probably stay away from those details today. There's a lot for us to explore with the buyer universe here and thinking about exactly how an exit here will work. As I noted, I think it's likely to be more than 1 transaction. And so it's probably just a little early to give that kind of guidance. 
On the proceeds, we've talked a lot about how we're valued today, and we've talked a lot about what that means to us and how we think about capital application. And so pretty clearly, we have devoted a significant amount of our free cash flow to returning cash to shareholders, both through an attractive yield as well as through a very sizable buyback. We bought back -- we increased our buyback to $2 billion in June, and we've continued to execute on that. We're up to $670 million total, which is nearly $200 million higher than our last update to the market on that point. And so we're continuing to press that. Given where we're valued today, the capital allocation analysis that would come from a bunch of proceeds from an asset sale is going to lean pretty hard towards buybacks. 
You asked about would we buy something. We've talked a lot about in the past that we think scale matters, but we just achieved pretty great scale in our Haynesville and Marcellus assets. So we feel no pressure need obligation to run out and buy something. We've also been really clear that if we do consider acquisitions, we have our nonnegotiables that are designed to be very protective over accretion and shareholder value creation, and they create a really high bar. And when you have a stock price that you think is undervalued or attractively valued if you're a buyer, that raises the bar even higher. 
So look, we'll continue to run our business the way we have been running it. Capital allocation model at Chesapeake is getting simpler with this. 
So now you have the opportunity to return capital to shareholders or reinvest in the Haynesville and in the Marcellus. Those are your 3 choices. And that's a pretty straightforward analysis when you think about how we are in a position of modestly growing the Haynesville and maintaining our fantastic position in market share in the Marcellus, which is capacity constrained. So that -- again, that analysis is pretty straightforward. We think we can maximize shareholder value by folks staying focused on that pretty tight capital allocation model, and that's what we'll do.

So the answer to the second question is yes, we think there will be capacity to continue to grow beyond 2023. Will we grow is something we will determine over time, at what rate we will grow. But it's really important to have the ability to grow. You referenced and I referenced that the Marcellus is generally constrained. But I would also point out that over the last couple of years, we have managed to grow in the Marcellus, and we think that growth is a function of how competitive our assets are. 
What that basically came from was during the COVID pandemic shutdown, there was capacity that softly opened up in the basin, and we were able to take advantage of that, build it, and we grew production. And so when we have opportunities to grow in the Marcellus, we'll do that. It's really hard to predict those opportunities in an environment where gas prices are high, there should be less of those than when gas prices were low. That said, we'll always pay attention to that opportunity, and then having the ability to grow in the Haynesville is a great lever and we'll be really disciplined and prudent about how we approach that over time. 
In the current moment, we've been able to wind out how we're going to expand takeaway capacity from our gathering and treating facilities, and that gives us confidence to step into from a low single-digit growth rate to a higher single-digit growth rate on an exit basis from -- into '22 to the end of '23, how we'll position '24 and beyond is something that we'll look at as we go through 2023.

Sure. Doug, I'll do my best to answer what I think you asked. You're pretty fuzzy in your voice there. But I -- we came out with a presentation in June, which I think pretty successfully highlighted a lot of the individual characteristics of each of our assets, Haynesville, Marcellus and Eagle Ford. That was intentional. We wanted to start highlighting the asset level quality a bit more on its own as we knew that this decision was potentially coming soon. And I think that did a good job. I think investors have a bit of better clarity as to what the Eagle Ford generates on its own. 
And you asked about the results of this year. We're actually pretty pleased with what we're seeing so far this year. The turn-in lines for the Eagle Ford that are coming out of our capital program are pretty heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. And so that's going to give us quite a bit of volume momentum going into 2023, which is a nice time to be thinking about a decision like this. And so really, what has changed is the super high quality of the Vine and Chief assets as we complete the integration of those assets and think about how it all fits in a long-term capital allocation model. Yes, we can show a capital allocation model that looks quite attractive with the Eagle Ford in it. There's no question about that. 
And we have shown that, and we know the Eagle Ford is in a position to generate a tremendous amount of free cash flow. But we think we can make it better over time by being focused on just the Haynesville and the Marcellus. So this is really about the strength of those 2 assets and how the capital allocation model comes together and how we continue to make it better. 
So we're really -- not a lot has changed other than us clarifying that strategy and beginning to talk about if we're good with the Eagle Ford, we're going to be great in a more refined capital allocation model going forward.

We get calls about all kinds of things all the time, Doug. So we'll just leave that comment with that. Some of those calls you don't know if they're valuable and some of them probably are.

Sure. Thanks, Doug. So you and I have discussed this quite a bit, and I'm sure we'll continue to discuss it. We have an approach here that is all of the above. We've continued to talk about that. We know that quite a few of our investors appreciate that approach. We're going to maintain an open mind about what the best way is to return capital to shareholders. 
And obviously, with an announcement like this today where we're talking about leaning towards buybacks with proceeds given what we see in the valuation of the company today, we think our stock is undervalued. And we think that incremental cash beyond what we've designed in our returns profile should go to buybacks. But we like the approach we have. We like the -- all of the above approach, and so we're going to keep doing that for the moment. 
I think the dividends we're paying out this quarter are fantastic. There's great opportunity to see those grow over time. Obviously, commodity price dependent. That's the nature of a variable. And we think it's a pretty attractive stream of cash for investors.

Yes. A good question, Zach. No, we're expecting a pretty significant amount of free cash flow for the company. So no, it's a free cash flow driven return strategy.

It is flat quarter-over-quarter. And so what we've detailed on the slide in our presentation, around the Haynesville is some -- you can follow a few steps in capacity additions that will come on. A lot of these things are small projects. As we noted the last time, these are constraints at the gathering and treating level. And so you have either a new offtake agreement to use treating capacity with a neighboring system or you have an expansion of existing treating capacity or you have a new offtake line for takeaway that will allow you to bypass some treating. There's a number of different things embedded in this, several different projects, and we've modeled it out for you. So you can see the steps at which it will -- we expect will come online next year.

Well, we've clearly been willing to deploy a lot of free cash flow towards the buyback here in the recent past. And we had an opportunity in the second quarter to do a lot. And so you saw us do that and then you saw us increase the buyback authorization as a result. Will we always work at that pace? 
That kind of depends on what happens in the market and our ability to access sellers stock in larger chunks, we may or may not. We can be opportunistic about that. We have the financial flexibility to do it. I would not expect that to be a straight-line trend. We when we're not buying back at that pace, then free cash flow will be applied to the revolver. So this is not a signal that our balance sheet is going to bloat up here for buybacks. 
In addition, I would just point out that -- and I think some of the notes this morning highlighted, we did have a working capital draw this quarter -- that is purely a function of the timing of hedge settlements relative to when revenue comes in, hedges settle first and revenue comes a month later. So that should normalize in the third quarter. That pulled a bit more on our free cash flow this quarter, and it is purely a short-term timing issue. So no, our balance sheet commitments remain as rock solid as they could be. We -- that is something that you will not see us deviate from.

Okay. We put a slide in the deck today, Subash, that shows capital efficiency as measured by the amount of capital you spend relative to 36 months of production from all new wells that you bring on. And we're really proud of our track record there. We did that just for our gas assets at this time. You can look at it across our whole portfolio as well. And while our Eagle Ford asset has attractive capital efficiency. Our gas asset, capital efficiency is just off the charts good.

Yes. Those are all good questions. So we're still really excited about the LNG opportunity. You saw we announced our first significant contract in the LNG world with this release. We've done a deal to sell some gas to Golden Pass. What's unique about that contract is that it does give credit for us producing responsibly sourced gas. So we think this is a good step towards recognition of what responsibly sourced gas means to the LNG buyer universe. We can't go into the details of pricing we received there, other than just to point out that it's a domestic price. We didn't do a deal on TTF or something here. And we're pleased with the price. We think this is a better price than we would get just from putting gas in a pipe and sending it out. 
And so it's a great transaction for us. It gives you surety of flow. It gives you surety of differential. And we think we've made a good deal on both of those points. We'll continue to stay focused on LNG from the standpoint of how do you get the best pricing contracts. We've talked a lot about how -- if you're going to pursue LNG on an internationally priced basis, you need to think about it as a diversification strategy, and we still very much think about it that way. And so what's the best way to get that? 
You do need to be large, you need to be responsible. You need to be a great operator. You need to have a depth of inventory and quality of inventory that buyers understand that if they're buying something from you over a 5-, 10-, 15-year contract, you'll be there to deliver. So you need to be resilient from a quality of inventory standpoint, but also from an environmental standpoint. 
And when you stack all of that together, we think we are a preferred seller of gas into the LNG world. We're right there on the doorstep of the facilities. We have a tremendous amount of gas. We have good connectivity to market. There's a lot of projects that are in the works to increase the connectivity to market and increase the connectivity directly to certain facilities. So you can imagine that today, it is competitive. And those strengths of depth and quality of inventory, the ESG position that we have, our overall operating efficiency play all its strengths into that discussion.

Sure. I'll take that, Noel, and others may have things to chime in with here. We pay really close attention to inflation. And obviously, inflation has been a big theme in 2022. We talk very often and in depth with our service providers about how they think about capacity in the industry, and they're making very rational decisions not dissimilar to how the upstream has responded to these higher prices here over the last, call it, 18 months. And so they're being prudent and disciplined about how and when they decide to bring incremental capacity to the market. But there is incremental capacity showing up. 
It's not showing up at the rate that it has in past cycles. And frankly, that's probably healthier. So we are seeing inflation, but we also are seeing some additions to capacity albeit at a slower scale than in past cycles. So I think the cycle continues to play out the way it always does. There is significant margin to be had. So therefore, people will bring capacity to market. But it seems to be working healthier than it has in the past. We think that will continue. Overall, we have a great relationship with our service providers. We remain an operator of choice. We push our suppliers on performance. And when we achieved great performance they make more money. And so it's a very symbiotic and great relationship. That's the way we structure our contracts, and that works well for us.

Yes. We kind of like the fact that we showed the first 90 days of production, 17 of the top 20 wells are by Chesapeake. But then we also balance that by showing the amount of capital that we have to spend to bring on production over a several year period, and do we shine in both. And so we bring on wells, dig in the beginning. We don't spend a lot of money relative to others to do it, and they're holding up well. 
So it really -- when you think about what this slide highlights -- and then also operating efficiency, our cost structure is quite competitive. We don't have any liquids contribution and yet we're hanging out in a pretty competitive spot from a margin standpoint. And so when you think about all of the pieces here, it really is about rock returns and runway. 
And we can deliver all of these returns today, and we can do it for a very long time given the depth of inventory we put together as we've continued to make this company better through the acquisitions that we've done with Vine and Chief. We're achieving the synergies that we sought there. We're pushing for a lot of incremental synergies beyond what we were able to identify, day 1. When you have the kind of scale and operating capability we have in a basin like this. 
You're running the rigs, we're running. You have the history, you have the data, you have the ability to execute and the service provider relationships, you can continue to perform at a high level. And that's something that we take a lot of pride in. Our team works very, very hard on every day and delivers a fantastic result. And so this takes every employee at Chesapeake to deliver on this kind of performance. We're very proud of that, and we expect to continue to do that over the long haul, and know that with the quality of rock, as Josh said, but then also the quality of operations, we sit at the top. 
Okay. I think that's probably the last question. So in closing, I just want to comment that we recognize that accelerating value for shareholders through a strategic exit of our Eagle Ford will not happen overnight. However, I would like to reiterate our key principles for this process. We'll ensure that it's accretive to our strategy. And with our balance sheet and the cash flow from these assets, we can be prudent in that approach, and we're looking forward to applying the proceeds through our capital allocation philosophy, which is going to lean towards our leading capital returns program. 
We're very excited about this, and I hope you all can sense that. The confidence we have in the strategic direction we're undertaking is very, very high. It's both firmly grounded, and our belief that Chesapeake has the strongest assets, capital returns and balance sheet of any gas name today and that by focusing on all of our attention on the Marcellus and Haynesville will demonstrate that we're the premier gas investment opportunity in the sector. 
We look forward to updating you on the progress as we move along, and we'll talk to everybody soon.