Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share with you today Chesapeake Energy's third quarter performance highlights and to affirm our full year 2019 guidance range for production and capital expenditures as well as share directional guidance regarding our 2020 capital program. Despite significant commodity price volatility, Chesapeake continues to deliver higher margins and balance sheet improvement while positioning for sustainable free cash flow generation. 
In the third quarter, we achieved several notable milestones, highlighted by record production in the Brazos Valley asset, continued capital efficiency improvements as demonstrated by shorter cycle times, greater productivity and lower CapEx. Cash cost reductions were recognized on an absolute basis across G&A, LOE and GP&T as compared to the second quarter. 
As you'll recall, we raised our full year production -- oil production guidance in the second quarter. And despite a few operational and timing challenges in the third quarter, we remain confident in delivering production and capital expenditures within our full year guidance range due to the balance and strength of our portfolio.
Turning to our assets. Our progress continues in Brazos Valley, which set a new monthly production record in October of approximately 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including more than 40,000 barrels of oil per day despite running 1 less rig in the 2018 program. 
Our capital efficiency improvements continued to deliver impressive results. The team has turned 13 wells to sales this year with a peak rate above 1,000 barrels of oil per day, while averaging 824 barrels of oil per day at peak rates in the third quarter. We have also reduced cost per lateral foot by approximately 21% since our acquisition. 
Additionally, we have made significant improvement to the field's base decline through our well optimization and work over program. Importantly, as our subsurface understanding evolves, the commercial black oil window of the field continues to expand, further growing our deep inventory of high-margin future oil locations. The development program in our legacy South Texas asset continues to deliver as we turned in line the majority of our new drill completions in the latter part of the third quarter. As a result, our production in the basin has steadily grown since the beginning of the fourth quarter, averaging approximately 58,000 barrels of oil per day in October. Further, cycle times continued to improve. And importantly, even after drilling roughly 3,000 wells in the field, we recognized an 8% improvement in cycle time this quarter. Additionally, our drilling team set a single-well field footage record of 6,800 feet in 1 day during October. 
In the Powder River Basin, the company continues to eliminate operating costs in the Turner development program. Year-to-date, we have reduced cycle times by 25% year-over-year and recognized per-well savings of approximately 10% or $800,000. Our efficiency enhancements have resulted in a recent Turner pad being drilled and completed for approximately $6 million per well. The last 25 wells turned to sales in the Turner have averaged approximately $7.2 million per well.
While we continue to improve our capital and operational efficiency in the Powder, production volumes were below our expectations in the third quarter due to a group of isolated wells located in the northern edge of our Turner acreage, which encountered lesser reservoir quality, resulting in lower-than-expected performance compared to other Chesapeake wells. 
Additionally, field production was adversely affected by third-party electrical outages that have interrupted our midstream takeaway. We are actively working with our third-party utility and midstream partners to mitigate recent power constraints. 
As we have discussed at length, we remain excited about the stacked pay potential of the Powder River Basin. We recently placed on production our first Niobrara well since 2014, achieving record results. With a longer lateral and a modern completion design, the well has quickly become the best-performing Niobrara well in the basin, reaching a 24-hour peak rate of 1,600 barrels of oil per day while producing more than 106,000 barrels of oil in its initial 87 days. We anticipate turning 4 additional Niobrara wells to sales in the fourth quarter and expect approximately 25% of our 2020 Powder River Basin capital program will be directed towards the Niobrara formation. 
In the Marcellus shale, capital efficiency gains continue to result in prolific well performance, highlighted by 9 recent wells reaching peak 24-hour flow rates between 60 million to 85 million cubic feet of gas per day. The quality of our Marcellus acreage and operational efficiencies positions Chesapeake to continue our strategy of maintaining relatively flat operated production to capture the value from seasonal basin congestion and pricing with minimal investment required. 
We continued to improve our cash cost structure across the company. In addition to quarter-over-quarter reductions in all cash cost categories, we also made meaningful progress in reducing our GP&T and G&A expenses by a total of $109 million compared to the third quarter of 2018. We also restructured several gathering and transportation agreements during the quarter. The progress we made this quarter in improving our future midstream and downstream commitments is significant. 
First, we were able to restructure our gas gathering and treating agreements in South Texas from a cost of service to a fixed fee structure. Second, we negotiated a new Brazos Valley crude transportation agreement via pipeline, which provides access to premium Gulf Coast markets. And finally, we are currently in the RFP process to award additional Brazos Valley wellhead crude gathering business. 
On the balance sheet, we reduced approximately $733 million of face value of debt and preferred shares in exchange for approximately 319 million common shares, resulting in total debt decreasing to approximately $9.7 billion compared to $10.2 billion at June 30. We believe these transactions, along with our planned reduction in capital expenditures next year and other efficiency measures, will reduce our debt levels and improve the ratios under our revolver. Additionally, we reaffirmed the borrowing base for our Chesapeake credit facility with no change. In the Brazos Valley facility, retermination will happen later this year. 
We continue to evaluate multiple opportunities that can further improve our balance sheet, including divestitures, deleveraging acquisitions and capital funding options. Finally, we have a significant portion of our 2020 production volumes hedged, with approximately 265 billion cubic feet of gas and 17 million barrels of oil hedged at $2.76 per Mcf and $59.28 per barrel of oil. 
We have a proven track record of capital efficiency and cash cost leadership across our business, and we look forward to further improvements in the year ahead. Due to lower commodity prices, we have updated our 2020 forecast to reflect an approximate 30% reduction in our drilling and completion activity. While we will provide full detailed guidance at a later date, we currently anticipate delivering flat oil production while utilizing 10 to 13 rigs and project between $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion in total capital expenditures. We will continue directing the majority of our capital to our highest-margin oil assets, and our capital spend will be ultimately be determined by commodity prices in 2020. 
Additionally, we expect to reduce our production and G&A-related expenses by approximately 10%, continuing our track record of cash cost leadership. We believe this capital program, along with our strong projected finish to 2019 and continued capital efficiency improvements will position us to target free cash flow in 2020. 
We remain confident in our strategy, asset portfolio and our talented employees, and we'll continue to utilize all of our resources to drive for greater shareholder value and returns. Our Board, management and employees are fully aligned and focused on our strategic plan priorities of delivering higher margins, sustainable free cash flow and further delevering our balance sheet to achieve a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2x. The volatile commodity price environment has pressured the speed and timing of accomplishing these goals, but we will continue to make incremental progress and improve our competitiveness and profitability. 
I'd now like to turn the call over for a few questions.

Yes. Sure. Thank you, Devin, for the question. We actually, because of the quality of the portfolio and the strength of the assets, see a reduction taking place in activity across most of the assets. While we are not -- have not finalized exactly where the rig count will be next year, what we do know is that $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion will be directed across the higher-margin oil assets. So you'll see 2 to 3 rigs in the Powder, 2 to 3 in South Texas, 2 to 3 in Brazos Valley and 2 to 3 in the Marcellus asset. 
That will vary based on pricing, and we have that flexibility in our program that we can make those adjustments. But due to the quality of the assets and the high-grading of where we direct the capital, we expect to see reductions across each of the assets and that competitive capital tension that has proven to be so helpful to us in the past.

I think the best way to look at that is we are -- we continue, as I was trying to highlight there in my comments, to make quarter-over-quarter improvements. So I think you can expect to see that continue across the year. 
Specific targets for LOE and G&A as we attack all parts of the cost structure in G&A and LOE. We see continued efficiencies and synergies either through technology or through more efficient ways to do our business. We really project that to be across the year and more a reduction on an absolute basis compared to 2019. 
The way I look at that is that, historically, the company has continued to make improvements in those areas to find better ways to do things, to find better and more efficient ways to operate, and that continued reduction is really just a reflection of the operating philosophy that we've had over the past several years.

Yes. Subash, we have a number of opportunities like that, whether it be nontraditional assets in our portfolio, whether it be opportunities for noncore areas across the acreage, across the country or as we look to evaluate and -- in the current market opportunities to divest of a larger asset. So I think that that's a space to continue to watch. 
We are seeing interest in different things, some the nontraditional, some the noncore. And we'll continue to focus on that as a primary and principal way of further delevering.

Sure. As we forecasted, because of the reduced capital spend on the gas side next year and maintaining the oil production, it will likely maintain that 25% to 30% on the ratio as we exit 2020.

Well, as you'd expect, if we're not investing a significant amount of capital, you'll see our gas production decline. In the Marcellus, we anticipate to be relatively flat, Arun, for the year running 2 to 3 rigs up there. And the capital efficiency and the quality of the asset, the rock that we have in the Marcellus is just outstanding. 
You made a comment about the greater macro environment, and I think that that's an interesting comment. Because when you see a company like Chesapeake with the strength and quality of our gas portfolio, reducing capital, I think it should be a good indication of directionally where others should be reducing activity as well. We are -- we have that gas lever available to us in our portfolio. At present, we don't want to invest there because of the higher margin, greater returns we can get from our oil assets. And I think that from a macro level, you'll see others reduce or pull back spending because the -- if a company like Chesapeake is investing with the quality of our inventory, it ought to be an indicator that other others shouldn't be either.

I might just add on that, Brian, that -- pardon me, just for a second there, that really the culmination of all the work that's taking place in Chesapeake, the capital efficiency improvements, the cash cost structure that we've recognized over the past several years is what positions us in this volatile period to be able to reduce the capital and maintain that relatively flat oil production. 
So we are ever mindful of what those impacts are to future cash flows with a reduced capital program. But because of that capital efficiency, the quality of our assets, the allocation of capital across the portfolio, we have confidence in a reduced program to the tune of 30% that doesn't compromise those later years. 
Now indeed, if you're not investing with the given decline rate and nature of the shale production profile, you're going to see a need to fight that decline. But that's really what we're trying to communicate is that the capital efficiency and at that spend level will be roughly in that flat type of range, as Frank highlighted.

We've actually -- we're assuming current market prices. Actually, what we've been modeling is something a little less than current strip. So I think we're in pretty good shape as we forecast how that's going to turn out in the year.

Yes. That's a good question. The gas still -- assets are still a very important and critical part of our portfolio that give us balance and diversity that we really, really like.  The quality of the Marcellus is simply outstanding, and the cash flow projection and profile there that we expect over the next several years is quite significant and quite meaningful to us. The reduced activity in the Haynesville, as you would expect and how we model our cash flows there, we fully incorporate that profile, that decline that we'll experience until we start redirecting capital that direction again. And that's all been considered and weighed into the covenant situation and the projected cash flow and returns and free cash flow neutrality and the sustainable free cash flow that we seek to deliver in the coming years. 
So it's -- the way I'd look at that and answer the question is that the gas assets are very important and critical to Chesapeake. They're a tremendous lever, and we evaluate the capital program and the cash flows very closely with respect to our financial performance and future profitability of the company.

Yes. Thank you for joining us today. And just to reiterate, our confidence in our program and execution of our strategy remains very high. Our oil production will continue to ramp in the last few months of the year, growing over 10% in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter, and we're on track to meet our 2019 production and capital guidance. 
Looking forward to the year ahead, we'll reduce our capital spend by approximately 30%, as I shared, on delivering flat oil production and maximizing our cash flow. Our capital efficiency improvements, combined with the proposed development plan, positions the company to target free cash flow in 2020. And we'll continue to build a business, which is resilient to the fluctuation of the commodity market. 
This concludes our conference call. And if you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to us. We're happy to address any questions. Thank you.