Thank you, Gordon, and good morning. I'm pleased today to report Chesapeake's continued strategic progress. The second quarter featured increased oil production and enhanced capital efficiency, which continue to drive margin growth as we advance towards sustainable free cash flow. We're maximizing the value of our diverse portfolio through a returns-focused capital allocation strategy, and we're prudently managing our debt maturities to maintain future liquidity. 
On the call today, you will hear reference to our rate of change, which simply stated highlights the ongoing transformational improvements that are reflected in our past performance, current business delivery and future value growth proposition. You will also hear reference to our scale, which emphasizes the size, strength and diversity of our portfolio. Our scale provides the foundation for competitive and differential economic resource development. 
You'll also hear reference to our technical and operating capability, which combined with our scale and rate of change drive differential capital efficiency, cash cost leadership and future growth. During the quarter, Chesapeake produced a record 122,000 barrels of oil per day, and we increased our oil mix percentage to a record 25% of total production. The oil volume increase is driven by the successful integration of our Brazos Valley asset, steady growth from the Powder River Basin and improved base production performance from South Texas and the Mid-Continent. 
Accordingly, we have raised the midpoint of our full year 2019 oil production guidance by approximately 250,000 barrels. Higher oil volumes and our focus on cash cost leadership yielded the highest second quarter margin per BOE in 5 years.
We have lowered our full year guidance for production expense as well as gathering, processing and transportation expense. I'm very excited with the rapid progress we have made in our new Brazos Valley asset. After only 5 months from closing, we have a clearly defined plan to fully achieve the forecasted annual [ synergy ] savings of $250 million to $280 million per year. We'll continue to build upon the cash cost improvements and capital efficiencies identified. 
Notably, we see further opportunity to the projected $600,000 capital reduction realized on a per well basis as we've recognized up to $2 million in savings on certain wells. As a result of our capital efficiency, we have lowered the breakeven oil price for our Brazos Valley well to $39 per barrel, an approximate 26% improvement. 
Oil production is poised to increase during the second half of 2019. We expect to turn in line approximately 170 oil wells in the Powder River Basin, South Texas and Brazos Valley assets, an increase of roughly 50% over the first half of 2019. 
In a few moments, Frank will share more with you on our asset-level progress. Capital spending for the quarter was in line with our guidance, and we remain confident in our full year forecast. As a reminder, we have downside protection for approximately 75% of our 2019 oil and gas volumes. We'll continue to pursue asset sales to further reduce debt.  Nick will share additional detail on our liquidity, liability management and financial improvements for the quarter. 
As noted in our earnings release, in 2020, we expect to allocate more capital to oil growth areas with less capital going towards our gas assets. As a result, with an approximately flat capital program to 2019, we project our 2020 oil volumes will show double-digit percentage growth over 2019 while our gas volumes will show a double-digit percentage decline. Importantly, our projected adjusted EBITDAX remains approximately the same at 2019 levels using today's lower NYMEX strip pricing and our current hedge position. We look forward to driving further value from our diverse portfolio and capital discipline in 2020 and beyond. 
We'll remain flexible and prudent with our capital allocation, using our scale and operating efficiency to drive value in this volatile pricing environment. I'm excited about the future of Chesapeake Energy and the value that we have to offer. Our employees, leadership and Board are driven and committed to achieving our strategic priorities of reducing our leverage metrics, improving margins through continued oil growth and achieving sustainable free cash flow from our portfolio of high-quality assets. 
I'll now turn the call over to Frank for some further commentary on our oil growth and other operational achievements from the second quarter.

Sure, Devin. I appreciate the question. The focus of the company is obviously to drive where we can capture the greatest returns. We are very fortunate to have extremely strong gas assets, which we have a lot of confidence in. The breakeven in Marcellus is extremely low and very, very competitive, and we obviously still have some takeaway constraints up there just with the infrastructure that exists in the Northeast. So that remains one of the very top rate-of-return investments in our portfolio and we expect that production to remain relatively flat as it has for the past few years. The oil assets, the margin enhancement and things that we're driving for with the free cash flow -- sustainable free cash flow growth that we're targeting, that's all going to be driven by the oil investments. Notably, the base and execution in South Texas and then the growth in Brazos Valley and the Powder River. So obviously that leaves us with the Haynesville, which given current pricing and the flexibility we have, we will react accordingly as we have reduced that activity substantially there currently and forecasted a very low activity level with current pricing. And if you see we were to recognize better prices in 2020, we will constantly evaluate that capital allocation and direct investments where we can capture best return. That said though, the economics and the margins that we're capturing from the oil investment make it difficult to see a lot of capital going back towards the Haynesville anytime in the near future. So where we sit is basically a lot of strength with the Marcellus. We'll continue to monitor that production level there, but very pleased with the performance and execution and what we can deliver from that asset. And the bulk of the capital, as this year, will be directed towards all the oil growth.

Devin, I might just add on top of Nick's comments there that -- our goal of deleveraging and when you look at the future of the company, we have a clear line of sight with the oil assets and the strength and quality of the portfolio to delever organically, as you said, over time. However, our focus is to accelerate that as quickly as possible. And so whether it's non-core, small or even larger assets, as market conditions dictate, we will remain open and focused on that deleveraging priority, which still remains our #1 strategic priority. So we've got a few things that are in the works, as Nick highlighted, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to further delever and accelerate that deleveraging that we have described.

So it's a great question. And as you know, the Haynesville is a tremendously productive asset and very, very dependent upon commodity prices. And what we love is that the team there has done such a good job around capital efficiency and productivity and the investment profile there is essentially at our discretion. And as we look, as Nick highlighted there, I think it was very well said that even when we look at 2020, the decline and the current GP&T commitments were not significant enough that it says we're going to direct capital there to satisfy a GP&T obligation. And so as we look out into 2021 and beyond, then we will continue to look at how we can best maximize those volumes to satisfy those legacy GP&T commitments. We also are excited about other opportunities in the Haynesville area, particularly in respect of the Cotton Valley. Cotton Valley is an area that -- or a horizon that has -- we have not actively invested in to my knowledge here at Chesapeake, and we have a great acreage position that we can continue to look for economic development there in the future. So I think it's a good question. It's something that we're not really that concerned about, and we'll direct capital there and make the best investment decisions with the continued priority of driving the greatest margins and achieving that sustainable free cash flow.

Charles, so we really don't have an obligated CapEx or lease expiration or commitment that obligates us to a particular capital level. As we think about our capital allocation and the flexibility that we have achieved over the past several years, we have tremendous flexibility in how we choose our CapEx program and where we direct those investments. As we think about how we generate the greatest value, given any particular asset decline, given the margins that we're trying to capture, given the free cash flow development, how we optimize the NAV of the company over time, we will rigorously evaluate each of the investments. And what is great and I love is that we have a tremendous amount of flexibility. The capital efficiencies that have been driven into our program that resulted in lower breakevens. We've seen, as Frank highlighted in some detail there, that each of the asset areas, the rate of change that we've accomplished results in greater productivity and greater capital efficiency. And so we're not projecting a meaningful outspend in 2020, and we'll continue to evaluate pricing and the economics and how we best optimize the capital investment and the production over that near term or 1- to 2-year window. We also continue to look at hedging. We haven't provided the guidance out there, but we've established some meaningful hedges for 2020. And we're confident in our ability to continue to perform and achieve our strategic metrics.

Sure, Josh. No, we have not provided guidance for next year. Obviously, pricing makes a big impact on that. And as we look, we are obviously going to be driving towards being free cash flow positive just absolutely as quickly as possible. And I think that the best thing to do is to look at the rate of change and what we've accomplished and the productivity of our wells, the continued improvement in our capital efficiency, and we are definitely not saying that we're going to be -- have an outspend next year, because as Nick highlighted, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility in our capital allocation. And so the key is what he said and I'll reiterate, is that we have great flexibility in our program, we have tremendous assets, we'll continue to adjust and look for opportunities to further improve our productivity and capital efficiency, and we'll continue to look at asset sales and how we can best manage the portfolio for long-term value. And the progress that we've made up to this point in time gives us tremendous flexibility and options going forward. And so I think the best thing to look at is the rate of change and the stability that's in our company and program today. We'll continue to build upon that in 2020 and 2021. We'll be pursuing that positive free cash flow just as quickly as we possibly can with the tremendous portfolio that we have.

It's both, and it will be as rapid as we possibly can and what makes the most sense for our long-term value-creation story. But there is no question that the strength and quality of the portfolio, that we can do that organically with the growth that we expect from our oil assets, and we will continue to monitor and look for opportunities with small and potentially bigger asset sales to accelerate that.

Yes, sure, Neal. We're all very excited about it and encouraged by the capital efficiency and those productivity gains we're capturing, and indeed, that there are opportunities for us to potentially accelerate. But the balance that we have to look at in this portfolio, given the debt that we have and incurring additional cost, we're just are very mindful of how we manage through this commodity volatility that we're seeing. And so we will constantly evaluate the option there. We see opportunities. We can increase the rigs in both assets, but we are targeted on the most efficient development plan that we can possibly capture. And we're not going to react to just a 1-month or 2-month type of price, particularly on oil. We're looking for the long term, making adjustments on the gas because of the greater macro issues that exist there. And it's always an option, but at present, that's not something that we're thinking about.

Yes. Thank you, operator. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Just to reiterate what's ahead, you'll will continue to see Chesapeake execute on our priorities and driving change throughout all of our assets as we look to deliver record oil production and a record oil production mix in 2019, followed by the stated double-digit oil growth that we expect on relatively flat capital in 2020. We continue to be targeting to improve margins as we increase our production through lower GP&T and another cash cost. And as we noted, we will be reducing our gas activity and forecasting double-digit decline in gas in 2020 at current pricing. We have a tremendous amount of confidence in our ability to continue with the momentum that we have and building on the rate of change that we've stated today. With our scale and diverse portfolio and disciplined approach to allocating capital to the highest-return opportunities, we're very well positioned to deliver value for our shareholders. We thank you, everyone, for your time today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to us. Thank you.