Good morning, and thank you all for joining our call. Before we get to Q&A this morning, I want to cover 3 topics that we believe are most important to our shareholders. The first is our strong third quarter execution, second is our industry-leading cash returns and the third is our strategy to continue our momentum into 2023 and be LNG ready.
So to start off, we had another strong quarter operationally. We delivered on our production in the Haynesville and Marcellus and had some great well results in the Eagle Ford. We did experience a few delays in Eagle Ford production due to facility delays that pushed some volumes into Q4, but believe those will be temporary.  
We're reaffirming our annual production and CapEx guidance ranges for 2022, reflecting our confidence in our delivery as we finish out the year. In the Haynesville, we've made significant strides with midstream capacity. We've increased our gathering and treating capacity by 25% for this year and up to 60% in out years. We've also committed 700 million cubic feet a day to a new pipeline to be built by momentum from the heart of the Haynesville play down to [ Gilles. ] This project also has an associated carbon capture and sequestration program with it.  
And we're really excited to be a part of this, we think, unique and transformational project. We have an opportunity to participate in up to 35% of the equity of the project, and we expect to take that option. This gives us greater than a Bcf day or more than 50% of 2024 and beyond Haynesville volumes that are contracted for Gulf Coast delivery and pricing with both the Momentum pipe and our Golden Pass transaction. 
In the Marcellus, our synergies from the Chief acquisition continue to come to fruition. As we've discussed before, we're maximizing the capacity of the combined gathering systems. And we're looking forward to 2023, where our well design improvements of longer lateral length and enhanced completions should show up with improved productivity per well. 
We've also been able to add a little bit of leasehold in the Lower Marcellus core of the play, which we're really pleased to do. Looking forward in the Marcellus, we're moving to a co-development of the Upper Marcellus in the core of the basin to optimize development of all zones of inventory. We expect the 2023 program to be about 50% Upper Marcellus and Lower Marcellus. 
This will bring the average well performance down marginally, but does maximize overall inventory returns. And combined, the Lower and Upper Marcellus remain the top natural gas return opportunity in the U.S. On the Eagle Ford, I'm sure you all have questions about the process. We have no new news to report this morning other than the process is moving along very well, and it's too early for any results. 
We've been very pleased in the breadth of the interest in the assets and we'll report results when available. Turning to our cash returns. Our model continues to lead the industry in delivering returns to shareholders. We generated $773 million of adjusted free cash flow in the third quarter. And this yielded $3.16 per share of total dividends to be paid this quarter. 
Additionally, we recently purchased $400 million of shares from former creditors. This brings buybacks on the years to $1.1 billion, 80% of which have come from -- directly from former creditors. Our total returns to date, including buybacks and dividends, totaled $1.9 billion this year. We're really proud that Chesapeake stands alone at directing its free cash flow to meaningful actual cash returns. 
During the quarter, we also were able to simplify our capital structure with the warrant exchange. That resulted in eliminating 2/3 of the outstanding warrants, and it also resulted in a reduction of our short interest by 55%. We're pleased that when you combine this with our repurchase efforts, we're still able to lower our fully diluted share count.
Separately, we continue to work with the rating agencies in recognition of our investment-grade quality balance sheet, and we're pleased that S&P upgraded us to BB this month. So to wrap up, I want to talk about how we're positioned for 2023. Our Marcellus program will remain steady and continue to highlight leading capital efficiency and the very best returns of all gas opportunities in North America. 
In the new slides we posted today, we added some slides that lay out our Haynesville market strategy. We expect to leverage our capital efficiency leadership our growth flexibility and our midstream partnerships to participate Chesapeake to be LNG-ready as the macro tailwinds from the significant increase in demand due to export capacity expansions arrive in the second half of the decade. 
We've been consistent in our message to grow and capacity additions are available to meet incremental demand. As export capacity doesn't begin to increase until at least 2024, we're setting up our near-term volumes to be relatively flat and begin to ramp slowly as we approach 2024. We're truly excited about what this setup means for our shareholders as we're uniquely positioned to deliver differential shareholder value over the next several years due to our superior capital returns, deep attractive inventory in the best places and a premier balance sheet, all while doing things with a focus on sustainability. 
Andrew, we'll open it up for questions now.

Yes. Great question, Scott. It's super important. I'll talk a bit about this and others may have something to add in here. But we have seen constraints. We've been talking about that for a number of quarters, and we've been active in contracting for incremental capacity, both on the gathering side as well as the treating side. 
We've also now contracted for incremental takeaway with the momentum pipe. And so we are positioning for what we do think is an opportunity to grow over the next few years. But in the near term, we really don't see any need for growth. And so 2023 is probably setting up to be about flat on a year-over-year basis but we'll have -- as we talked about last quarter, we'll have an exit to exit growth rate. So when you think about what we've done in the Haynesville, the beginning of last year, as we were integrating the buying assets and recognizing some of the constraints that existed, we dropped to 5 rigs. 
There's a lag effect on the reduction in rig count like that, and we're seeing lower turn in lines as a result of that reduction in rig count show up now in the fourth quarter as well as into the first quarter of 2023. That's really all exactly as expected and the capacity additions that we've contracted for, and you can see on that map on Slide 23 that you referenced, they do begin to show up as we move through 2023 and get into 2024. 
So we're right in line with aligning our volumes to capacity additions as we've been talking about. So volumes ticked down a little bit in the first quarter of '23 and then as we build our activity moving through the year, we'll see an exit to exit growth. And again, we think this is all very well timed with where we think the longer-term supply-demand dynamics will head, and we're pretty pleased with the setup.

First quarter of '23 should be a little bit of a downtick from there, yes.

Sure. So the pipe itself will deliver gas to [ Gilles. ] And so we'll pay a rate which isn't disclosed for -- we can't disclose it for the terms of the contract. But if you look at the market out there for FT in the basin, we think this is right in line with what other pipes are charging. 
We ran a pretty competitive RFP to determine which pipe we would participate in and ultimately selected this one. So we felt it was a really attractive overall rate on the pipe as well as market delivery solution and then the carbon capture piece was quite helpful as well. Momentum is also going to build a bit of gathering for us in the field. There was a couple of sections on the vine acreage that had yet to be contracted for wellhead gathering. 
So we've been able to tie that into this entire contract and get that done at a very attractive rate as well. The carbon capture element of it is going to take longer to be built out than just the delivery to Gilles. But the way this will work is that we will deliver the gas to Gilles inclusive of CO2, so it won't be CO2 treated in the field. 
The CO2 will all be removed at the delivery point, so you'll have scale in the removal of the CO2 before it goes further downstream to market. And then with that scale, you can afford to sequester the carbon. So we think it's a really innovative project. We're excited to be a part of it. And it's not done yet.
We still have to finish the contracts and the documentation around the equity participation. But we do intend to do that. The cost to participate in the equity, of course, it's a projection, not completely known, but we would estimate probably around $350 million over a couple of year period. And again, the return on that investment to us should be quite attractive.

Great question, Umang. We spent a lot of time talking about the macro lately. It has certainly been volatile, as you suggest. And it has been headed a bit lower. The great thing about the gas market today is, well, it's been volatile and well, it's been headed a bit lower. We're still talking about gas prices at which our company makes a really attractive profit. 
And we generate great cash flows for shareholders. So we think we're really well prepared for either a weaker gas price environment or if it does turn cold and gas prices go back to being more robust, we're obviously prepared for that as well. I would tell you that based on the setup of growing supply that we see across the market today and demand that is really going to rely on weather in the short term, we certainly have our -- we're very well prepared for a weaker gas market here as we move into 2023. 
And we can't predict it, don't know if that will actually happen but if it does, we'll be ready for that. At what price would we reduce activity in the Haynesville is a great question. And there's no real hard and fast answer to that, Umang. It depends on a handful of things. One, it depends on how the curve reacts relative to just the nearest term months on the curve. And it depends on how we see the dynamics that affect that. So what the drivers really look like they are. 
We do remain super bullish on the longer-term supply-demand fundamentals, particularly for the Haynesville, but really for the U.S. as a whole. And so we will pay very close attention to the 2023 and 2024 setup as to really how that supply/demand is going to play out and the timing that, that growth and demand should show up. 
There's plenty of uncertainty around the precise timing of when export capacity will come online. We subscribed all the same research that everybody else does. And we know that even the very best efforts at estimations there could be off by several months in an environment where supply chains are still challenged and labor markets are tight. 
So we're very prepared to be responsive to this kind of market. And I think if you saw prices fall a sustained price or a price throughout the curve fall down into the mid- to low 3s, we'd probably pull back a bit. I think we still make a good bit of money at that level, but it would be an indication to us that the supply-demand fundamentals are weaker than we probably expect as we sit here today, and that would give us a reason to step back and think about whether or not activity should come down. 
Really, really hard to predict exactly what that looks like because it depends on the facts at the time. But that is certainly a point at which we would evaluate whether or not we have our capital allocation where we want it.

Great question, Doug. So we've talked about with the proceeds from the Eagle Ford that we have a return model, we would think about applying these proceeds through that return model. We've said that the dividends really are about operating cash flow. This is not operating cash flow. 
So we would lean more heavily to buybacks when we think about the proceeds here. But importantly, I think, especially as we recognize that we could have a softer gas market here, at least for a year or a little bit more. And again, I think the softer requires a little bit of emphasis there because we don't really anticipate it to be a negative market for us as a company, just maybe not quite as robust as 2022 has been. 
We will pay down some debt with the proceeds. We will make sure that as we sell off an asset that has a lot of EBITDA, we make sure our balance sheet stays in great shape. So we expect to look at the proceeds that come in, think about what the right balance sheet impact is to reduce leverage and then think about the best way to pursue a return of some of that capital to shareholders through a buyback. 
But we'll have to wait and see when the proceeds come in, the magnitude of the proceeds and exactly how it all plays out to have specific answers for you, Doug.

Yes, I'll just add that while we haven't given full CapEx guidance yet. We did put dollar per foot expectations for 2023 for both the Haynesville and the Marcellus in our slides today. Yes, that's inclusive of our expectations for inflation.

Yes, Charles. How are you?

I think you do, Charles. I mean, I think I would just call it an option. And one of the things that we wanted to communicate around that is that we wanted to make sure we had midstream capacity, takeaway capacity in the gathering and treating space should we get to a place where we want the eighth rig. 
Look, over time, as LNG export capacity grows and there's incremental demand out of the Haynesville I'd love to see us today, and I'd love to see us more than that as we get into the second half of the decade. We certainly have the inventory and the great assets to justify acceleration when there is demand that's not being met. 
But as we sit looking at the market today, we don't really anticipate that an eighth rig would be needed during 2023. Now if it turns out that it is needed, then great, we'll be ready, and we can add a rig and we have the full setup to do it. But right now, we're not expecting to go to eighth in 2023.

One, just obvious connection, Subhasish, I would make is that as we talk about the fact that we don't see structural supply demand growth for the gas market until at the earliest 2024, that could mean soft gas prices, soft gas prices can lead to weaker equity prices just as a gut reaction. 
Should that happen, we think our stock would be even more undervalued than it is today. So we certainly don't mind the dynamics that we would receive a bunch of cash from this transaction and be poised to acquire our stock, if you will, if it's falling due to macro, which we would, at that point, believe is short term in nature with growth in demand coming. 
So we like the setup of thinking about the fact that there's volatility in the near term of natural gas prices, that volatility can obviously lead to volatility in equities, and we show a lot of cash.

Yes. So October and November are pretty well locked in. So when we give our basics expectations, the biggest floating piece there is going to be December. We did lean a little bit heavier on first of month for November than we typically do. We see the forecast for warmer weather in the East Coast through at least the first half of the month. 
This week, there's the first reports of the potential of cold fronts showing up -- but -- and it's pretty early and supply is plenty robust. So we leaned a little bit harder on first amount to pricing for the month of November.

Matt, that's a great question. And there's no question in my mind that we should see that. I think it's going to take a bit of time for it to evolve. What we are seeing in our early discussions with LNG off-takers in Europe and Asia is that they are extremely interested in the carbon footprint of the gas that they're buying. 
They're asking a lot of questions about it. They're wanting to understand what being responsibly sourced gas means they're wanting to understand the overall footprint. When we flash stats like the fact that we have a 0.02 methane intensity from our gas production. It certainly gets the attention of international gas buyers. 
We think it will increasingly get the attention of domestic gas buyers as well. I'd remind you that today, there's no tax or structural incentive for buyers of gas to pay more for a lower emissions footprint gas molecule. That may come. We think it should probably come at some point. There is the talk, of course, in the IRA about the methane tax and what that will look like over time and how that will be -- how that will show up in the way that producers develop their assets is something that we're going to be keenly interested in. 
We think with the footprint that we have we are very well positioned relative to that potential tax. So we think this is an area that will evolve pretty significantly as the world recognizes the huge need for growing natural gas production and the big demand that really does exist out there today and should continue to grow as the world seeks to have more of the affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy that solves some of the biggest challenges facing the economy today. 
All right. Well, I think that's the last question we had this morning. So I want to thank everybody for the time. Just to reiterate, we are extremely excited about the setup we see. We have worked hard to position this company, our portfolio and our execution for the market conditions that we see today. 
We know there will be plenty of volatility in these market conditions, and we think we are uniquely positioned to take advantage regardless of where that volatility heads in the near term. And then certainly, with the structural tailwinds that we see to supply demand for natural gas in the second half of this decade. 
Again, just as I said a minute ago, we think that the production we're delivering to market goes a long way to solving the biggest challenges facing the economy today. And every employee at this company is proud to produce the energy that delivers reliable, affordable and lower carbon solutions for energy generation around the world. 
We think the demand for what we do only grows from here and the best operators seek to benefit the most. Look forward to continuing the conversation with you all as we move to the end of the year. Thanks very much.