Thanks, Brad. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. A little over 5 years ago, our Board of Directors, leadership team and employees began a major business transformation of Chesapeake Energy. During this period, we have fundamentally improved all aspects of our business, demonstrating a commitment, passion and tenacious determination to drive value to our shareholders.
We had decreased our total debt and leverage by more than $12 billion, eliminated legacy commitments and obligations by more than $10 billion, significantly reduced complexity, delivered industry-leading capital efficiency and eliminated more than $1 billion in annual cash costs, all while preserving a world-class portfolio of unconventional assets in an extremely challenging commodity price environment.
Today is a special day for our company. I'm thrilled to be speaking with you about the significant strategy acquisition of WildHorse Resource Development. We are very excited about the future of Chesapeake and our ability to create tremendous value for our shareholders, and this transaction only further increases our enthusiasm.
We believe there is an incredible upside opportunity in our stock for investors. The compelling investment thesis in this powerful combination is anchored in a significant depth of oil growth opportunities in the portfolio, reduced weighting to international gas and improved financial leverage, while priced at an attractive multiple of 2019 EBITDA and at a value that is accretive to our NAV.
Further, the WildHorse acquisition strengthens and accelerates delivery of our near-term strategic priorities of margin improvement, sustainable free cash flow and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2x.
Chesapeake is uniquely positioned to drive greater value from the WildHorse assets and enhance our ability to profitability grow through our proven unconventional development expertise.
The complementary WildHorse assets build upon our existing Eagle Ford position. And with our Powder River Basin position, it gives us 2 powerful oil growth engines in our portfolio. We expect to more than double our oil production by the end of 2020, while accordingly increasing our overall oil production mix to 30%.
Importantly, with this transaction, we project our EBITDA margin will grow by approximately $6.50 per BOE during that period, an improvement of over 50%. The enhanced margins in oil growth from the WildHorse assets will also have an immediate impact on our financials and balance sheet. Assuming current strip prices, we expect the incremental EBITDA created by this transaction alone will improve our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, accelerating our deleveraging efforts by approximately 40% over the next 2 years.
Today, WildHorse has one of the premier Eagle Ford positions, spreading across approximately 420,000 acres in the play, 80% to 85% of which are undeveloped. This acreage has enviable access to premium Gulf Coast pricing, while the long runway and future development opportunities attracted us to the assets, we are also very pleased with the alignment of our strategic priority of increasing our competitiveness by improving our margins as WildHorse's EBITDA per barrel of oil equivalent is one of the highest of any independent E&P operator in the United States.
Additionally, we believe there are numerous opportunities to build upon WildHorse's impressive performance and further enhance the return profile of the asset. Chesapeake is a leading operator in the Eagle Ford, and our capital efficiency in the basin is demonstrated by our ability to consistently drill and complete the longest laterals at the lowest cost per foot in the basin as second to none.
Our proven operational track record in geotechnical expertise provide great confidence that we will deliver material savings across all aspects of the operation. Specifically, we anticipate achieving an average of $200 million to $280 million in annual savings over the first 5 years to be realized through our capital-efficient drilling and completion operations in the field as well as improve downtime, lease operating expenses and the elimination of redundant corporate overhead. The savings are expected to be driven not only by the sheer scale of our operations but also by our ability to provide technical expertise through our operation support and reservoir technology centers; the impact of longer laterals and enhanced completions; and our logistic capabilities, which will eliminate additional oilfield service and supply chain costs.
Further, we expect to create additional value through our existing oil transportation options, demonstrating the truly complementary fit with our legacy Eagle Ford position. We will look to further optimize this asset into our current transportation portfolio, which provides access to premium MEH and LLS pricing in both Houston and Corpus Christi, additional flow assurance synergies within a company of our scale.
We will provide a full update on our 2019 plans upon the closing of this transaction, but expect that over 80% of our drilling and completion activity will be focused on our high-margin oil assets in the Eagle Ford and PRB, while we continue to generate free cash flow from our Marcellus and Haynesville positions.
I will now pass the call to Frank to update us on our operations.

Yes, sure, Neal. Thanks for the question. And I'm going to ask Frank to give the detail around that rig allocation.

Thanks for the question, Neal. Yes, it’s really all of those things. It -- this acquisition hits all major strategic objectives of Chesapeake. And when you look at a large contiguous acreage position, such as the WildHorse asset offers, that is just begging for the Chesapeake weapons to be deployed on it. And we are excited about what we can do with it on the drilling and completion side, the cost synergies that we can capture; our experience and expertise, as I noted, we drilled -- or noted in the presentation, we drilled or completed more than 2,000 wells in there. So it's having 80% to 85% undeveloped just gives us a tremendous runway, while complementing and adding and accelerating to all of our strategic objectives that I noted.

We can.

Yes, thanks, Doug. Frank will be excited to comment on that as well. When we look at the portfolio, the oil growth engine is between the Powder and the WildHorse asset are very, very strong for us. Interestingly, the competitive economics and as we look at capital allocation, the Marcellus attracts capital to the limit of the infrastructure available in the basin is just a phenomenal place, very strong cash flow generating asset for the company, as is the Eagle Ford, as you are aware, our existing asset in the Eagle Ford. We know that this asset has just such strong growth potential that it will be very competitive in our portfolio, but we also want to note that the strength of the other assets it's not that this is just a single asset that comes into the portfolio and commands or attracts capital from the rest of the portfolio. What we have been very proud of, Doug and Barry encouraged by, is through the past 5 years despite all this challenging environment that we've had with our legacy issues in the commodity price environment is that this is a world-class portfolio of unconventional assets. And it gives us tremendous flexibility and how we allocate our capital, tremendous learning and shared resources across the assets for us to drive greater value. So that's been reflected in our operating cost, our capital efficiency and will continue to be reflected in our capital allocation as to where we direct that capital to get -- capture the greatest value. You want to add anything, Frank.

That's absolutely right. And keep in mind, as we've highlighted that we'll continue to look at all opportunities, all levers to capture greater value from that portfolio and continue to improve our business. So keep in mind that business development is one of the planks of our strategy, and we'll continue to evaluate and look for opportunities to further enhance value for our shareholders. And so the divestiture of the Utica successfully completing that yesterday, having 2 powerful oil growth engines in the strengths of the gas portfolio, gives us tremendous optionality to capture value going forward.

And Bob, if you take a look at that slide on -- in our deck, Page 10, it really highlights the operating performance of what we have been delivering in our Eagle Ford asset. And from that, you can see that, basically, cutting the D&C cost by half is something that we anticipate in delivering those savings and that capital efficiency. And as we noted previously that the time in which we execute the operation is a great value, too, and that's levered by the strength of our operating center and reservoir technology center and just the shared learnings across the portfolio. So I would hesitate to put any sort of limit whatsoever on what the efficiencies that we can capture based on our scale and experience and expertise.

Absolutely, I'm thrilled to have NGP as a major shareholder. And I believe that they are extremely excited to partner with us and invest in Chesapeake. We are excited about the things that we will do together to drive value to NGP and all of our other shareholders. And I think that's demonstrated by their large percentage in the stock and what they will continue to hold having representations of the WildHorse share -- WildHorse shareholders on our board speaks further to that confidence. And we're looking forward to driving a pretty significant value to NGP and all the shareholders.

Sure. It's a great question. And absolutely, in and around any of our assets, we look for opportunities where we can bolster our position, bolt-on type of opportunities or synergies that can be captured from our scale. So keep in mind that, that goes back to really a broader question around portfolio management, and how we continue to develop and drive the greatest value from our portfolio. And that comes from an active business development program, which means that we will actively use our experience and expertise to drive the greatest value from our -- the assets that we have, and we will look at additional opportunities in and around our assets of how we can drive greater synergies and create more value. So you can absolutely expect going forward that business development will be a part of our business strategy. And today, we've got a big challenge in integrating this asset, and we're excited about it, and think that we're uniquely positioned to do it with WildHorse. And as we integrate that asset and put the Chesapeake machine at work, we will always be looking for other opportunities to drive further value.

So the legacy Eagle Ford wells decline rates have actually improved by going to the appropriate spacing. So we're seeing that change over time. In the PRB, we're early there, but those wells are actually in a reservoir that is actually a silty sand. And those declined curves are flatter than you see in a shale play. What I think you're going to see in the WildHorse asset -- and we don't have all the information today because we're still working with the information that is being provided to us. But the -- you're going to see across the play -- if you drill too tight of spacing, you're going to see too high of a decline rate. And if you drill the appropriate space, I think you're going to see a very reasonable decline, probably pretty similar to what you're seeing in South Texas. It also depends on the completion style. So all of that is -- there's not one-size-fits-all, is a bottom line. It all changes, and we are used to doing work in fields like this. So we are very comfortable with what we're seeing. It is not behaving abnormal to what we would expect.

Notice that, on top of that, the sand mine is an excellent asset to have. And so completing it out and being operational gives us a lot of flexibility. So we're looking to capture value and create synergies across the portfolio, and the sand mine will be fully utilized and optimized to capture that value.

Yes, I was just saying, the time is really important for that when you consider rig costs and spread rates. As I mentioned earlier, we're drilling wells nearly twice as long for about 5 days faster. So those incremental costs shouldn't be that huge to us. The gap is huge between their, again $1,200 a foot and our $600 per foot of lateral. So I mean, there's lots of opportunities for us to improve fairly quickly in this field.

Yes, thank you. Just in closing, we're very excited about the acquisition of these premier assets. And I'd like to congratulate the shareholders and Jay Graham and the WildHorse leadership team for building an outstanding asset. We're really excited to go to work on it. This transaction accelerates our progress towards achieving our strategic and financial goals and makes Chesapeake more competitive across all metrics, and positions the company to deliver significant value to our combined shareholders for years to come. I could not be more encouraged or excited about the opportunity that presents itself for Chesapeake's future. Thank you for joining our call, and we look forward to sharing more about our progress with WildHorse and the other parts of our strong portfolio with you in the near future. Thank you.