Thank you, Brad, and good morning. Next month, I'll record my sixth anniversary at Chesapeake Energy, and I'm as excited today as I ever have been. Over the past 6 years, our strategy, commitment and tenacity to drive differential top quartile performance for our shareholders has been consistent and strong and vibrant regardless of external or internal challenges. I'm very proud of our progress and accomplishments, and I'm excited about the future trajectory of the company.
During these transformation years, we've shared our significant progress on debt and obligation reductions, operating and capital efficiencies, profitability improvements and the simplification of our business.
Importantly, for the last 16 quarters in a row, we have met or exceeded The Street's consensus earnings estimates, demonstrating the strength of our employees, asset portfolio and strategy.
We've consistently executed and performed as we have projected, and we will continue to sharpen and improve our business delivery to drive greater value for our shareholders. The foundational improvements in our balance sheet, capital efficiency and cash-generating capability, combined with our operational expertise and scale, have positioned the company to accelerate our rate of improvement and value creation from our diverse asset base.
In the first quarter, Chesapeake continue to execute our strategic priorities, delivering yet again strong financial and operational results. As we look at our performance, no asset exemplifies the energy, talent and conviction of our employees to deliver significant change in a short period of time better than our new Brazos Valley asset, an asset we now project will be cash flow positive at the asset level this year.
During the last 3 months, we've rapidly integrated the new asset into our portfolio, eliminating approximately $500,000 in cost per well with improved drilling and completion techniques, highlighted by new records in drilling rate of penetration and number of fracture stimulation stages completed in a day.
On several wells in Brazos Valley, we have already achieved capital cost improvements of more than $1 million per well. As you would expect and as you know from our track record with our other assets, we will achieve further capital efficiencies in the future on an average well and full program basis. We are pleased with our savings and production improvements to date in Brazos Valley, and as we will share further in a moment, we believe there are additional opportunities to improve the returns in cash flow generating capabilities of the entire portfolio.
We averaged oil production of approximately 109,000 barrels per day in the first quarter, representing 18% in absolute growth compared to last year and 22% of our total production mix, that compares to 19% in the fourth quarter of last year.
We remain on track to deliver the transformational 32% absolute oil growth we guided to in February, ultimately reaching the year-end oil production mix of approximately 26% of total net production. But more importantly, our increasing oil production, along with our focus on reducing our cost, continue to improve our competitiveness and cash flow generating capability. We believe the rate of change in our cash flow is already noticeable in 2019.
As we look ahead to the rest of the year, our talented employees are focused on delivering our strategic priorities and creating more value for Chesapeake, while maintaining our safety and environmental leadership.  We look forward to sharing more of our progress with you throughout the year.
With that, I'll now turn the teleconference over to Frank to cover additional operational and asset-level detail.

Yes, Sure, John. Right now, both comment on that -- as you'd expect, we are super excited about the Brazos Valley asset and knew going into it that with the acquisition and excellent work that had been done there by WildHorse that there would be opportunities to take what we've learned elsewhere in our portfolio and apply it to Brazos Valley and particularly with some of the completion efficiency, stage efficiencies and synergies that with our contractors and the way we approach our business could help drive those costs down. 
Up to this point in time, as we have shared, we firmly recognize $500,000 per well, of which there is a portion of that, that is mostly drilling at this point in time. Because with what we've been testing with some additional stages and longer laterals to completion costs, probably only represent about 20% to 30% of that $500,000 at this point. That said, we still see a significant opportunity there, and I'll let Frank comment further on that.

Yes, we do expect to put that out to bid to third parties relatively soon. We're working through a bunch of logistics and planning for that.

Yes, sure. It's a good question, Biju. I'm glad you asked it. When we first acquired WildHorse and have been integrating it into our portfolio, we had provided some certain estimates of what we thought rig activity would be. And we actually have recognized a lower rig count in response to commodity prices and our pursuit of free cash flow neutrality generating free cash flow as quickly as possible. As Nick highlighted, we anticipated to narrow that gap significantly and look for further improvements in 2019. So that the capital efficiency of the program and the rig activity and completion activity are largely geared towards how we continue to strengthen the entire company not looking at just 1 or single metric. 
As that rolls into 2020 though, we are very excited about the efficiencies that we've accomplished and as Frank noted, getting more from every rig in terms of capital employed as well as more wells drilled and completed because of our efficiencies. Just it's a historical competitive advantage for this company, and we continue to recognize those improvements. And we're using that to help position us for greater oil volumes in 2020. So while we have not put guidance out yet for 2020, under the revised circumstances that we've recognized with the capital spend and the rig activity, it's -- we are encouraged about that profile and our 75% or 80% capital directed towards the oilier assets. You can expect similar levels of investment in 2020 and continued growth in our oil.

Not at this point in time, Subash. We are encouraged, we're excited. Some of the activity and the way we've been continuing to optimize the drill schedule with the improvements that we've recognized, we were super excited about some of the rates and as Frank noted, the pad -- total pad production here recent performance is very encouraging. I would rather look at that and encourage you to look at it as upside rather than us putting a number on it at this point in time. And just asking you to continue to look at the track record as you've done of this company and the trajectory that we're on there we should see continued improvements. And sharing those recent wells results and some of the pad volumes are good indicators of directionally where we think would be going.

Yes, that's essentially correct.

It's actually the capital efficiencies that we expect to achieve are doing more with less and actually seeing capital reductions in that program is noted by the fact that we expected the asset level to be cash flow neutral or slightly positive there this year. So that's more the indicative direction of how we expect to do more with less based on the capital efficiencies that we're achieving and recognizing.

Yes, sure Neal.  The progress of the company with that respect has been really, really strong as I think, any -- anyone would agree and attach to the progress we've made there has been quite significant and quite substantial. We are -- as Nick highlighted, we are narrowing the gap in 2019, and extremely encouraged. We see minimal amount of smaller asset type sales for the productivity improvements and basically we are going to cross that bridge pretty quickly of bringing free cash flow neutral and ability to generate greater positive cash flow. In that time frame, we've not been specific. It's highly dependent upon price, we continued to put hedges in place to protect our capital program.  The quality of the assets continue to outperform, and the way to look at it, Neal, is that it's very, very close -- very, very close. The underlying business here is powerful, strong and the capital efficiencies continue to improve and as I've highlighted before, the accomplishments of this company over the past 5 years compare to no other. And what you can expect is that this challenge of our debt reduction and achieving 2x net debt-to-EBITDA continues to be a major focus for us. It's essentially our #1 priority and we will continue to make progress on it and the way that we are approaching it is through the excellent work being done with our current assets and looking for other smaller asset sales or other opportunities for us to strengthen our portfolio to continue to achieve that free cash flow neutrality, generate positive free cash flow and reduce that overall quantum of debt.

The other thing, don't forget that we may see something better than 4,000 barrels equivalent a day. So it's just while we talk about excitement around that well with continued improvement and say you're going to stamp every well at 4,000, we're going to have variability naturally, but we're excited enough and encouraged enough there may be something better than that, so don't take that out of the equation either.

Well, I just say it's only a day's work at Chesapeake, Charles. I mean, everything we look at, has continued improvement and how we get better and how we take our learnings from elsewhere to the new asset and this -- the way we -- basically the sand concentration's roughly the same, what we've principally reduced was the fluid. And we're going to continue to optimize and pull the levers that we know will be successful in what we've learned elsewhere. And Frank can build on that.

Sure, Charles. Those 2 assets are world-class. And you got a world-class operator that can mobilize and develop those resources really quickly. And we will continue to monitor pricing environment, the LNG build-out and more gaskets on the water as additional demand makes sense and economically makes sense. Chesapeake will react accordingly and adjust our program accordingly. So we note super strong assets, extremely well-run here in corporately and particularly in the field. And we can revise and modify and flex our capital at any point in time as economic conditions dictate.

Yes, thank you. I appreciate everyone's time today. In our prepared comments, we made several references to rate of change or rate of improvement. And I just want to close today by highlighting that the underlying business continues to see excellent progress, and while we have accomplished a great deal over the past few years, the portfolio, the capital allocation and how we're approaching our business, the excitement that we have and encouragement we have to continue the rate of change and rate of improvement across our portfolio is something that we are really, really pleased about and really excited about. And I think it's differential and, I believe, that the company's performance continues to reflect a well-run organization and one that's going to deliver more value to our shareholders disproportionately in the future. 
So I thank you for everyone's time and if there is additional questions please follow-up with Brad and we'll respond accordingly.