Thanks, Brad, and good morning, and welcome to the call. We appreciate you making time for us this morning.
Before we go through the quarterly results, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss our change in leadership and also answer will be getting as the sort of the most common questions. And so we'll just take any question sort of format.
First question is, was there any action that resulted in this change? And the answer to that is I've been pretty clear about through both press releases and just in public, there was no action. We like, Doug. We thought he'd left the company in great position, and we wish him the best.
Second most common question is, is this a change in strategy? The answer is absolutely not. There is no change from the post-emergent strategy. We're focused on free cash flow, capital discipline and returning cash to shareholders and being a good corporate citizen. But we have to put this in perspective. The company has had a huge change in strategy between what it was for the past 8 years and what it is today. 
The past 8 years have been a strategy of value preservation. Today, we're talking about a strategy of creating value. That is vastly different, and the execution of it is different. The shareholders understood this, which is why they decided to change the Board in its entirety. With the concept of in need fresh perspective, the company has an opportunity with a new balance sheet and a way to create value. And so that perspective needs to change, and we made it at the Board level. The Board has taken several months to get to know the company and decided that management also needed to change in fresh perspective, and -- which is why we made the change.
CEO search. First question I usually get is -- are -- is someone on the board considering interviewing for the job as CEO? The answer is no. No members of the Board are currently interviewing for the job, I don't expect it to occur.
Next question is, how long will it take? Of course, this will take several months. We expect it to take several months, and we've planned for several months. We formed a search committee. Mac Gallego will lead that committee. We're looking for someone who will be accretive to our strategy, not to change our strategy.
But with that said, the Board was very clear and we have a very clear mandate at the management level. We want change now. We want fresh perspective now, which is why I'm here at the company, spending 100% of my time working with the existing management team, working with the existing employees.
We make a lot about CEO change. We make a lot about how important the CEO is, but honestly, I think too much is made of it. It's really about the employees, and can we execute? First order of business for the Board was to evaluate the staff and get a feeling for where their head was. And truthfully, they have every reason to be demoralized after 8 hard years and bankruptcy. I can tell you from early observations and my time here that this team is ready to go. You have a chip on its shoulder. I can tell you there's an energy on campus, which is contagious. I think they're tired of getting punched in the face with the blank balance sheet, and they would like to get away from that cloud and move on to execution.
Now talk is cheap. We get that. We have to have great results. And I think the first quarter is a good start in that direction.
So now I'd like to move to the slide deck. We're going to start on Page 3 of WebEx, but also on Page 4 of the deck that you saw last night, the overview of Chesapeake value drivers.
The middle of the page is what's telling the story. Today, we moved that number from $2 billion to $3 billion. We think that's pretty impressive. We're proud of it. Now the first action that we're taking, of course, is returning cash to shareholders. You'll see we instituted the dividend. That is a fixed dividend. We will consider. And we plan on doing additional returns of capital, and we'll make those decisions towards the end of the year after we have a few quarters under our belt.
To the bottom left, in order to have free cash flow, you have to have financial discipline. We believe in this reinvestment rate. We will continue this investment rate -- reinvestment rate, and that will be one of the keys to our success.
Top left corner, the balance sheet is in great shape. Our long-term goal is to keep balance sheet under 1x leverage. This is a competitive advantage. It gives us optionality that the company has never enjoyed. This will be a big part of how to create value.
Finally, ESG. We have goals. It's part of our compensation structure. We're taking it serious. It's not just emissions, it's also social governance. The company is preparing and making changes every day.
Moving to Page 4 of the slide deck. Again, let's go to the first middle section. The company is producing free cash flow. I've always said, if you have a great company, you also build cash. To the right side -- top right, you'll see we're building cash on the balance sheet, $340 million. We're pleased with it. You can see it continues to build and it's also driving down our debt, which is exactly what we hope for, it's exactly what we modeled and exactly what our goals are.
Moving to Page 5. A lot of talk about the balance sheet. I don't think it could be overemphasized that this is a competitive strength. I know you've seen this slide, I would like to reiterate, this is our advantage that we plan on taking advantage of.
Page 6, our business is moving to scale, efficiency and cost of capital. Becoming investment grade is a priority. We think we're well positioned to get there very soon. This will also help us be competitive.
Page 7, not only is our balance sheet fix, the management has done a great job in bankruptcy to reset all of our cost metrics. G&A has decreased, LOE, transportation, of course, that's driving EBITDAX. It's opened up opportunities on assets, this recalibration. We have more opportunities, lower breakevens than we've ever had.
And finally, I'd like to talk about stuff that's happening outside of the bankruptcy renegotiation, something that the team is executing on. When you look at Page 8, I focus on cost per lateral foot. In particular, take a look at Appalachia. We're pretty proud to get to $700 to $750 a foot. In 2019, it was $985 a foot. Now during bankruptcy, this said, the team continues to execute. It's about execution going forward, and I think we'll continue to execute.
With that, I'll open it up to questions.

Sure, sure. I think you're referring to the Alta transaction. Number one, we love that transaction. It -- I mean, if you think -- put it in perspective, Cabot tell you for years that asset is great. We've told you for years, the asset is great. And now EQT is telling you, Northeast Pennsylvania is great. So in general, we like it.
For us to think about acquisitions, we'd have to look at it a little bit different than others, which is if, thus, one, we can't break our balance sheet; two, we're not going to change our reinvestment rate; and three, it's got to be accretive. At that level, that transaction is not particularly accretive for us. And so we're not going to do that. We have discipline on all of our acquisitions.
On your question on are we going to pause? The answer is absolutely not while we search for a CEO. The team has a mandate. The Board is currently -- is completely aligned. I can tell you, being on the Board, we're absolutely ready to move forward. So I do not expect to have any transaction, any action that we'll take. We'll be waiting for a new CEO. We're moving now.

Let me give you a general thought on sort of oil and when we'd react to it. The first thing about oil is we're looking at programs here, and they have to be big and sustainable. And so we're not focused on the prompt month. We're focused on the long-term rate of oil. We need sustainability, and we need programs that can just take a rig program and continue to get the efficiency and scale that we're looking for. As soon as you can get all that, it still has to compete with rate of return on our other projects. We have a good inventory in all -- in some of the other basins and particularly, Marcellus and Haynesville. We like those returns. So oil has to compete on a rate of return. This is not an oil or gas conversation for us. It's a rate of return. Nick, you have some thoughts?

Yes. This is Mike. Number one, we don't have to do anything, and that's a great position. For the past 8 years, they've had to sell assets. Some companies don't have enough inventory, and they have to buy assets. We're not in either one of those positions, and so I don't feel like we have money burning the hole in our pocket to get something done. And so it's not our focus. Our focus is internally first.
With that said, we operate in some great basins. And any time we can create value by adding to it or subtracting to it, we'll do it. That means knowing everything that's going on in the market, looking at every transaction, staying current on everything. And so although I don't think that's our first order of thinking, think about transactions, it is definitely always will be there and we'll always be ready. So when the right one sort of shows up, we're ready either on the buy side or sell side.
Nick, you have more?

This is breaking out -- break it down just a bit. Great companies have great balance sheet. Absolutely, those are the best competitors. And we're happy to be part of that. And I am separating us from old Chesapeake in the past and also sort of just weaker competitors who have strained balance sheets. It gives an option for us to do absolutely nothing or something. And so when you have that choice, then you're starting to be able to think about it only in value perspective, not in I-have-to perspective. So this doesn't mean, again, that we're absolutely fixated on A&D or divestitures. We're fixated on making the company better and making sort of value better. 
I think ultimately, obviously, we don't want to keep cash on the balance sheet. Obviously, we're not going to sit around and just let it sit. Nick already said that we're going to return cash to shareholders. So A&D feels second or third, second or third.

Charles, let me add a couple of things. So if you were looking at Brazos Valley and it was your only asset, that would be one way to look at the world. When -- if you look at the way those graphs kind of fall out as oil price goes up, the entire portfolio goes up. So they're competing against each other. So you're going to basically look at those graphs and say, okay, if oil went up, where is the first place you would spend $1 in the oil assets, and it's South Texas. Then the next place would either be Brazos or Powder River Basin. 
And that's the way we look at the world. It's not just can we get a rig stood up in a given asset. It's where do you stand up a rig inside your portfolio as prices go up. And as Nick said, we have to have confidence in a longer-term oil price. And we're moving that direction out, which is a really positive thing, and it gives us a lot of flexibility.

It was a -- that area of the Haynesville that we traded for that agreement was a pretty small producing area for the asset, and we can more than make up for that loss with the remainder of the asset. The bigger issue there was in the stack of opportunities in the Haynesville. That acreage didn't draw fire for a long time. And so the net present value of that acreage to us in our portfolio was relatively low. Moving it to someone else's hands, it might move higher in their stack. But we have a lot of quality asset -- or a lot of quality locations in front of that. So we were in jeopardy of losing some of that acreage due to loss of production. So it was a really good trade for us. Now we can focus all our effort, all our capital on the best opportunities within the Haynesville.

So of course, we're thinking about those things at the Board level and at management, first goal was to get through the quarter, show results then start the dividend. And then over the next couple of quarters, we'll determine the best way to go about this. But if the answer is, are we expecting to do more? It's clear, yes.

Yes. I think it's a byproduct. And it's just -- we're just working on value, getting cash per share up. So not growth. That's not growth.

I don't think Doug has taken the fall. I think it's a change in perspective because you need a fresh set of eyes. You have to turn over every rock and look at everything different, and you don't want someone burdened with the decisions of the past. And so that's -- so I don't think this is Doug taking a fall, more of just a change.
As far as why you should believe the strategy. Well, I mean it's easy to see that the balance sheet is fixed. It's easy to see the cost has come down. And really, I think even, historically, if you looked at the execution on the operations front, the company has been pretty darn good. So you sort of put together the right capital, the right structure, and it should sort of work. And then you come to the quarter here, and you're like, is it working? And I think it's still early. And again, you have to see it quarter-over-quarter to get some confidence. But the answer is it seems to be working, and you should build confidence over time. But you're right, you need to make your own decision about that.
As far as doing M&A or are we going to do something? Well, number one, we believe in scale and we understand the industry has to be efficient at scale, and it's our job to create value and whatever form that takes. Today, we think it's executing on our existing assets. We think we'll do a good job of that. We think our quarter results will show up. But if someone has a super value proposition, it's our job to take it to the Board, discuss it, decide if it's the best course of action, and we'll do that. You have a very shareholder-centric Board of Directors. You have a very shareholder-centric business plan, I think that's a little bit different. We're not covering up. We're showing you everything, transparency is there, and you think people will make the decision to start looking at us a little harder.

Yes. A lot of great companies can create value. We want to be one of them. So number one, I think we actually have assets that are working and we have the inventory to execute. So nothing has to be done. We can focus internally and generate returns. It has a scarcity that not everyone has great inventory every place. And this company has it. It's had a good subsurface team to be able to identify it. And so I think that differentiates us sort of in general.
Second, we're operating in a number of basins. We get it. We want to build scale in some of those basins, maybe even more. But because of the footprint, we get to look at a lot of transactions that can be accretive because, frankly, once you have operations somewhere, there is efficiencies there. So our playbook is open. We are not burdened with only 1 place. We're going to use that, and we'll follow where the value is -- can be derived. We're not stuck in 1 place. We're not stuck in 1 basin. I know people like that for efficiency. But if you're looking for value, you should be looking everywhere.
It's tough to get a lot of value, and frankly, I'm the Permian guy. It's tough to get value when you're paying 6x cash flow for the assets. It's very, very difficult to do that. Here, the playbook is open. We think we have optionality, throwing a great balance sheet. It feels like you have something to work around.

Sure. Sure. Thanks for the question. Management, generally, we don't have any plans to change management. And we like the team. We -- the Board is working with them. I'm here working with them. So no expected changes.
Two, on the assets themselves, we're hyper-focused on cash flow per share. To give cash flow per share up, you got to have returns. And so when I think about accretion, I'm thinking about how to give more money back to shareholders every day. That is the most important metric for us today.
Nick, do you have a different definition of accretion?

I think your last question is about the overhang of the shareholders and on natural shareholders. So look, we had an opportunity, and this happens in bankruptcy where the Board is selected by those shareholders. They give direct feedback before we emerge. We've had a tremendous amount of conversations at all levels of the Board. Management also had that ability to talk to the shareholders and what they want.
The good news here is, although we have what I would consider a few unnatural holders, long-term holders, they seem and they've told us they're committed and they don't have to make any quick decisions. So I don't think this is a 6-month problem. I don't think it's a 12-month problem. But I do think once we get past 12 months, 18 months, we have to start finding ways to attract new investors. We have to fight for market share for these investors. With results, with action, I believe we'll get there. And I hope it happens before the 12-month mark. We plan on acting today, but I don't feel like there's going to be a weird announcement where people have to get out or want to get out.

You mean are we committed to holding on to any particular asset?

Look, in order to create value, you can't have sacred cows. You have to be willing to buy and sell everywhere. So I don't think we have sacred cows here. I mean tell me -- I'm just trying to create value. If somebody walks in and gives us $1 jillion, we're going to take it. We're not done. So I don't think there's anything particular that we said we must keep no matter what.

Yes. Let me take the macro, and I'll let Nick take a deeper dive. So generally speaking, you had pre-bankruptcy, you had a very uncertain partner in Chesapeake from a midstream perspective for your customers. We've now gone to a very certain partner. We've gone to a very predictable plan. And so when you have that, when you -- hopefully, we get investment-grade rating soon, now we are great counter-party risk. Whenever you're a great counter-party, now you have negotiation ability at the table. And we think just macro, we are absolutely figuring out ways to lower transportation.
Nick, you may talk specifics.

Guys, thank you for taking the time this morning. We know we're here to answer questions. Give us a call, we're excited about going forward. I think our team is excited about going forward. And so looking forward to good quarters in the future. Thank you.