Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Chesapeake has delivered another strong year of operational and financial performance, a year defined by improvements in every aspect of our business. The investment thesis for Chesapeake Energy continues to grow as we advance our strategies of reducing leverage, achieving sustainable positive free cash flow and enhancing our margins. 
The WildHorse Resource Development acquisition and the Utica divestiture are excellent examples of our progress and provide further momentum in our competitive transformation. I just want to take a second and note the key attributes of our robust diverse portfolio and our business delivery capability. These attributes include: 3 powerful oil assets with significant inventory and premium pricing; 2 of these, the PRB and the WildHorse assets, will drive 2019 absolute oil growth of 32% or 50% when adjusted for asset sales. Two world-class gas assets with more than 27 net trillion cubic feet of gas resources geographically positioned to supply global LNG growth for decades to come, significant exploitation and exploration acreage for further value creation and/or monetization, industry-leading capital efficiency amongst our large independent peers, industry-leading cash cost amongst our large independent peers, radically improving midstream obligations and costs, nonprice-related margin improvements driven by oil growth and cash cost leadership, significant deleveraging progress and improved credit ratings, industry-leading experience and expertise to further optimize and deploy new technologies, while further enhancing recovery and development efficiencies. And importantly, a commitment to safety excellence and environmental stewardship that has produced outstanding results. 
From a challenging starting point 5 years ago, we began our transformation goal of becoming a top-performing unconventional E&P company, and we have made sequential improvements unmatched by our peers. I'm very pleased with our progress toward this goal and the momentum we have established is a direct indicator of future performance. 
Chesapeake's focus on increasing oil production is yielding impressive results, materially accelerating our strategic priorities. Led by a 78% increase in net oil volumes from the Powder River Basin, we delivered 10% adjusted oil growth in 2018. While improving price realizations and, importantly, lowering absolute cash costs, we ultimately recorded the highest earnings in EBITDA generated per barrel of oil equivalent since 2014 when oil averaged $90 a barrel and gas averaged more than $4 per cubic foot. Accordingly, 2018 adjusted net income was $818 million or $0.90 per diluted share. I'm especially pleased that we're able to accomplish these results, while once again, delivering industry-leading health, safety, environmental, and regulatory performance across our company. 
The acquisition of the WildHorse assets now designated as our Brazos Valley business unit greatly enhances Chesapeake's oil growth platform, providing further profitability, flexibility and optionality to our diverse deep portfolio. 
Through the Utica divestiture, we reduced our net debt by $1.8 billion, and I'm pleased that in total, we eliminated $2.6 billion of secured debt last year. The new Brazos Valley business unit team is aggressively attacking numerous opportunities to drive capital efficiencies across the value chain. Through a combination of operational improvements and supply chain savings, the team has already identified, implemented and negotiated $200,000 to $350,000 per well in capital savings within the first month of taking over operations. I have high confidence we will see further capital savings on a per-well basis as the year progresses. 
In addition, we have made early cycle-time improvements through increased drilling penetration rates and a 2-stage per day increase by the completions team. Further, the Burleson Sand Mine recently commenced operations in February of 2019 and is anticipated to yield additional savings to the company's completions program. 
As noted in our earnings release at today's strip pricing, we expect our cash flow to be meaningfully stronger in 2019. Capital efficiencies and cash cost leadership will remain our central focus, serving as a recognized competitive advantage, while we further reduce our legacy debt and realize nonprice-related margin improvements. We have decreased our absolute production costs each year since 2013 and anticipate reducing our cash cost an additional 3.5% in 2019. 
In addition to driving costs out of our operations, we continue to develop innovative technology solutions to drive value and improve operating results. For example, in the Eagle Ford South Texas area, we implemented a new digital field technology solution to reduce downtime across the field. As a result, Chesapeake recorded a 17% reduction in controllable down volumes per day in 2018, which equated to an additional 1,100 barrels of oil sold every day. 
We're currently expanding the use of this technology to other fields and expect to have it implemented across all business units by mid-year. Financial discipline has been a pillar of Chesapeake's business strategy since we began our transformation, and simply put Chesapeake will continue to deliver more with less in 2019. This starts with keeping our capital expenditures relatively flat, while still delivering significant oil growth.
We're relentlessly driving towards achieving our strategic priorities of delivering further debt reduction, enhancing margins, and reaching sustainable free cash flow. Our 2,300 employees are highly motivated and powered and energized to further improve our operations and financial position in 2019, to takes full advantage of our strengths and thrive in any commodity price environment. Our momentum is building, and we are excited to share our continued progress with you as we move through the year. 
I'll now pass the call to Nick.

Thanks, Dave. I'll kick it off. We all have a tremendous amount of energy around what we see in Brazos Valley business unit and what the team is doing with that integration. As you'd expect, we've put some really talented folks on that attacking that whole value chain, and we are super excited in what we see. We have been working really close along the time prior to closing of what we would actually would put in place and what we see on the drilling and completion sides immediate opportunity and service-related costs as well as supply chain synergies as we integrate it into the Chesapeake machine. And before I hand it to Frank and Jason, I'll just comment that the hallmark, most notable quality in this company has been our operating expertise and experience with many years in many wells of knowing what to do and how to integrate these assets, so I'll pass it to these guys to share more with you.

Dave, I think that's just timing of completions. We're going to pad development in Brazos. And so it's just the way it's going to fall out. To be honest with you, I think that there's an opportunity to move those TILs around and accelerate some of those. We just don't want to take too big a bite. The teams are still getting their hands around how fast we can move.

Sure. We've been very clear with our message out there that the focus on achieving sustainable positive free cash flow is a key priority for us, and we've indicated that given the divestiture of the Utica and as we ramp up activity in WildHorse and further ramp up the activity in the Powder, that we will be in a slight overspend in 2019. And obviously, with the strength of this portfolio and the strength of our assets, we have a number of opportunities that we'll be evaluating to close that gap this year. I fully anticipate that we will through continued efficiency in our operations, better capital performance, smaller asset sales, that we will close that gap in 2019 and organically be in position through our EBITDA generation to be in a sustainable situation if that's closed in 2020 going forward. So heavily dependent upon commodity price. As you are aware, we're in a good position with our hedging for 2019, and we -- while we see a slight overspend this year, we're extremely focused on it and the underlying business is performing to deliver that sustainable free cash flow.

Yes, so those are 2 pretty exciting areas for us when it comes to infrastructure. So in the Powder, as I said in my notes, we have contracted for the build-out of oil gathering system that we're really excited about. It's going to take all of our oil on pipe, all the way to Guernsey. From Guernsey, there is a number of different options we have to get to end markets, and we'll evaluate all of those options. At the moment, there is plenty of transportation at reasonable prices. We can get good access to Cushing, and we're seeing pretty reasonable differentials. There was a period of time there, December-January, where differentials got pretty wide, but it was bleeding. And so we're going to be pretty focused on what the long-term solution there is, that is likely to yield for us an improvement in realized pricing. So we're really pleased with the way that gathering system is going to be built out and then the access to markets we will have from the off-take point of that gathering system. We can say that it has the potential to be a real advantage to us. In the Brazos Valley, that asset being relatively new has relied on trucking for most of its production up to this point. The WildHorse team was in the early stages of getting ready to start building a gathering system. We will pick that up where they left off obviously and determine whether or not to put that out to bid. It's likely we will put that out to bid for third parties to build the gathering system for us there. So we think that can reduce the cost of trucking out of the system. And once we get on pipe, we believe we can get to premium markets and have some optionality between Houston and Corpus and a number of places where we already have good relationships with marketers to get very good pricing. As you can see, our Eagle Ford gets a great price, and we believe we can expose the Brazos Valley barrels to a similar pricing structure over time. I'll tell you right now in our forecast, we don't have those barrels forecasted to receive the same kind of price that our Eagle Ford barrels do because we don't yet have them tied into the pipe system that will deliver those prices to us. We'll close that gap we believe relatively soon. So look for there to be uplift in the realized pricing on those barrels over time.

Thanks, Charles. The Marcellus, as you know, Frank and I have -- we both have something to say about this. Frank and I have worked assets across the globe, and this Marcellus asset is absolutely unbelievable in its productivity, in its efficiency, the teams are attacking it really, really well. And I think that as you look at the macro and the opportunity for global LNG growth and the opportunity to deliver that gas and get it on the water, it's -- it is perfectly positioned with just huge resource potential. And I'll just let Frank fill in the blanks there a little bit because it's just -- we could not be more excited about that world-class asset.

It's a good question, Brian. The declining rate is something that we are very strongly focused on corporately. As you know, with the significant number of wells that we have across the country, that we see excellent opportunity there and that's what really driving a lot of these base optimization initiatives, including the new technology of what we described in our prepared comments. And our focus their on base optimization and how those technologies can help offset that decline is something that's real important to our future profitability. The base decline for the company is really is unchanged. It hasn't really changed for the past few years. You're going to continue to see approximately 30% decline per year. And then in that 30%, we expect the capital program and those efficiency to deliver greater volumes, greater margin improvement. So that's going to help our free cash flow position. And as we look for ways to capture these technologies, it will help add to the base. So I don't -- I think that when you talk about decline, you're talking about a function of the rock. And we understand the rock really well. And through opportunities, such as IOR in South Texas, which we're super excited about and all the initial technical evaluation that we have and that they were thinking about, there could be several hundred, if not, thousands of wells of opportunity there with the IOR and to further enhance our recovery from the base and add additional value. And as you think about the -- just the existing base and what we are doing with using these technologies across other assets, I expect to see really good value from that. So there really, really is a lot of opportunity, but we don't see the base decline from the rock perspective or technically changing, it's how we are going about with our additional optimization operations that will help improve that and add further value to our free cash flow.

Yes, I mean, I think that you'll -- obviously, the capital is going to be a function of the activity, and I don't see it in the third quarter as being a drastic change because keep in mind a lot of the drilling and completion capital is being spent across the first, second and third quarter. The Turner line schedule is more reflective of when we'll see initial production. So I don't -- it will likely be high for the year in the third quarter, but I wouldn't read anything into that, and just remember that the capital discipline focus we have, Brian, is really strong as we proved in the past.

Yes, Arun, so right now we entered the year basically relatively flat to what was going on at the end of the year. First 2 quarters looked strong. WildHorse had added some wells on the front -- in the front end of year or end of last year and beginning of this year down in that Washington County gas asset area that are their strong wells, but they're not as strong oil. So oil is going to be pretty flat going into the first and second quarter, but then it's going to start to takeoff because we will move all the rigs into Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk. So you're going to see a very focused effort on driving oil volumes in this asset going into the second quarter, third and fourth quarter. So we're going to start to see the oil ramp up as we go through the year.

Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. 2018 was a great year for Chesapeake, and marked by the 2 significant transactions and as I mentioned upfront, the significant improvements across all aspects of our business. We are excited about the opportunity. We are excited about the momentum and excited about the business delivery that we have in front of us. If you believe in energy, you should believe in Chesapeake Energy because we are going to continue to perform and we'll look forward to sharing more results as we progress through the year. Thank you.