Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call.
I'd like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly on another outstanding record-breaking quarter. While our expectations were for a strong first quarter based on business trends and comparisons, to say the results of the first quarter were record-breaking just doesn't do real justice to the incredible performance of our team, highlighted by a 24.8% increase in comparable store sales, a 526 basis point increase in operating margin and an impressive 78% increase in diluted earnings per share.
The last year plus since the onset of the pandemic has been one of the most challenging periods in the history of our company, and we are especially pleased our team was able to once again rise to the occasion and deliver these outstanding results while adhering to strict safety protocols. Simply put, Team O'Reilly has responded in an amazing fashion to provide excellent customer service, and I am profoundly grateful for the hard work and sacrifice of each member of our team.
As we highlighted in our press release yesterday, our first quarter comps benefited from a continuation of the robust broad-based sales trend we've experienced for several quarters now as well as a favorable weather environment for most of the quarter. As a result of these factors, we're very pleased with our comp performance through the first 2.5 months of the quarter. In mid-March, the most recent round of government stimulus payments hit, at which point we saw ourselves grow -- our sales growth accelerate meaningfully.
From a cadence perspective, our quarter played out with very strong results in January, aided by beneficial weather and additional government stimulus. February followed a similar trend, with some offsetting pressure from inclement weather in the middle of the month that significantly impacted many of our Southern U.S. markets that are not accustomed to this type of winter weather. This headwind temporarily cut into our professional business as customers held off on risking the roads to bring their vehicles in for service, but we still finished February above our expectations.
March was easily our highest comp of the quarter against the soft prior year comparisons, driven by continued strong underlying trends, favorable timing of spring weather and the stimulus benefit. In total, our first quarter comparable store sales growth of 24.8% and our 2-year comparable store sales stack of 22.9% strongly exceeded our expectations.
As you would expect, we are also pleased with the composition of our sales results in the first quarter as we saw strength in all areas of our business. Both our DIY and professional businesses contributed strongly to our sales results for the quarter, with our DIY business being the bigger contributor, similar to what we've experienced in recent quarters, driven by strong ticket comp -- ticket count comps as well as continued robust increases in average ticket comps.
Additionally, our professional business also performed extremely well, with the brief inclement weather pressure in February I just discussed. On that side of the business, we also saw an acceleration in ticket count comps and strong growth in average ticket. Average ticket on both sides of our business was healthy despite a limited benefit of approximately 1.5% from same SKU inflation, indicated a continued ability and willingness of our customers to invest in their vehicles and work on larger projects.
From a category standpoint, we continue to see broad-based, robust sales trends across categories, with strong performance in our DIY out-front categories and batteries. During the first quarter, we also benefited from strong demand in weather-related categories as well as under car hard part categories. The harsh winter weather this year and the associated wear and tear it inflicts on vehicles is a positive development after the last 2 mild winters in our industry and should support demand in under car categories as we move through the next 2 quarters.
Now I'd like to discuss the update to our full year comparable store sales guidance and our outlook for the remainder of the year. As we announced in our earnings release yesterday, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 1% to 3% from our previous range of down 2% to flat. This increase in our expectations is based on the strength of our first quarter results and our continued robust performance quarter-to-date in April.
This is an exception to our normal practice, where we historically have not factored into our guidance revisions any business trends subsequent to the end of the quarter we are reporting because of the extreme volatility we can see over such a short time frame. However, the continued extremely strong sales momentum we saw at the end of March, aided by the latest round of stimulus, has continued into April, and we feel it appropriate to reflect this outperformance in our annual guidance update.
As we look forward to the rest of 2021, we remain confident in the positive underlying fundamentals of consumer demand in our industry. Even before we started to see the impact of the most recent rounds of stimulus at the end of the first quarter, we were capitalizing on strong demand from DIY consumers willing to take on larger jobs and invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles. We've also been encouraged by the improving trends on the professional side of our business, even as we remain in an environment of decreased employment, increased work-from-home arrangements and lower miles driven in the U.S.
We can't be certain regarding the pace of improvements in these factors given the uncertain nature of how the economy will exit the pandemic, but we remain confident we will benefit as miles driven return to historical norms. However, we remain cautious in our outlook as we move forward through the rest of 2021 and still anticipate potentially significant quarter-to-date variability due to fading tailwinds from the government stimulus and the potential that some demand has been pulled forward as a result of the favorable weather backdrop and extremely soft -- strong demand in the first quarter.
As a reminder, we faced extremely difficult prior year comparisons in the -- for the remainder of the year, especially on the DIY side of the business, with the most significant pressure in that outlook expected for the second and third quarters. While it remains impossible to predict how the remainder of the year will play out for our industry or the broader economy, we know that a significant driver of our success is completely within our control, and we fully expect to continue to leverage the strength of our business model and industry-leading team to build out strong share gains in 2021.
Moving on to gross margin. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53.1% was a 76 basis point increase from the first quarter 2020 gross margin. The improvement was above our expectations built into our guidance range and benefited from the outperformance of a higher-margin DIY business as well as good leverage of distribution costs on the strong sales volume. For the full year of 2021, we continue to expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.2% to 52.7%. Our guidance continues to include a muted expectation for any gross margin benefit from inflation. To the extent that we see more inflationary pressures than expected, we anticipate pricing in our industry will remain rational.
For the first quarter, our earnings per share of $7.06 represents an increase of 78% over $3.97 in the first quarter of 2020 and a compounded 2-year growth rate of over 30% compared to the first quarter of 2019. And I want to again congratulate Team O'Reilly on this outstanding performance.
For 2021, we are raising our full year guidance to $24.75 to $24.95, an increase of $2.05 from our previous guidance, driven by the strong year-to-date sales results and the excellent operating profit flow-through, which Jeff will discuss in more detail in a moment. The midpoint of our revised guidance now represents an increase of 6% versus 2020 and a 2-year compounded annual growth rate of 18% compared to 2019. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases.
Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our inventory position and the status of our supply chain. The strength of our supply chain, including our strong relationships with our supplier base, and the historical investments we've made to build out our industry-leading distribution network and inventory availability has long been a strategic competitive strength for our company. This competitive advantage has really shined through the past year and been a key factor in our strong sales performance, but our supply chain has definitely been pressured as we've experienced elevated sales volumes.
We've been pleased with the strong performance of the majority of our supplier base and, overall, our supply chain has held up very well. But we do have room for improvement with a small number of suppliers who have underperformed due to pandemic impacts, raw material shortages or shipping delays.
We have also faced pressures in our distribution centers as our dedicated DC teams have been processing record levels of inbound and outbound shipments. Just like in our stores, our DC teams have been working extremely hard to take care of our customers and support the extremely strong sales, even as the current levels of volume have created stress on normal operating capacity of our facilities. We remain very committed to maintaining and growing our competitive advantage and inventory availability and view the current pressures we're facing in the short term.
To finish my comments, I want to again express my gratitude to our team for their continued selfless dedication to our company and to our customers. Our first quarter performance was truly incredible and is a testament to the hard work and commitment of our team. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

Yes. Greg, this is Greg. So we were very pleased with both sides of the business. We're very pleased with the positive results we had, both in traffic and ticket average on both sides of the business.
Similar to what we saw last year when government stimulus was introduced, the DIY side of our business typically benefits more quickly and more favorably than the DIFM side. With the benefit that we saw in March and, to a lesser degree, I guess, in January, that really impacted the DIY side of the business and broadened that spread over what we saw in the past couple of quarters, more similar to what we saw when the last incentive was in place, I guess, was the second or third quarter last year.

Right.

Jeff, do you want to take that one?

Yes. It's a great question, and I wish I had a great answer for it. It's -- we know that the share gains are a contributor for the quarter. But we also know that stimulus is a contributor for the quarter, and weather is a contributor for the quarter. So it's hard to differentiate how much of the benefit in the quarter was from share gain.
And I'll tell you, if you talk to our stores up and down the streets, they'll tell you that we are, without a doubt, taking share. They're seeing repeat customers. We're focused on making sure we're providing a high level of service to all those customers. And we still feel like we're hanging on to some of that share gain, both from big box and from some of the smaller 2-steppers. I just don't really have a good way to quantify how much of the sales improvement was from -- specifically from share gain.

Sure. Jeff, do you want that one?

Yes. Scot, this is Greg. It's the latter. Early in the year on our fourth quarter call, we talked about the uncertainty and all the unknowns that we would face in 2021, including government subsidies and weather and miles driven and vaccine availability and all those things. So our updated guide is based solely on performance to date through this point in April. We've made the same assumptions that we made first part of the year on the back half of the year. And there's just so many unknowns that we didn't make any adjustments for the back half.

Great questions and a lot of unknowns around those questions, Brian. We did benefit in March and into April. We feel like a significant part of that, that was from stimulus. Unfortunately, we don't know how long that trend will continue. Historically, that's not lasted much beyond a quarter or a few weeks into the following quarter. It has carried on over into April this time, but we just don't know how long that trend will last nor do we know if there'll be additional government stimulus. It seems less likely that there'll be future stimulus this time. But we just really don't know what that will be.
Tom, do you want to take the second half?

Yes. Brian, some days, I wish I wouldn't have even called that out. Because we called it out more of an anomaly, that car care -- I'm sorry, washes, waxes, a lot of performance products, we just saw more growth than we typically see last year.
Now when you compare that to batteries and a lot of other hard part categories, sales were much stronger in those categories last year than they were in these, what you call, hobby categories. But we called it out last year because there was some sort of an anomaly.
When you look at 2021 performance in the first quarter, we did sell a lot of car care products, and performance was still -- performed very well. As a matter of fact, all of our categories performed well. But when you look at those categories, those unusual categories that spike, performance -- there's an enthusiast out there that buys performance parts day in and day out, but your average consumer doesn't buy a lot of performance parts. They buy OE replacement parts.
So we have seen that trend continue, but probably to a lesser degree than what we saw last year. But again, that's really not a significant driver to the comp. The more significant driver for our core categories, battery, brakes, under car, things like that, which also have performed very well this year.

Yes. Michael, if you look at the dollars as opposed to the percentages on a 2-year basis, I think our projections are still pretty aggressive.

Yes. Jeff, do you want to take that one?

Yes. Liz, I would say that our industry actually performed pretty well. There are some small players that we're having conversations with that may be an opportunity for us to acquire. We're looking -- we're always looking at acquisition targets. We're always looking for strategic acquisition targets that are a bargain or a competitive advantage or a market that we need to move into, and we value those acquisitions accordingly based on the value to -- that it brings to the company.
There's just not a lot of bigger acquisition targets, larger chains left out there that are in markets that we don't already have exposure to. So really, what we're focused on is the smaller acquisitions. And when I say smaller acquisitions, I mean, 1, 2, 3, maybe 5, 10 store chains, just whatever comes down the pipe. We would absolutely be open to some companies the size of a bond or a [ vintage ] that may have 20, 30, 40 stores, should those come available. We also continue to look for acquisition opportunities outside of the U.S. as well.

Yes. It's a great question, Zach. The fact that new car sales are softer and used car sales have been pretty strong, a lot of that's based on supply and demand, that's good for our industry. That's good for our industry for a couple of reasons. One is, as you allude to, the DIY channel, a lot more of those maintenance repairs and maintenance cycles can be performed in the DIY channel. And also, most of the time or a significant portion of the time, I should say, those vehicles are probably out of warranty.
So they're out of the warranty period. The consumer has 2 options: option A is to go to their independent garage, one of our professional customers; or two, do the repairs themselves. Or take it back to the dealer, which most consumers probably would not choose because of the cost factor of making those repairs.
I think we've seen over the past year a willingness of the DIY consumer to do more repairs and maintenance on their vehicles than we have historically seen. Is that going to be -- is that going to continue into the future? It's hard to say. I sure hope it does. As I've said in the past, I think that there's some traditions involved here. I remember changing the oil in my car with my dad when I was younger. And hopefully, some of these traditions where you had a father showing their children how to change the oil and maybe change suspension or breaks, the easy repairs, hopefully, a lot of that sticks and stays in the DIY channel.
But either way, whether it's the DIY channel or the DIFM channel, the strength in used car sales should benefit our industry and the aftermarket.

Thank you, Jack. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a record-setting quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.