Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present.
It's my pleasure to congratulate Team O'Reilly on our excellent performance in the third quarter and to thank every member of the team for their unwavering commitment to our company's culture of providing excellent customer service to each and every one of our valued customers. After seeing some weather-driven volatility in the first half of 2019, demand in our industry evened out in the third quarter, and our team did an excellent job of taking advantage of the solid industry backdrop to deliver a strong 5% comparable store sales growth in the quarter, which is at the top end of our guidance range. I'm pleased that our team was able to translate this top line performance into an 11% increase in operating profit dollars and a 13% increase in earnings per share to $5.08 per share, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range by $0.25. Our third quarter performance is the result of our team's relentless focus on excellent customer service and expense control. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales growth stands at 3.9%, which is consistent with prior year and in line with our full year guidance we have maintained throughout the year at 3% to 5%.
Now I'd like to provide some additional color on the composition of our third quarter comparable store sales results. Both the DIY and professional sides of our business contributed positively to our comp growth in the third quarter, with professional again being the stronger contributor. Part of the performance of the professional side of our business is the result of a calendar benefit from one less Sunday during the third quarter this year as compared to 2018. Sunday is our lowest-volume day of the week on the professional side and the impact of one less Sunday was a benefit of roughly 50 basis points to our total comp sales for the quarter. During the first quarter of 2019, we had one additional Sunday versus 2018. So through the first 9 months, we're even on Sunday and there's no impact to our year-to-date comps. Even adjusting for this benefit, we saw a robust comparable ticket growth in our professional business during the quarter driven by strong performance in key undercar hard parts categories, including brakes, ride control and chassis as well as more typical performance in hot weather-related categories.
Ticket counts in our DIY business continued to see pressure, consistent with our recent trends as customers on this side of our business remain more susceptible to the rising price environment. However, in total, our comparable ticket counts were positive for the quarter.
The long-term driver of increased parts complexity, coupled with the current inflationary environment, continues to drive increases in average ticket, which accounted for the majority of our comp increase in our third quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we have experienced product acquisition cost inflation driven by tariffs and other input cost increases passed on from our suppliers. As has been the historical experience in our industry, the nondiscretionary nature and immediacy of need in the products sold in the aftermarket has allowed our industry to rationally pass through these acquisition cost increases. The impact of those top line increases accelerated in the third quarter as the most recent round of tariffs went into effect and our industry began passing through these costs at the beginning of the third quarter. We would expect to see a continued tailwind from the benefit of these price increases in the fourth quarter, though to a lesser extent as we began to calendar price increases that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 driven by the first round of tariffs. 
Including the additional price changes we began to see in the beginning of the third quarter this year, we now expect to see a larger benefit from increasing average ticket with same SKU pricing of 2.5% to 3% for the full year. As we have discussed on our last 2 calls, we continue to believe the pressure of rising prices to be a short-term constraint to DIY ticket count growth as much -- as our more strapped consumers react to deferred maintenance when possible, trading down to the good, better, best value spectrum when necessary repairs can't be deferred. However, we believe that consumers will adjust to price pressures and the ticket count growth in our business will return to historical trends over time.
As I previously mentioned, we saw more normal weather patterns in the third quarter than we saw in the first half of the year. We would describe sales of seasonal products as being as expected and did not significantly benefit from catch-up of pent-up demand on seasonal products. Adjusted for the Sunday shift, the cadence of the third quarter sales were also very steady as we saw very consistent results, especially in core hard parts categories throughout the quarter and have seen a similar start to the fourth quarter thus far in October. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we continue to have confidence in the strength of the broader aftermarket, characterized by stable employment and general macroeconomic conditions, low gas prices, modest increases in miles driven and increasing age and complexity of vehicles. In line with these market conditions and based our performance so far in 2019, we're establishing our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5% and reiterating our full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. As always, our team remains focused on providing the best possible service to our customers, and we remain very confident in our ability to gain share and generate results which outperform the market.
For the quarter, our gross margin of 53.3% was a 35 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2018 margin and was a high end -- or was at the high end of our expectations for the quarter. We continued to see stability in gross margin even in light of pressure from tariffs and other input cost increases as pricing remains rational in our industry. We are leaving our gross margin guidance for the full year unchanged at 52.7% to 53.2% of sales though, as Tom will discuss in his prepared comments, we now expect to come in near the top end of that range. Our operating profit dollar growth was 11% for the third quarter, which represents our strongest quarter growth since 2016. We also expect our operating profit as a percentage of sales to come in at the top end of our previously guided range of 18.7% to 19.2%.
Moving on to earnings per share. Our third quarter EPS of $5.08 was an increase of 13% over last year. And on a year-to-date basis for the first 3 quarters, our EPS of $13.63 was an increase of 10% over 2018. We're establishing our fourth quarter guidance at $4.12 to $4.22. Based on our strong sales and profit results for the quarter, our expectations for the fourth quarter profit and EPS tailwinds from shares repurchased, we're raising our full year EPS guidance to $17.75 to $17.85. Our full year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Again, I would like to thank our team of over 82,000 dedicated team members for the outstanding third quarter performance.
I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

Sure, Chris. Third quarter, we were up slightly on the cash, the DIY side of our business. If the tariffs and inflation persist, we feel like the more cash-strapped consumer will have to make some decisions, not much different than what we would face with rising fuel prices and ordinary inflation. And while we haven't seen a lot of evidence of deferred maintenance, it would be somewhat likely that, that would be a decision that, that consumer might make if they were having financial difficulties to defer -- not, not complete those maintenance cycles but defer those and extend those maintenance cycles out a little bit longer. So we haven't seen a lot of evidence. Those more elastic categories are more the maintenance categories like oil and things like that. And we haven't seen any evidence that there's been a big shift there, but that could happen these tariffs and inflationary -- should this inflationary environment continue.

Sure. Great question, Matt. One of the things, kind of going back, we've been talking about entering markets outside of U.S. for, oh, a few years now. And we've been looking, obviously, in Mexico as well as in other North American countries for that right opportunity. What I would tell you is that the Mexico opportunity seemed to come about more quickly than other areas of North America. And as we moved into Mexico, we really were looking for acquisition candidates that check several boxes that we needed to have checked. And some of those include they need to have a solid store base. They need to have a leadership team that was grounded and understood the marketplace very well. They needed to be a good culture fit for our company. And they needed to have scalable systems. And while we looked at some companies along the way that were larger than the Mayasa organization, the Mayasa organization seemed to check all of those boxes. So very solid leadership team. As Jeff said in his prepared comments, they've been in business for well over 60 years. The leadership team in Mexico will remain in place and will work very closely with our company's leadership to direct our future opportunities down there.
Now what I would tell you is we haven't closed on the deal yet and there is much work to be done, which, as Jeff said, was one of the reasons that we reduced our store count outlook for 2020, is because of the level of effort that goes into preparing for growth in Mexico. And again, the Mayasa organization gives us the ability to do that. They've got distribution. They've got the knowledge of the marketplace. But our real estate team and operations teams have a great deal of work to do to really understand, to fully understand that marketplace and learn from the Orendain family and the leadership to drive our future growth in Mexico. Jeff, did you want to add anything to that?

Not any more than what we've normally seen. When you look at the life cycle of our good, better, best product levels, as the vehicle gets older in that life cycle, the consumer tends to buy more towards the good or better end of the spectrum. There's exceptions to that, but overall leading into the higher-end vehicles would tend -- and the professional side of our business would lean more towards the higher end of that good, better, best spectrum. And then the older the vehicle gets, the more likely they are to trade down to the lower end of that spectrum.

No, company-owned stores is 20 in Mexico.

Yes.

What I would tell you is we still feel like we can operate somewhere in the neighborhood of 6,500 stores in the U.S., and our U.S. growth over time will continue as we approach that number. But what we're going to do is we're going to kind of blend that growth between the U.S. and countries outside the U.S., the first being Mexico.

Yes. Scot, what I would tell you is I don't know the starting point of that sweet spot has moved that much. But I think the sweet spot itself has expanded because vehicles are just lasting longer. If you look at whether it's 5 to 7, 6 to 8, 6 to 10, I think that, that initial inflection point of the sweet spot is driven by the vehicles coming off warranty. As soon as those vehicles come off warranty, a lot of those maintenance and repair items go to the professional installer. And then over time, as those vehicles get older, we benefit on the DIY side as well. But vehicles are just lasting longer, vehicles lasting between 11 and 12 years now. And a lot of times vehicles that are on their second and third ownership pattern are being maintained as well as they were when they came off the assembly line.

Yes. Michael, we're not seeing any. Again, our professional side of our business was very strong. So what we've been talking about here is the DIY side of our business. And we haven't seen any of the elastic categories take a big hit because of this. What we would say in summary is if inflation persists, again, no different than ordinary inflation or gas prices or what have you, that, that consumer may have to make some decisions. And what those decisions may be would be deferring or extending maintenance cycles on those categories, some of which are more elastic, or perhaps trading down from a good, better, best spectrum on required repairs.

I think it is, yes.

Thank you, John. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a strong third quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.