Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. 
To begin today's call, I would like to congratulate Team O'Reilly on delivering a truly remarkable year in 2020. At this time last year, when we first provided our outlook for 2020, we could never have anticipated the challenges we would face during the year. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted every facet of daily life in the United States and has required our teams to show tremendous flexibility in executing our business model and taking care of our customers. There simply aren't words to describe the selfless dedication, hard work and sacrifices our team members in our stores, distribution centers and offices demonstrated during 2020. 
From the onset of the pandemic, we have closely monitored and quickly adapted to evolving information, recommendations and requirements issued by public health agencies and state and local governments, as we continually update our protocols and procedures to ensure best practices are followed. Our top priority continues to be the protection of health and safety of our team members and customers, while meeting the critical needs of our customers as an essential service provider. 
Before I move on to the rest of our prepared comments today, I want to thank Team O'Reilly for your amazing dedication and performance during an incredibly challenging and successful 2020. The bedrock of our company's success sets our founding 63 years ago has been providing excellent customer service, and never has the value we provide to our customers been more evident than during the past year. Our team consistently stepped up to the plate to meet our customers' critical needs in the midst of extremely challenging circumstances and delivered record-breaking results in 2020, highlighted by full year comparable store sales growth of 10.9% and an annual operating profit of 26%. 
2020 represents our 28th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income, and none of the 27 preceding years was anything like 2020. 
Now we will cover our fourth quarter results and the full year expectations supporting our 2021 guidance. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew at 11.2%. As we discussed on the last 2 quarters calls, we anticipated that sales would return to a level, which was closer to our expectations from the record-setting pace we saw in the middle of the year, but we remain very pleased at how steady and elevated our sales have been. 
From a cadence perspective, after starting the quarter on a strong trend, as noted on our last conference call, we saw sales moderate somewhat in November but finished December with the strongest performance of the quarter, as we saw our robust underlying sales trend supplemented by a benefit from cold weather categories. The composition of our strong sales performance in the fourth quarter continue the trends we've experienced in the past 2 quarters, with our DIY business being the stronger contributor during the quarter, driven by robust increases in both ticket comp counts, ticket count comps and average ticket comps. However, our professional business also performed well and strengthened as we progressed through the quarter. 
Our average ticket growth in the quarter and full year 2020 exceeded our expectations despite a limited benefit from inflation, indicating a continued ability and willingness of our customers to work on larger projects. From a category standpoint, we continue to see broad-based, robust sales trends across all categories with very strong performance in our DIY outfront categories and batteries. Even in an environment of pressure on total miles driven, as a result of the pandemic, we saw continued brisk sales in our undercar and Car Parc categories. 
As we look forward to 2021, we remain very confident about the health of the automotive aftermarket, and we are monitoring several potential tailwinds and headwinds that affect our outlook for the coming year. While it is impossible to quantify the exact impact of the various factors that drove the surge in volume we experienced in 2020, we believe our industry benefited from several positive tailwinds that contributed to our extremely strong performance. 
In the early stage of pandemic, government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits under the CARES Act provided immediate demand in our markets and have helped shore up the U.S. consumer even in the face of increased unemployment. However, the strength of demand in our industry has stayed very strong throughout 2020, and it is also clear that we benefited from an increased willingness by DIY consumers to invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles for a number of reasons. 
As we've seen repeatedly in previous economic cycles, the current economic uncertainty drives consumers to defer new car purchases and invest in keeping their existing vehicles on the road. The trend in 2020 for DIYers to take on larger jobs reflects this renewed focus on addressing underperformed maintenance. We also believe the strength we've seen in what have typically been more discretionary appearance and accessory categories reflects a shift in consumers allocating more of their time and spend to their vehicles and away from spending on other activities not possible during the pandemic. 
As we evaluate the staying power of increased demand and we've seen on the DIY side of our business in 2020, we remain cautious, knowing that some of those tailwinds to automotive aftermarket demand may soften as we move further past the economic disruption brought on by the pandemic. However, we have been encouraged by how resilient the strong sales trends have been as we move past the injection of additional dollars into the economy and remain confident that consumers will continue to see value in repairing and maintaining their vehicle in a difficult economic environment as we've seen during similar periods in our history. 
We've also been pleased with our performance even in the face of declines in miles driven in the U.S., driven by decreased employment and increased work-from-home arrangements as well as a slower pace of economic activity. The performance of our professional business took longer to stabilize after the initial pandemic shutdowns due to the consumers' initial reluctance to take their vehicle to a professional installer shop for repairs and the demographics of the consumers on this side of the business, making them more likely to work from home and drive less. The professional business began to turn around in May and delivered solid above-plan results for the third and fourth quarter. However, for the full year, our professional business was below our expectations. While sustained pressure to miles driven as a long-term negative to our business, we're encouraged that we've performed well in the current environment and believe we will benefit as miles driven returns to historical norms postpandemic. 
While it is evident that these positive tailwinds we have experienced have also benefited the entire automotive aftermarket, our extremely strong results in 2020 were also driven by significant share gains. We offer a compelling value proposition to our customers, providing excellent customer service through a well-equipped, technically proficient team of professional parts people leveraging industry-leading parts availability. The strength of this business model and our team who worked tirelessly to keep our stores open, stocked and supplied, wise and continues to be a huge advantage in an incredibly difficult environment and differentiates us from the experience offered by some of our competitors in big box stores. Each new customer is hard one, and our team remains committed to deliver on the promise of outstanding customer service in each store every day. We're confident the goodwill we've created for meeting our customers' essential needs during this crisis will drive customer loyalty and earn their repeat business. 
As we have thought through the dynamics of demand in our industry and our performance over the last several quarters with a focus in looking forward to 2021, we remain confident in the strength of our industry and the ability for our team to continue to produce strong top line sales. However, we have experienced a tremendous surge in our business after the initial onset of the pandemic, and we remain cautious as we plan for the coming year in anticipation of continued significant uncertainty and the potential for volatility in our results. 
On the professional side of our business, we expect solid performance throughout the year as we anticipate our current momentum to continue, as miles driven continues to rebound. However, on the DIY side of the business, we face extremely difficult comparisons beginning in April, as we lap the biggest surge in demand in a short period of time in our company's history. 
As a result, we are guiding to a comparable store sales range of down 2% to flat versus comparable store sales growth of 10.9% in 2020, with the most significant pressure in that outlook expected for the second and third quarters, as we lap the record volumes. Thus far in 2021, we have been pleased with our results, as our strong sales trends have continued, and we benefited from additional government stimulus and favorable winter weather. 
For 2021, we are reinstating our practice of providing selected annual guidance. As we move through 2021, we anticipate we'll face significant quarter-to-quarter uncertainty as the broader impact of recovery from the pandemic is difficult to predict. The potential volatility, coupled with dramatic different comparisons to the unique business trends we saw play out in 2020, makes it extremely difficult to project the timing and cadence of our business with a high degree of certainty. As a result, we are limiting our guidance to expectations for the full year of 2021 and not providing guidance for individual quarters. 
As a final note on our outlook, our guidance doesn't incorporate any further benefits from additional government stimulus or unemployment benefits since the timing and ultimate impact of these measures is difficult to project. As we move through 2021, we will update our annual guidance as appropriate as we could see more significant volatility than we have historically as our industry and the U.S. economy charts a course out of this pandemic. 
Moving on to gross margin. For the fourth quarter, our gross margin of 52% was a 131 basis point decrease from the fourth quarter of 2019 gross margin. The reduction from last year was driven by a reduced LIFO benefit from the impact of merchandise purchased in 2019 before tariff-related cost increases as well as the planned expected dilution from Mayasa. Both impacts are consistent with the pressure experienced in the third quarter and in line with our expectations. 
As a reminder, on the tariff cost impact, through 2019, we received a gross margin benefit from the sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the tariff-driven acquisition price increases in 2018 and 2019, and we have experienced headwinds in the back half of 2020, as we compared against this 2019 benefit. We also experienced headwinds to gross margin in the fourth quarter related to the expiration of certain tariff exclusions we had received in the back half of 2019 that expired in 2020. 
For the full year, gross margin came in at 52.4%. And for 2021, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.2% to 52.7%. For the quarter, earnings per share of $5.40 represents an increase of 27% over $4.25 in the fourth quarter of 2019. For the full year, earnings per share were $23.53, which represents a 32% increase over 2019. For 2021, our guidance is $22.70 to $22.90, representing a decrease of 3% versus 2020 at the midpoint. However, on a 2-year compounded annual growth rate basis compared to 2019, our expected 2021 diluted earnings per share represents a forecasted annual increase of 12.9%. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. 
To finish my comments, I want to, again, offer my appreciation to Team O'Reilly for an outstanding year. We truly have the best team in the country, and we couldn't be proud of your hard work and dedication to our customers in 2020. 
I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

Tom, do you want to take that one off?

Yes. To add to that, Simeon, on the category question, we were pleased with our performance across the board. I did call out undercar. Really, the only categories that underperformed were weather and miles driven-related. Things like lighting and wipers were softer than what we would have liked to have seen. But one of the shifts that we saw during the quarter, and I also called this out, is the willingness and ability of the DIY customer to take on larger jobs than perhaps they would have historically. 
And for example, some of our undercar lines, like brakes, really performed well and better than expected on the DIY side of the business that were typically that would be a stronger category for the DIFM side.

Yes, Michael, this is Greg. Really, 2020 was no different than any other year. We have competitors out there, both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business that there's price movement based on cost inputs, there's price input based on commodities. They go into the product. There's price inputs based on trying to grow sales, changing suppliers. It's an ongoing battle, and it's something that we face year-over-year. And really, we work hard, both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business to make sure we're priced competitively. And frankly, I don't see 2020 as being any different than any other year in that respect. We did the same things. We passed along cost increases where we could, as we always do, and we closely monitored our competitor pricing trends. So really, I don't think we did anything any different in 2020 than we would do any other year.

Jeff, do you want to start that off? And maybe Tom will add to it.

Scot, here's what I would tell you. Our sales overall grew at an incredible pace this year, and our e-com sales grew at an incredible pace this year. But the end result is that e-commerce is still a very, very small percentage of our overall sales number. When you break it down by buy online, pick up in-store or ship to store versus ship -- purchase in store, our growth was substantially higher, pick up in store, ship to store, just demonstrating that the consumer, again, sees tremendous value and coming to our brick-and-mortar business, whether it's curbside pickup or they actually come into our stores in lieu of buy online, ship to home where they actually get additional discounts. So we're very pleased with our e-com results. Although, again, it's a very, very small percentage of our total overall sales.

Yes. I mean, Scot, the strength of our supply chain, I think, really has been one of our competitive strengths forever, and I think it really shined through in 2020 and just demonstrated that true strength. We -- one of the things that we elected to do years ago was to require our international suppliers to keep products stateside here in the U.S., and that helped us early in the pandemic, and we were very aggressive with our ordering on the onset because we could see as sales began to trend upward. 
That said, our supply chain was definitely pressured in 2020, and we did have supply -- some suppliers that underperformed. We still have a handful of suppliers that are not performing at the level that we would like for them to, and we're working very aggressively to ensure that they get back up to speed. Some of that -- much of that is related to the pandemic, whether domestic or international. We have one domestic supplier that has challenges with COVID right now, and the market that they're doing their manufacturing and distribution is really being hit hard right now. But that's a short-term pain. 
And then there's a couple of suppliers that we're having issues with. It's more of an industry-wide event where we lost a supplier in the category early on this year. But what I would tell you generally is things have improved from a supply standpoint, and we feel good about the very few suppliers that we have that are not performing well.

Yes, Chris, as we talked about, there are several levers, several tailwinds that benefited us in 2020. And we certainly hope some of those dynamics carry over into 2021, obviously, not the pandemic itself, but some of the other trends. 
When you look at where we feel like we made the most progress from a share gain perspective in 2020, we feel like it was some of the smaller WD players out there that maybe don't have the supply chain strength we did and have the product availability that we had. I think that shift, assuming that our stores did a good job servicing those customers, which we all know they did, we hope that some of that is sticky business, and we're in a relationship business. And hopefully, some of those customers on both sides, both professional on the retail side, continue to come into our stores. 
The other area where we feel like we took some share is a big box retailers. And when you think about what you experience when you walk into a big box store, today, there's a little more apprehension with a lot of consumers about going into that environment for fear of contracting disease, you're masked and obviously all of those things. I think some of the consumers rather than walk to the back of the store to pick up a battery or wiper blades or what have you, fight the crowd, take that risk and then go home and install those products themselves, they came to O'Reilly. And they saw is, hey, we've got quality products. We've got competitive pricing, and guess what, we'll install those products for you there in the parking lot. So those customers that experienced that shift in 2020, we certainly hope a lot of that carries over 2021 and beyond.

Yes, it should definitely be favorable to our business. For every consumer that buys a used vehicle as opposed to a new vehicle, which would be under warranty and the first few years of repairs may go back to the dealer. When those consumers elect to buy a used vehicle rather than a new vehicle, typically, those are out of the warranty cycle, which brings more of that volume into our stores sooner.

Yes. Daniel, although that we've looked at it from a loyalty perspective. I don't know that when a customer walks in our store if we really know if they were previously a big box shopper or not. So from a loyalty perspective, a lot of the demographic that shops in the big box stores, you would think would be loyalty customers. They're definitely price-sensitive customers that were coming -- that came into our store. As far as sticky transactions, it was a challenging year for us, as Jeff said in his prepared comments. And store team members just did a heck of a job working long hours to take care of customers, meeting them in the parking lot, doing curbside delivery. We upped our service level in 2020, and we certainly hope that, that pays off from a relationship standpoint to maintain a lot of that volume in 2021 and beyond.

Thank you, Gigi. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team once again for their continued selfless dedication to our customers and for their incredible performance in 2020. We look forward to another strong year in 2021. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2021 first quarter results in April. Thank you.