Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. 
We are pleased to announce record-breaking performance for our third quarter and are again amazed at the ability of Team O'Reilly to produce such excellent results in the midst of one of the most challenging periods in the history of our company. Our team remained dedicated to our customers and drove an outstanding 16.9% increase in comparable store sales in the third quarter, a 39% increase in diluted earnings per share to $7.07 while also consistently executing on our protocols to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers in the midst of the COVID-19 crisis. 
While the challenges we face during 2020 are far from routine, our teams have done an exceptional job adjusting to the current environments and modifying the ways we conduct business during this pandemic. They've done so without sacrificing our focus on providing excellent customer service or any of the value our customers have come to expect. We continue to be diligent in our efforts to constantly evaluate and revise our safety protocols as recommended by public health and governmental agencies and are extremely focused on executing best practices across our company. 
Before we continue with our prepared comments, I'd like to express our deep gratitude to our team for their hard work and commitment to our customers. There is absolutely no question about how important our business is in meeting our customers' critical needs, and I couldn't be prouder of Team O'Reilly for their contributions during this once in a lifetime challenge. 
Now I'd like to provide some details on our robust performance in the third quarter. As we discussed on the second quarter conference call, we started off the third quarter with a continuation of the strong trends in top line sales volume we generated from mid-April through June. As we progress through the quarter, we continue to see resilient, robust sales performance on both sides of our business. 
From a cadence perspective, comps were in the strong mid- to high teens throughout the quarter with the best performance at the beginning of the quarter in July. We had steady, consistent performance in the balance of the quarter in August and September after adjusting for Sunday comparison differences between these 2 months. As we indicated in our press release yesterday, our comparable store sales thus far in the fourth quarter remained strong and are trending slightly below our third quarter exit rate in the low double-digit range. 
As we discussed on both our last 2 quarters' earnings calls, we have been very cautious on how we thought about our sales outlook as we progress through the unprecedented uncertainty in our markets and the broader economy. This includes a comment on last quarter's conference call that we expect that sales would moderate from the record-setting pace we were seeing at that time as we move through the back half of 2020. We've been somewhat surprised and definitely pleased at how steady our strong sales comps trends have been. And to the extent volumes did moderate in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, that moderation has been much more gradual than the immediate acceleration we experienced when demand swung heavily in our direction in April. 
Our sales trends are even more encouraging in light of the fading tailwinds to our business from the expiration of government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits under the CARES Act as we moved further past when those dollars were being injected into the economy. 
Moving to the composition of our strong sales performance in the third quarter. Our DIY business was the stronger contributor during the quarter, but our professional business also performed very well, and the relative trends on both sides of our business tracked along with the cadence for total sales in the quarter I just discussed. From a ticket perspective, we continue to see robust increases in both ticket count comps and average ticket comps on both sides of our business, even though we saw a muted impact in average ticket from same SKU inflation, which is in line with our expectations. 
As we saw in the second quarter, our category performance reflected strong performance across all of our product lines with some of the best performance in outfront categories in our DIY business as well as another extremely strong sales quarter for batteries. We believe these results indicate a continued ability and willingness of our DIY customers to work on larger projects. I want to be clear that even though these more discretionary categories have been our better performers for the last 2 quarters, we have still been very pleased with our sales volume across our business. While demand in under car hard part categories is more failure related and did not perform quite as strong as the company average in the third quarter, sales for these traditional categories were still robust and significantly better than historical trends. 
At this point, I'm sure the question everyone listening in on today's call would like to have answered is, what are the discrete factors that are driving this incredible surge in our sales and how long will they persist? Well, it's impossible to provide a definitive answer to that question, but we do expect demand to remain solid, and there are several potential tailwinds and headwinds we are watching as we look forward. 
We certainly saw for at least the last portion of our quarter continued tailwinds from government stimulus under the CARES Act and likely saw some residual benefit as unemployment benefits were partially extended for a short period of time later in our quarter. Even as those payments have lapsed, the positive impact they have had to support the health of the consumer has mitigated the negative impact from economic pressure on the consumers we would normally expect in a period of such rapid increase in unemployment and significant economic stress. 
We also have a long track record of experience from economic cycles in this industry, seeing consumers respond to economic uncertainty by deferring new vehicle purchases and investing more in maintaining their existing vehicles. The combination of this incentive to take care of an existing vehicle, coupled with the government stimulus, has likely driven a reduction in underperformed vehicle maintenance, and we expect our business will continue to benefit as economic conditions recover. 
Aside for the macro benefits that have helped the automotive aftermarket, it's also clear to us that our strong sales performance is the result of significant share gains our team has delivered over the course of the past several months. We execute a high-touch, capital-intensive business model that requires a well-equipped, technically proficient team of professional parts people providing outstanding service. We have simply been blown away by the amazing commitment and resilience of our team. 
In the face of extremely difficult circumstances, they haven't wavered in delivering the value propositions we promise to our customers. Our team's consistency in providing excellent customer service differentiates us and help us drive market-leading results in the stable economic conditions, and these advantages are even more pronounced when everyone in the automotive aftermarket is facing enormous external challenges. As pleased as we are with our team's great performance in the third quarter, we know the goodwill we've created from meeting customers' essential needs during this crisis will drive customer loyalty and even further business in the long term. 
We remain optimistic about the health of the automotive aftermarket and believe we will continue to see strong demand in our industry but remain cautious in our immediate sales outlook given the uncertainties that still exist. As miles driven has remained under pressure at the same time the government stimulus has ceased, we've been encouraged to see continued strong demand, particularly on our professional business, where the demographics of the ultimate consumer is more likely toward jobs that have instituted work-from-home arrangements. We can't anticipate what risk we could face if macroeconomic conditions worsen and miles driven stays depressed nor do we make any assumption as to whether there will be additional government stimulus or to the degree of which our demand would benefit. 
In the immediate short term, we would remind everyone on the call that our fourth quarter can be quite volatile given the variable impact of weather and consumer demand dynamics during the holiday season, which could be more pronounced this year as some consumers face economic challenges as a result of the pandemic. We can also see some volatility as a result of the election next week as we did in 2016. Ultimately, we'll have to wait and see where our sales level out. We have been very encouraged by the stability of sales trends during the 6-month period of record-setting comps and feel very confident our company continue to deliver solid sales growth even if the broader economic conditions deteriorate. 
Moving on to gross margin for the quarter. Our gross margin of 52.4% was a 96 basis point reduction from the third quarter 2019 gross margin. The decrease from last year was driven by reduced LIFO benefit from the impact of merchandise purchased in 2019 before tariff-related cost increases, which Tom will discuss more fully in his comments as well as the planned expected dilution from Mayasa. 
For the third quarter, our team delivered an operating profit margin of 22.6%, an increase of 250 basis points over the third quarter of 2019. And for the first 9 months of 2020, we have generated over $1.8 billion of free cash flow. Jeff will discuss our outstanding operating performance in more details in his prepared comments. 
Again, I want to offer my congratulations to Team O'Reilly for another quarter of record-breaking sales and profitability. Your willingness to go the extra mile to ensure everybody who enters our stores, DCs or corporate offices while also providing unwavering customer service is truly outstanding. 
I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

All right. Thanks, Greg, a lot of questions there. First, on the traffic and ticket question, I would tell you that if you divide that into the 4 quadrants, cash and charge for each, all 4 of those quadrants were positive. And we were pleased with both our ticket count and our average ticket. 
The gap -- looking at the gap between our DIY and DIFM side of the business, it did narrow slightly this time. Our overall comp was less. So our DIFM side of the business performed well to our expectation, and our DIY traffic was off slightly from where we were last quarter.

Excuse me, Brian, we're having a little problem with your connection. [Technical Difficulty]

Brian, I would tell you that the trend we saw in the second quarter has carried over end of the third quarter. A lot of our traditional categories that performed well have continued to perform well in the fourth quarter. We called out batteries especially performing well -- I'm sorry, not fourth quarter, third quarter. I'm getting ahead of myself there. But we did see strong performance in a lot of DIY categories as we did in the second quarter. 
A lot of categories that historically have not performed as well, meaning whether it's hot rod parts, performance parts, car detailing components, things like that, that we just think that a lot of that DIFM consumers have more time on their hands to perform some of those repairs. And frankly, we feel like some of the shift from DIFM to DIY for some of those easier repairs has been a result of that DIFM customer completing some of those repairs themselves as opposed to taking them into the shop for repair.

Well, Zach, it's hard to really determine. Some categories, it's obvious that it's "the hobby customer." Other categories, it's really hard to tell. When you sell spark plugs, is that a hobby customer? Or is that a maintenance need? Are they working on a project car that's had dust on it with a cover on it for 4 or 5 years that they just have time to work on all of a sudden because they've got more time from working from home? They don't have the daily commute, things like that. 
So I would say those categories that we called out, performance, car care, things like that, they performed similarly to second quarter. But again, I don't want to send any impression to anybody that, that was the meat of our sales improvement because it's not. We did see -- that is an unusual trend for our industry to see sales in those categories. But really the meat and potatoes of our P&L were the traditional categories that we sell, that continue to sell throughout the quarter.

Yes. I'll take the category question and see if Tom wants to comment on the margin component. As we said, all of our categories -- we're very pleased with how all of our categories have performed. The only surprises again will be the call out. But I talked about the last question about performance although not nearly as material as the traditional lines that sell very well for us. 
If you talk specifically about batteries, yes, we've seen significant battery sales for the quarter, actually, the past 2 quarters. Why? There's probably several reasons why. I think some of it is related to maybe cars sitting at home because people are working from home. We had a mild winter last year, so there may be some pull forward. We'll have to see how that plays out in the fourth quarter. 
But as far as supply, we've had some supply issues throughout the third quarter from some of our suppliers. It's probably a handful of suppliers that had significant supply issues. There's only a couple of major battery suppliers in the industry, and both of those suppliers have performed well. One of them better than the other, but both have performed well. Like other categories, our suppliers have faced challenges with COVID related to the number of shifts they can work, related to social distancing requirements, in one case related to wildfires out West. So it's been tough for our suppliers, just like it's been tough for us and our competitors to maintain staffing levels to keep up with demand. But overall, battery sales are great, as we called out, and our suppliers are doing a good job. 
I think that if you look at the chart of fill rate from our suppliers over the past 6 months since the pandemic began, you see the hockey stick effect and those few that are still not feeling as well as we would like, we're starting to see an upturn in their fill rate. 
Tom, do you want to talk about the margin impact?

Yes. Good question, Bret. What I would tell you is we've seen improvement. Like I said, there's really only a handful of suppliers that are -- well, let me break that out. There's a handful of suppliers that are having fill rate issues that they control. There's also a handful of smaller chemical suppliers that are having some issues just simply to get product for their product. In other words, there are so many containers that are going towards hand sanitizers. Some of these specialty vendors are still having trouble getting containers to ship their products in. But that too has started to shift back into a favorable position. 
So what I would tell you from a supplier component of the supply chain, we're seeing continued improvement. And there's only really a handful of suppliers that are really continuing to not fill at a rate that we desire. Looking at the entire supply chain, as Jeff called out, as strong as our supply chain is and as strong as our DCs perform, they're just not equipped for the comparable store sales volume we've seen. 
So to Jeff's earlier point, we've seen some pressures there in our DCs keeping up with the demand. We've done a good job of getting product out to our stores on a daily basis, but we've had some backlog on incoming freight. And we're working really hard to get that caught up. 
So overall, we feel good. Suppliers are doing a good job. We're doing a good job of getting caught up. And I would say, within the next 30 to 45 days, we feel like our supply chain will be back to normal.

Yes. Jeff, do you want to take that?

Yes. So I think it's several things. And if you look at market share gains, one thing I would tell you is I think the pie itself is bigger this year. I think there's more money being spent in the aftermarket as a whole because of the stimulus and some of the incentives that consumers have. But if you look at where those market share gains are coming from, you mentioned the smaller independents, I think that is a result of supply chain strength and our leverage and our ability to have inventory within our supply chain and have that inventory positioned in such a way in our supply chain that gives us a competitive benefit. 
The other piece that I think to a much lesser degree would be from the mass retail side. I think we're taking some market share from the mass retail side although to a much lesser degree because it's a lot fewer categories. I think the consumer in that case is frequently concerned about walking into a big box store to buy a battery or set of wiper blades or some product, and there's been a shift to the smaller retail box like ours. And I think there's been a surprise and delight function that goes along with that. When that customer comes in into one of our stores, not only are they able to get that product with not having the degree of interaction that they would have in a big box store but we also install that product for them as well. 
And I think that's evident. I get a lot of letters from customers over the years. And lately, a lot of those letters talking about the service level we provide have called out with a degree of surprise that we perform those functions. We install those batteries and wipers, and our traditional customer knows we do that. So I think we've brought some new customers under our stores. And I think one of the keys that market share that we've taken from both sides of the business is just the service level we provide and the stickiness and our focus on keeping those customers for the long term from both channels that I described.

Thank you, Howard. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in February.