Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; Brent Kirby, our Chief Supply Chain Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. 
I'd like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly for their hard work and commitment to drive another solid quarter, ensuring we deliver excellent service to each and every customer. Our team of over 84,000 dedicated professional parts people across the U.S. and Mexico continually reinforces our O'Reilly culture of excellent customer service. Their unwavering commitment to achieving such high standards and going the extra mile for our customers is key to our repeated success.  
Our first quarter results were headlined by a 4.8% increase in comparable store sales, which is on top of the record 24.8% comparable store sales we delivered in the first quarter last year, resulting in an impressive comparable store sales 2-year stack of 29.6%. These top line results produced diluted earnings per share of $7.17, which is an increase of 2% over our extremely strong first quarter of 2021 when we grew EPS by 78%, representing an outstanding 34% compounded annual growth rate when compared to the first quarter of 2020.  
Now I'd like to provide some color on our comparable store sales results and what we saw on both sides of our business as we move through the quarter. I'll begin by reiterating what we noted in our press release yesterday. Historically, weather creates volatility in our first quarter from both the type and severity of winter weather at the beginning of the quarter and from the timing of the onset of spring weather, and we definitely experienced choppiness in our first quarter this year. We encountered the volatility more significantly on the DIY side of our business, which I'll cover in a few minutes, but I'll start by discussing our professional business, which is much more consistent and the stronger performer in the quarter.  
In our professional business, we started the quarter with some pressure from the Omicron variant. And outside of this short period, our professional business in the quarter was consistent and in line with our expectations, with comp strongly positive in each month of the quarter. We're encouraged by the resiliency and consistency of our professional customer demand and still anticipate this side of the business to be the larger driver of our growth in 2022 as we share and consolidate the market -- as we grow share and consolidate the market. We have been pleased with the results from the professional pricing initiative we began rolling out company-wide in February. Brad will provide more color on this initiative in his remarks, but I'd like to comment that the market reaction from our competitors, thus far has been muted as expected and pricing remains rational.  
Turning to the DIY business. As I mentioned earlier, we saw much more volatility during the quarter on this side of the business. Early in the quarter, in addition to the headwind from inclement weather and Omicron, we also faced headwinds to DIY traffic for macroeconomic pressures stemming from the spike in gas prices and global instability. However, over the last 8 weeks, beginning in March and stretching into the beginning of our second quarter through the call today, volumes have become more consistent, though still hampered by less than ideal spring weather as our business benefits when we see an early start to spring.  
Our DIY customers also often perform their routine jobs outside of their driveways and will take advantage when warmer weather hits to catch up on the repair, maintenance and tune up items that have been temporarily on hold at the end of winter. This year, we have seen cold wet weather persist through much of spring in many of our markets. However, the corresponding impact to demand matches up with what we have historically seen in similar environments and we've been encouraged that DIY results have stabilized from volatility earlier in the quarter.  
From a cadence perspective, our DIY business faced very challenging year-over-year comparisons in March, driven by government stimulus payments that -- during that month of the last year. We also faced a step-up in professional comp comparison in March due to last year's stimulus, though to a lesser degree than our DIY business. However, the cadence for total comparable store sales for the quarter levels out on a 2- and 3-year stack basis, which eliminates the pandemic and stimulus impacts, with March being in the relative strongest over this extended period of time.  
The durable nature of our sales volumes, as evidenced by a 2-year stack of nearly 30%, demonstrates our team's ability to differentiate our in-store experience and service levels to the many new customers we encountered over the last 2 years and convert those new customers into repeat loyal customers.  
Next, I'd like to provide some color on our ticket count and average performance. The pressure to DIY ticket counts from the volatility we experienced throughout the quarter was offset by strong growth in average ticket, resulting in flat DIY comps for the quarter. We also saw a strong benefit from average ticket on the professional side of our business, which combined with an increase in ticket count drove double-digit professional comp growth. The continued strength in average ticket is in line with our expectation and reflects the benefit from the pass-through of cost increases into selling prices. Same SKU inflation was in line with our expectation for the quarter in the high single digits. 
However, we have seen additional pricing increases since we communicated our guidance outlook on last quarter's call. These additional price increases and any additional inflation moving forward will help our average ticket throughout the year but may create traffic headwinds as consumers deal with broader inflation across the economy. 
Now I'd like to turn our sales guidance. Now I'd like to turn our -- to our sales guidance and full year outlook. We are maintaining our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 5% to 7% and total sales guidance of $14.2 billion to $14.5 billion. Based on first quarter results, we are currently trending below our midpoint, but where we land will partly depend on how much of the wet weather impacts we experienced in the first quarter have deferred business later in the spring. We do believe we experienced necessary harsh winter to support demand of undercurrent categories as we move through the next 2 quarters.  
We also saw volatility in the DIY traffic in the first quarter that was likely driven in part by economic shocks from the spike in gas prices and global instability, and we remain cautious in how we think about the impact of macroeconomic pressures as we move forward. However, we also continue to remain confident with the broader industry backdrop with steady recovery of miles driven and increasing employment underpinning stable, robust growth trends in the automotive aftermarket. This, coupled with a strong value proposition, compelling consumers to invest in their vehicles as a result of the combination of quality engineered and manufactured vehicles capable of being driven to higher mileages and new vehicle supply constraints, elevating demand for used vehicles.  
Beyond these macro factors, we remain confident in our ability to capture market share on both sides of the business through our service-driven business model and robust supply chain.  
Shifting to gross margin. For the quarter, our gross margin of 51.8% was 126 basis point decrease from the first quarter of 2021 gross margin, in line with our expectations for the quarter with a decrease driven by the rollout of our professional pricing initiative. As a reminder, we began rolling out this initiative in February, so we did not see the full impact in the first quarter. But our gross margin results from both professional pricing and the higher mix of professional business was in line with our plan.  
Our gross margin outlook for the full year remains unchanged at a range of 50.8% to 51.3%. Earnings per share for the first quarter of $7.17 represents a 2-year increase over $7.06 in the first quarter of 2021 and a compounded 2-year growth rate of over 34% compared to the first quarter of 2020. Again, I would like to thank team O'Reilly for their unrelenting focus on driving profitable growth through excellent customer service. We are maintaining our full year 2022 EPS guidance of $32.35 to $32.85. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. 
Before I turn the call over to Brad, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the executive leadership transition we announced in our press release yesterday. After almost 16 years of exceptional leadership and service, Tom expressed his interest in taking on a different role with the company. Therefore, effective May 9, 2022, Tom will step down from his role as Chief Financial Officer and will continue his employment with O'Reilly in the role of Executive Vice President. And at that time, Jeremy Fletcher, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller, will be promoted to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  
Tom has been an important part of our success during his tenure, not only providing valuable operational and financial guidance, but also by identifying and mentoring many of today's senior leaders. We are very happy that Tom will continue to be an important part of our executive leadership team, and he will retain his current responsibilities for our information technology, real estate, legal and risk management efforts. We place great importance on succession planning as an integral part of our culture, and Tom has done an extraordinary job preparing Jeremy for this new role.  
Jeremy has been an O'Reilly team member for 16 years, with the last 5 years of service as Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller, and is also an exceptional leader who is well suited for the position of Chief Financial Officer. I'm very confident in his ability to help lead our company to continued success well into the future.  
To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly. Your dedication to living out our culture and taking care of our customers every day drives our continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham.  Brad?

It was high single digits, and that was for the whole company, Greg.

Yes, Brad, do you want to take that one?

Yes, Greg, and to add to that, as Brad said in his prepared comments, comparing against first quarter last year, we had unusually low SG&A last year, and we're comparing against that -- first half of last year, I'm sorry, specifically first quarter.  
And as we compare against that, as we've said last year and Brad and Jeff before him said, that was really a number that we knew needed to increase from a service level standpoint. So we plan for a little higher SG&A in the first quarter, and we fully expect that to come back down in that 2.5 range for the balance of the year.

Yes, Chris, I'll tell you, as we said, the first part of the quarter was really choppy, especially on the DIY side. There was a lot of -- there was more fluctuation in sales volume early in the quarter for the reasons you called out. The resurgence of Omicron, we felt like that impacted us earlier in the quarter.  
Fuel impact, probably didn't happen as much until the midpoint of the quarter until the back half of the quarter. But as I said in my prepared comments, we started to see more consistency in our DIY comp as we progressed through the quarter, specifically in the last month of the quarter and leading up to the call today.

Yes, Zach, great, great question. I wish I had a crystal ball and really understood exactly what the impact was. I'll tell you there's really 2 facets to weather in the first quarter that we've dealt with, as long as I've been in the industry, and that is: one, winter weather; and two, spring weather.  
So when you look at winter weather, specifically in the early part of the quarter, bad winter weather helps us in some markets short term with sales of things like batteries and wipers, and where people have -- their cars won't start because their battery died because of the cold weather. Then there's a lingering effect that based on the winter that we saw this year, we would expect to see some benefit in the second and third quarters. That's typically caused by rusting components under vehicles from salty roads, damage to steering and chassis components because of roads being damaged by the harsh weather. That would come typically later in the year post spring.  
The other weather component would be lighter in the quarter, and that's based on the timing of spring weather coming. And that's really what's been choppy this year is spring. It seems like every time you get a nice day, there's -- it gets cold again and starts raining. And a lot of our DIY customers depend on non-wet dry, warm days on the weekend to do their repairs. And it seems like we've been pressured with a lot of damp weekends in a lot of our markets this year.  
So weather has had an impact. Quantifying that as a portion of some of the other headwinds we talked about that we've seen, we really just can't do that.

Yes, Brian, this is Greg. I'll take that one and then see if Brad or Tom or Brent has anything to add. I don't look at price point specifically to driving consumers' driving habits. Gas prices definitely are going to impact miles driven over time. Unfortunately, miles-driven data, as you guys know, lingers for a couple of months, and we don't have data for the past few weeks.  
But what we believe is if gas prices ramp up incrementally over time, especially the DIY consumer who's typically more economically challenged, we'll adapt to that and budget for it. When you see spikes in fuel prices, like we saw late February, early March, often that will have more of an impact on miles driven and impact our business a little differently.   
But that's a short-term impact. I mean over time, those customers and consumers will have to budget a different portion of their income for fuel, because they've got to drive to work, they've got to drive their vehicles. One of the things that's a little different this quarter than what we've historically talked about fuel prices is we're in an inflationary environment, and a lot of things are moving from a cost perspective right now. But at the same time, we're all experiencing wage inflation.  
So as fuel prices have increased, wages have increased as well. And we're optimistic that, that's offsetting some of the pressure that fuel prices we've got on miles driven. Do you guys have anything to add, Tom or...

Yes, Brian, we're watching that really closely. We look at our product in a good, better, best category mix. And we have not seen evidence thus far of any trade down or any significant trade down. 
What we have seen is more of a supply chain issue than a pricing issue where some of our customers have been willing to trade from branded to proprietary or proprietary to branded, or up and down the value spectrum as needed when we don't have maybe exactly the brand of oil they want and stock at that time, they'll trade across brands or trade up and down. But from a price inflation standpoint, we've seen no evidence of consumers trading down.

Sure. So we're slow to announce some things, and we wanted to wait until the DC was underway and the contracts were signed and everything before we talked about that publicly, Bret. But we're happy with our progress we're making in Mexico. We're opening stores, albeit at a slow pace. 
Our strategy in Mexico is similar to our strategy here in the U.S. We want to make sure we've got the supply chain infrastructure in place before we really ramp up our store growth at a more aggressive pace because we want that customer experience to be what it's going to be long term, and we want that service level from our DC, for our professional customers, to be at the very highest level from day 1. 
So we're growing the market incrementally. You won't see the O'Reilly brand down in Mexico right now. You will still see Mayasa, Orma, and that's part of our strategy. We'll transition that over time. But the first step is to get the distribution center open. As Brad said, that will happen in the first half of next year. And then we would plan to ramp up our growth -- our store count growth in Mexico. And as we grow, consider additional distribution centers at that time. 
As far as capacity, one of our major competitors has over 600 stores down there. And we feel like there's a pretty big opportunity to grow our store count somewhere in that range in Mexico as well.

Brad, do you want to take that one?

Yes. And Bret, to add one more comment to that, is our pricing team continues to do what they do day in and day out, and that's monitor, make sure we're competitive in all of our markets. And we talk about the price decreases we made on the professional side, but keep in mind that's offset. We're looking for opportunities to increase prices as well as decrease our prices, and our pricing team will continue on that effort.

Brad, do you want to take that?

Yes. Simeon, we remain bullish both on the industry and on our company performance. Our DIFM business has been strong, and we expect it to be strong for the balance of the year. The uncertainty is around the DIY consumer. And we're still very optimistic there, but there's just -- when you look at fuel prices and you look at some of the headwinds that we talked about in our prepared comments, we just wanted to make sure that we acknowledged the risk for the balance of the year. 
We're still bullish. We still feel good. There's a lot of positives that will impact our DIY consumer. They're driving their vehicles, more miles, they're keeping them longer. There's a lack of new car inventory. So there's puts and takes in this. But we're not trying to be negative, we're just trying to acknowledge that there are some headwinds potentially.

The DIY side of the business is much easier to monitor pricing in the industry. And we always have and always will continue to make sure we're competitive on that side of our business. So DIY side is ongoing price adjustments, both up and down to ensure our competitiveness. On the DIFM side, it's a little tougher, and we took a more aggressive approach on the DIFM side this year.

That's correct.

Thank you, Richard. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering yet another solid quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.