Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call.
The 5 of us on the conference call today have a combined over 170 years experience in the automotive aftermarket, and we have collectively experienced many, many ups and downs in our industry. But in the 63-year history of our company, I can safely say we've never seen a quarter like this year's second quarter.
As we begin our prepared comments today, I'd like to start with the most important comment first, which is to thank Team O'Reilly for your amazing dedication and performance during one of the most difficult and challenging periods in our company's history. The communities we serve continue to face significant ongoing challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic, but our team has remained steadfast in executing our protocols to protect the health and safety of our team and our customers while providing outstanding customer service. It has never been more evident just how essential our role is in providing our customers with the critical parts they need and the service they expect to keep their vehicles on the road.
This quarter, we experienced the most dramatic swing in demand our business we have ever seen. And we're extremely proud of how our team stepped up to the challenge and delivered a record breaking quarter, highlighted by a comparable store sales increase of 16.2% and a 57% increase in earnings per share, combined with the year-to-date increase in operating cash flows of over $700 million. The numbers are a reflection of the tireless dedication and hard work of our team. And I want to congratulate all of Team O'Reilly on your incredible performance in the second quarter.
Before we dig further into the results for the quarter, I would like to provide a brief update on how our teams are responding to COVID-19 to ensure their continued health and safety of our team members and our customers. As we discussed on last quarter's call, with the onset of COVID-19, we very quickly implemented numerous safety protocols across our companies based on recommendations by the CDC, WHO and state and local governmental agencies. These measurements -- these measures include significantly increasing cleaning and sanitation efforts, the implementation of social distancing practices and the utilization of appropriate personal protective equipment. 
Our teams did a great job working through the initial period of rapidly evolving recommendations and have remained diligent in their execution as the pace of change in requirements have slowed and best practices have emerged. We remain committed to constantly evaluating and revising our safety protocols and currently, all team members company-wide are wearing face covers. Throughout the course of the crisis, our dedicated Team Members in our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices, have demonstrated extraordinary flexibility and resilience in the face of extremely difficult circumstances. 
Now I'd like to provide some details on our robust performance in the second quarter. We are extremely pleased with our top line sales results in the quarter and even more pleased with the incredible execution of Team O'Reilly in delivering these results. As we announced in our first quarter press release, the beginning of our second quarter was marked by a significant COVID-19 headwind, which was a continuation of the pressure we saw in our business starting in the middle of March, coinciding with the implementation of stay-at-home recommendations and orders. As we discussed on last quarter's conference call, this trend continued through the middle of April, as sales in the third week of April improved as our customers began to receive economic impact payments under the CARES Act. At that time, we had no way of forecasting the magnitude and the duration of the benefits from these stimulus payments nor could we anticipate what other factors would impact our customers and our business moving forward. As a result, we took a cautious stance on how we plan for our business and maintain ample flexibility to respond to further headwinds.
Simply put, our sales performance from the third week in April through the remainder of the quarter exceeded all expectations. During this time frame, our DIY business was the stronger contributor coming on quickly in the middle of April, improving in May and staying very strong in June. We're also very pleased with the performance of our professional business. Sales on that side of the business also began to see improvement in the middle of April, but at a more gradual pace than the immediate turnaround at DIY. 
However, as we progress through the quarter, professional sales continue to strengthen, generating robust comps above our expectations in May and June as state home orders began lifting and the broader economy began reopening. As a result of this cadence on both sides of our business, total comparable store sales were similar for May and June, and have remained strong thus far in July.
Next, I would like to provide a little color on the drivers of our record-setting sales results. For us to be able to produce a 16.2% comp increase in the second quarter, we obviously had a very favorable industry environment. However, just as it would have been tough to predict the sales results we've seen, it's also very difficult to quantify the magnitude of each of the positive macro factors. But I'll discuss in general terms what we've seen as the positive supporting demand in our markets. 
To begin, it's evident from the sharp turn in DIY business that the receipt of governmental stimulus payments under the CARES Act was the first catalyst supporting our sales growth in the quarter. However, given the degree of which robust sales trends have persisted, it's clear to us that enhanced unemployment benefits have also been a tailwind to the business, and we're likely more prominent in driving demand as we move through the quarter. We also believe that reopening of the economy and the partial recovery of miles driven was a positive factor, especially in our professional business as our customer service demographic that is more likely to have worked from home during March and April.
Although the impact of weather gets a little lost in the world of double-digit comps, in any other year, we'll be talking about the hot weather we've had, and this likely has been another positive for our industry. There are other beneficial industry dynamics we believe could have contributed to the strong demand in the quarter, but are also difficult to measure over a short period of time. We have long-held the times of economic uncertainty motivate consumers to make more cautious financial -- have a more cautious financial outlook, often leading them to postpone the purchase of a new vehicle and invest in maintaining their existing vehicle. 
Consumers with safety concerns about other modes of transportation either for a daily commute or vacation travel, could also be focusing more on maintaining and repairing an existing vehicle. It's difficult to have a clear picture yet of the magnitude of benefit we could be seeing from an increased vehicle age or catch-up of underperforming maintenance, but we're seeing some benefit. 
Finally, we could be seeing shifts in customer demand benefiting our business either in share gains from smaller competitors of big-box stores or a more general shift of demand dollars in the automotive aftermarket and away from discretionary expenditures for activities not possible in a COVID environment. 
From a ticket perspective, we saw robust ticket count increases during the second quarter, but average ticket size also increased significantly. With average ticket, same-SKU inflation was in line with our expectations. So the increase in ticket size is being driven primarily by larger jobs or more items on the ticket. On a category performance basis, we saw strong performance throughout our product offerings, including especially good results in appearance and accessory categories. These ticket and category dynamics suggest some of the strong demand we realized in the second quarter as a result of our customers having the ability and desire to work on larger projects as they have more time to spend repairing and maintaining their vehicles.
As we look forward to the balance of the year, we remain very cautious in our sales outlook and recognize the significant uncertainty that still exists concerning duration of the current positive market backdrop. In particular, we can't project the potential impact and expiration of the enhanced unemployment benefits would have and can't speculate as to whether there will be additional government stimulus or the degree to which our demand would benefit. We also remain concerned that continued pressure to miles driven from a difficult economic conditions and increased work-from-home arrangement could be a headwind if other positive catalysts prove to be temporary.
Ultimately, we expect to see a moderation of the record-setting sales pace at some point in the back half of 2020. We feel very confident our company to continue to deliver solid sales growth even if the broader economic conditions deteriorate. As important as general market factors were the catalyst for our growth in the second quarter, we could not have delivered such outstanding top line results without the incredible execution by our team. It's one thing to have strong demand. It's another to live up to the challenge of having the right part at the right time to take care of customers, while the business is on fire and we're allocating additional time to safety precautions. It takes a tremendous amount of hard work to handle the extra volume we saw this quarter and the outstanding contributions of our team were reflected in the strongest profit margins in the history of our company. 
For the quarter, our gross margin of 53% was a 12 basis point improvement over the second quarter of 2019 margin and above our expectations. Our gross margin benefited from the heavier DIY mix in our business, which carries a higher gross margin in our professional business as well as strong leverage on DC expenses on the robust sales volumes and incremental cost improvements. Partially offsetting these positive gross margin factors is a small LIFO headwind driven by acquisition cost decreases during the quarter, which Tom will discuss in more detail in his prepared comments.
For the second quarter, our team generated an operating profit margin of 23.8%, which exceeds our previous best single quarter performance by well over 300 basis points. As we reported in our press release yesterday, we don't view these levels of SG&A leverage to be sustainable over the long term. And Jeff will more fully cover these dynamics when I turn the call over to him in a moment.
But before I do that, however, I just want to congratulate Team O'Reilly on these great results and your ability to provide excellent customer service, even while tightly controlling expenses. Your extraordinary contributions to our company's success have never been more apparent, and I feel comfortable speaking for all of our shareholders and saying that you -- and saying thank you for an incredible performance in the second quarter and your unwavering commitment to serve our customers. 
I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

Thanks, Matt.

Sure. So I'll start that and let see if Jeff or Tom want to add on. So first, on appearance and accessory, that was -- that's not typically a real strong category for us. When you think about car care, cleanup, waxes, the accessories and trinkets that you can buy in our stores are, frankly, online. Those are typically not real strong sellers for us. And what we found this quarter is those type items as well as performance-related items, hobby-related items, items people are tuning up, their hot rides, their street rides, the cars that may have been covered up in the backyard or in the garage for a number of years, and we've seen a spike in sales in some of those categories that are typical -- typically maybe average performing categories. 
And we think part of the reason for that is just consumers are -- they have more time. And in a lot of cases, they have more discretionary money to spend because they're not doing a lot of the peripheral family activities that they might have done in prior years because of closures, sporting events not taking place, things like that. 
Tom, did you want to add anything?

Matt, I think you hit the nail on the head there. This is an unprecedented time, and the results are quite dramatic, how they've turned around. We've got a lot of water to go under the bridge. And we're still in the middle of this pandemic. So for us to speculate on next year, I think, would not be appropriate at this time.

Thanks, Matt.

We know that we ran a very skinny SG&A and deferred some of the work we need to do in the stores in the second quarter, just to take care of customers. So we anticipate that it will ramp up our staffing to meet the demand. Obviously, we pared back our staffing significantly based on a negative 13% comp that thankfully didn't persist. So we know we're going to have a higher SG&A spend. We're going to continue to detail, manage that on a day-to-day basis. And the biggest discretionary for us is store payroll, and I'll let Jeff speak to that.

Liz, to add a little bit more color to what Jeff's saying. I think we've run our stores just on a very, very tight budget over the last several weeks. And we have got to get back, as Jeff said in his prepared comments, that some of the fundamentals on store appearance and some of the things that, frankly, have suffered over the past few weeks. So we're going to have to put some more SG&A dollars back into the stores. We've already started that to make sure that our stores, appearance and the customer experience is as high as it ever has been.

Liz, what we would tell you is on a year-over-year basis, we do our best to create an environment and model in a company that can increase operating profit dollars year after year, which is what we've done. To the extent that the tax system changes, that's out of our control. And we need to be focused on how we continue to generate increasing operating profit dollars.

I don't think we've seen a lot of change yet on the parts store side or the professional installer side of our business. We've seen a little bit, but nothing material. As far as market share gain, Bret, it's really hard to say until the next few weeks, and we see what all of our competitors report, it's hard to tell what their sales look like. We know our sales were strong. We're very, very pleased with the performance of our store and DC teams to drive the results that we drove this quarter. We feel like we've taken some market share, but we won't know for sure until we see the earnings releases. 
When you look at big box specifically, that comment is centered around myself and others have seen a lot of product outages, not necessarily only in the auto parts sector, but just the big box and the pure e-commerce players have struggled somewhat over the past several weeks due to pandemic. And they've had challenges staying in an in-stock position, and we're very, very proud of our supply chain because we've been able to maintain an in-stock position both for our brick-and-mortar and our online customers and we've seen some shift. 
It's no secret that our e-commerce business, our online business, has improved through this pandemic as it has for most retailers, but the trend has continued that the majority of that volume continues to end up in our store, either in a pickup in-store, shift to store or curbside pickup that we've implemented. 
So I think that a lot of consumers have regained confidence in some of the brick-and-mortar players, especially those that have strengthened their supply chain, and it performed really well through the pandemic.

Yes, Jeff, do you want to take that one?

Yes. We're not going to break out the numbers between DIY and DIFM. What I would tell you is, as we said in our prepared comments and on our prior call, I think everyone realizes that April started out really slow. And as the government subsidies kicked in, I would say that the DIY side of our business ramped up much more quickly than the DIFM side of our business. I would tell you that for April, May and June, overall, we comped positive in all 3 months, with May and June being stronger of the 3 months, and those trends have continued into July.

Well, that will depend on what happens with pricing. We're always trying to reduce our acquisition costs through scale and sourcing and to some extent, private label. So that will be pending. When we look at the second quarter itself, when we looked at our plan, we were anticipating continuing to get a LIFO benefit in the second quarter. But because of negotiated price decreases, we actually offset that and had a headwind. So that was a headwind to margin for the quarter, but with an annuity attached to it as we have lower acquisition costs. Otherwise, we would have had a higher year-over-year improvement in gross margin, driven by the higher DIY mix and the leverage on the distribution cost.
When we look forward, we would anticipate pricing -- acquisition prices to be relatively stable through the end of the year and our expected plan benefit was less as we theoretically sold through the pre-tariff goods. So we'd expect to be relatively neutral for the remainder of the year.

And on essential, we worked with a lot of industry organizations early on to ensure that most, if not all, markets would make sure that auto parts supply and repair remains essentially.

And again, it goes to the comment I said before. I've heard this multiple times from our sales teams as some of these shops are saying in those markets, I think there's still some degree of concern for safety with taking your car to a shop, perhaps for some of the tasks that you might want to tackle at home, oil changes, breaks, things like that, where you may have traditionally taken that car to a shop for those jobs. Now you got more time to perform those tasks, and you're just not totally comfortable yet dropping that car off and having someone you don't know inside your car from a safety perspective. I think there's still some degree of concern there.

Right. I mean if you look back in '08 and '09, we thought consumers extending service interval is delaying some of these repairs that they could. We haven't seen the same thing this time around.

That's a great question. And I wish we had a great answer for that. We just -- with the uncertainty of where this pandemic goes from here, it's really difficult to answer that, Michael.

Scot, the other thing -- this is Greg. I think sometimes we tend to underestimate the task at hand here. When you look at our stores that are operating shorthanded and delivering the sales volumes there, it just speaks to the professionalism in our stores, and that's where we've built our success on. And so we've got the same situation in our distribution centers. Our distribution centers are operating shorthanded. They're working long hours. They're working weekends in a lot of cases to keep up with demand in our stores. And that's just not sustainable long term. We've got to put some more labor dollars back into our stores and DCs.

Thank you, Bridgette. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.