Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present.
To begin today's call, I would like to congratulate all of our team members on their solid results in 2019. As a result of your commitment to our dual-market strategy and the O'Reilly culture values, we generated full year comparable store sales growth of 4%. In a difficult macro environment of rising selling prices, rising acquisition costs and rising expenses, your focus on profitable growth while maintaining expense control resulted in full year sales growth of 6.4% and an increase in operating profit of 5.8%.
For 2019, we generated our 27th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income, every year since becoming a public company in 1993. And I'd like to thank Team O'Reilly for your many contributions to support our growth and success in 2019.
Before I get into the results, I would like to call out our press release from August 20, announcing we entered into an agreement to purchase Mayasa Auto Parts headquartered in Guadalajara, Mexico. And report to you that the transaction has closed and Mayasa became a part of Team O'Reilly at the end of November. Mayasa is an amazing family-run business, founded over 65 years ago and has a very similar history and culture to O'Reilly. They currently operate 21 Orma-branded auto part stores and supply over 2,000 jobbers through their 6 distribution centers. Because of their current mix of business, they run at a lower margin than the O'Reilly U.S. stores, so they are slightly diluted to our operating metrics in the fourth quarter, but did not have a material impact on our earnings per share results for the year.
2020 will be a learning and planning year as we work with the experienced Mayasa leadership team to develop our future expansion plans, and as a result, our Mexico operations will be dilutive to our operating metrics in 2020, but will not have a material impact on our earnings per share. That said, we're very excited about the addition of the 1,100-plus Mayasa team members, and we have a great opportunity to grow our footprint in Mexico over time.
Now we'll cover our fourth quarter results and key expectations supporting our 2020 guidance. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew at 4.4%, which was in line with our expectations as both DIY and professional contributed strongly to our comparable store sales growth, with professional continuing to outperform DIY.
From a comp store sales progression standpoint, sales of our key undercar categories remain strong all quarter, in line with the trends we saw throughout 2019. However, the lack of winter weather in most of our markets in December resulted in below expected levels of sales for cold weather categories. This marks the second year in a row that December sales have been below our expectation. 
Now we'll move on to the impact of inflation from our 2019 results, how we anticipate it will affect 2020 and the other drivers of sales we expect in 2020. For the fourth quarter, same-SKU inflation was at 3.5% for the full year -- I'm sorry, it was a 3.5%. And for the full year, inflation was 3%, which was above our beginning of the year estimate of 2% as additional rounds of tariff increases went into effect. This higher-than-expected rate of inflation didn't affect our comparable traffic, which came in slightly above our expectations, but it did have a marked effect on the composition of our average ticket.
Because of the increasing complexity of replacement parts on newer, more advanced vehicles, we historically have seen robust growth in our base average ticket without the benefit of same-SKU inflation. In 2019, we experienced meaningful same-SKU inflation and some consumers reacted by buying down the value spectrum and consciously limiting the number of items per ticket, resulting in a lower-than-expected growth in the base average ticket. The combination of higher-than-expected same-SKU inflation and lower base ticket growth resulted in total average ticket growth slightly below our expectations.
For 2020, we expect same-SKU inflation to be 1% as we annualize last year's price increases and are not planning for changes in the current tariff structure. With the lower year-over-year selling price increases, we expect traffic count to improve and average ticket to remain a steady contributor to comps as the diminishing tailwind from same-SKU inflation is mitigated by a return of the base underlying growth in average ticket to a more historical growth rate.
Historically, we focused on growing our per store inventory slower than comparable store sales we generate. We're going to change that for 2020. Ongoing SKU proliferation and the inflation related to increases to acquisition costs, we feel we have an opportunity to improve our store-level inventory position and build upon our industry-leading parts availability. In addition to the growth in inventory we would normally see in 2020 from new stores and product additions, we'll be adding through the course of the year just over $100 million of additional inventory to our store and hub network, and from past experience, we know this will enhance the service we provide to our customers and drive sales.
From a macro perspective, we anticipate that the demand drivers for the automotive aftermarket industry will remain solid as the robust SAAR years beginning after the great recession, continue to roll into our more addressable market and miles driven continues to grow at a moderate pace, supported by continued record-high levels of employment and stable gas prices.
Based on our team's ability to provide industry-leading customer service and gain market share and the impact of inflation, our inventory initiatives and the overall outlook for the aftermarket, we are establishing our full year comparable stores guidance at -- store sales guidance at 3% to 5%. Our current business trends thus far in the first quarter continue to reflect solid growth in our core undercar and underhood categories. However, the lack of cold weather has been a significant drag on seasonal sales. So at this point in the quarter, we're behind where we would like to be. As a result, we are establishing our first quarter comparable sales guidance at 2% to 4%. 
For the fourth quarter, gross margin was 53.3% of sales, which was lower than expected due to the acquisition of Mayasa and lower-than-expected sales of cold weather categories.
For the full year, gross margin came in at 53.1%, which was towards the top end of our guidance range. As we discussed on last quarter's conference call, our gross margin benefited from sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to tariff-driven acquisition price increases, which have gone into effect in stages, starting in the second half of 2018 and continuing throughout 2019 and the corresponding retail and wholesale price increases.
During the past month, several of our key categories have received partial tariff exceptions. This will reduce the level of benefit we had expected to see in the first half of the year as we sell through the old merchandise. However, the reduction of replenishment, acquisition cost will benefit us throughout the year as we anticipate current higher selling prices will remain in effect as we and others in our industry maintain rational pricing in the face of continued SG&A pressures.
In aggregate, for 2020, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.5% to 53%, with the year-over-year decrease due to dilution from Mayasa and less tailwind for merchandise purchased before the tariff-related acquisition cost increases. 
Operating profit for the fourth quarter came in at 17.8% of sales, which is below expectations based on how we expected gross margins on a weak -- cold weather sales pressure on SG&A, which Jeff will discuss, and dilution from Mayasa. For the full year, operating profit was 18.9%, which was slightly below the midpoint of our guidance due to the shortfall in the fourth quarter. For 2020, we expect operating profit to be in the range of 18.4% to 18.9%. The decline from prior year is due to a lower gross margin, as I discussed, pressure on SG&A, which, again, Jeff will discuss, and the dilution from Mayasa.
For the fourth quarter, earnings per share of $4.25 represented an increase of 14% as the shortfall in operating profit was more than offset by a lower tax rate, which Tom will cover in his comments. For the full year, earnings per share were $17.88, which represents an 11% increase over 2019. For the first quarter of 2020, we are establishing earnings per share guidance of $4.37 to $4.47, and for the year, our guidance is $19.03 to $19.13. Our quarterly and full year guidance includes an estimate for the excess benefit from stock options and the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. 
Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I'd like to briefly discuss our recent leadership conference. Two weeks ago, in Dallas, we held our Annual Leadership Conference attended by each of our store managers, sales team members, field management and distribution management, totaling over 7,000 O'Reilly team members in all. The theme of this year's conference was every customer counts. And we spent a lot of time talking about focusing on the fundamentals even more, rolling up our sleeves and outhustling and outservicing the competition. Team O'Reilly left Dallas extremely motivated, and I'm very confident in our team's ability to provide excellent customer service and gain market share in 2020 and beyond.
I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?

Yes. So the first part of your question, what was the makeup of traffic? What I would tell you is that traffic for the second quarter in a row, overall, was positive. The cash traffic was slightly negative, which was more than offset by the charge traffic. Tom, do you want to take the...

Yes. What I would tell you is, obviously, first quarter is always a volatile quarter for us that can be significantly impacted by weather. We're very early in the quarter. There's a lot of the quarter remaining. The primary -- the drivers, the fundamental drivers of the categories are performing well. When you look at the undercar, underhood categories, we're pleased with how we're performing there. We're really missing on the weather-related categories because of the atypical weather that we've had thus far in the quarter.

Yes. I'll start that, and then let Tom add on. I think it's a combination of everything you said there. I mean I think the appearance will help, the store appearance package changes will help. I think the inventory availability initiatives we have underway will help. I think all the things that we're talking about from a CapEx perspective that would help drive sales is going to help our comps for the year and our 2-year stack. 
As I said earlier, we're not overly disappointed with how we're performing in our key categories, undercar, underhood, the categories that you expect to sell throughout the year. The softness in the first quarter is primarily related to those seasonal items. It's the batteries, it's the wiper blades, it's the categories, antifreeze and washer fluids, the things that you sell during the winter when you have extremely cold weather that causes breakage in wear and tear. And we just haven't seen that thus far in the year. Again, it's very early in the year. And then there's still an opportunity to have a lot of cold weather in the remaining weeks of February, and we certainly hope we do, and sales for those categories pick up. But we're optimistic about the categories that drive our business day in and day out from an underhood, undercar perspective.

So we do continue to pass on prices. Although we would tell you right now our view for 2020 is they'll remain static and the benefit will be from pre-anniversary of price increases that went on. When we look at those SG&A pressures, our opportunity, I think, is less on the pricing side, more on returning to normal growth in our base average ticket and improving customer counts. But we, as Jeff talked about, need to make sure that we're staffing our stores appropriately at market rates. And we have a very technical workforce that makes all the difference at the store level.

Yes. Zack, if you think back to 2017, some of the things that we called out in 2017 are not applicable or less applicable today than they were then. 2017, we called out not only weather, but we also called out where we were with the SAAR years of vehicle, vehicle populations that were entering our market, the aftermarket post warranty, and we talked about Hispanic hibernation, post election, some of those things. And when you look back at the average age of vehicles today that are coming out of the great recession, you're well into the years that are better for our industry even than they were 2 years ago. So I would say that those are some of the differences.

And I would say the guide was more so based on weather-related demand and the impact of inflation between the first quarter and the remaining 3 quarters.

Not yet. We -- and one of the differences in us and a lot of our competitors in the industry is we all bring a lot of product in from China. That's no secret. The timing of this coronavirus kind of correlated with Chinese New Year. So we had already [ bought ] product in advance, planning for this shutdown from Chinese New Year. One of the advantages that we have is there's not a lot of product that has a demand cycle that warrants bringing it from China directly into our individual DCs. So rather we negotiate with our suppliers to keep a number of days of inventory on hand in their distribution facilities within the U.S. So we've got built-up inventory within the U.S. that will keep us for probably 2 to 3 months that before we would see the impact from product coming from China.

Jeff, do you want to take that?

Yes. Mike, I'll take the first part of that, and then let Tom talk about the first half versus back half of the year. As I said earlier, our softness has been more in weather-related categories. And the fact that our sales have remained strong on those typical wear and tear categories, such as undercar or steering, chassis, things like that through the first few weeks of the year and the tail end of 2019, that gives us confidence that those repairs and those hard part categories will still perform well for us.

Yes. I mean, there's -- you can break it down by categories and some categories, there's a greater sense of urgency, some have just been ongoing initiatives. An example of a greater sense of urgency would be the replacement of our store point-of-sale systems. Over the past year, we've been working on making our systems more stable in our stores, and that entails both making sure our communication networks are redundant and dependable as well as making sure the systems themselves have high availability. And when you look at a dated platform, like the AS/400, when those machines fail, it takes some time to come back up. Jeff's comments in his prepared statements, that creates downtime for the stores and creates manual processes, which doesn't result in a very favorable customer experience.
So that's a big spend for us. It's a big lift. It's something we've been working on for a few months now, and we fully expect to roll those out by the end of the year. Some of the other investments are just -- they just have the right return, and there are things we need to do. We've seen savings in our utility expense in 2019 as a result of the LED lighting initiatives in our stores and our DCs, and we're extending that, both from an appearance standpoint, which should help with sales as well as the financial return. 
Another example of an initiative with a high ROI is our delivery fleet, our DOT fleet. We -- that's going to do several things for us. Our fleet is an aging fleet. We always depreciated our trucks over an extended period of time. And over the years, those trucks have become much more efficient. So by replacing a significant portion of our trucks this year, it does several things for us. One, it reduces our maintenance cost because it's new equipment. Two, it should help with our driver hiring and retention because it's new equipment, drivers like to drive new equipment. There are many drivers out there that are not certified to drive trucks with manual transmissions. All of our new trucks will have automatic transmissions, which opens up the applicant pool significantly and also that allows us to have more collision avoidance on our trucks and more technology in our trucks. 
So it's a combination of all the above. Some of it, it's based on ROI, some of it, it's based on driving sales. And some of it, it's just out of necessity, like the computer system replacements in our stores.

Thank you, Zenara. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our solid fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. We look forward to a strong year in 2020, and I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. And we look forward to reporting our 2020 first quarter results in April. Thank you.