Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts First Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our Co-Presidents, Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw; as well as Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present.
Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to read our first quarter earnings press release last night. I'll make just a few brief comments on our first quarter results before turning the call over to Greg, Jeff and Tom.
I would like to begin by congratulating Team O'Reilly on a solid first quarter and by thanking our team of over 76,000 dedicated team members for their continued commitment to providing the excellent service that earns our customers' business every day.
Our team was able to deliver a solid comparable store sales increase of 3.4% and a 28% increase in earnings per share in the first quarter, both of which were above the midpoint of our guidance ranges and are a testament to the relentless focus of our professional parts people on taking outstanding care of our valued customers.
I'll let Greg provide more color on our results and outlook for the remainder of the year during his prepared comments, but I will add that we were pleased with our start to the year and remain confident in the health of our business and our team's ability to provide industry-leading customer service and drive profitable growth in 2018.
As we announced in February, Greg Johnson will be promoted to the position of Chief Executive Officer in conjunction with our annual shareholders' meeting on May 8, and I will continue my career with O'Reilly both in an executive role and board member as Executive Vice Chairman subject to election by our shareholders. I have a lot of confidence in both Greg and Jeff Shaw, who will be promoted to Chief Operating Officer in conjunction with Greg's promotion. Greg and Jeff are outstanding examples of our company's culture of promoting from within, and I'm very confident in their ability to lead our company and I'm very excited about what our future holds under their leadership.
This succession plan continues to progress very smoothly and as a result, this quarter's conference call represents my last call as CEO. And from this point forward, I will be present during the calls along with David O'Reilly, but will not be an active participant during our prepared remarks and Q&A, similar to the role David has played for many years. As such, it is appropriate for me to leave the bulk of our discussion of our first quarter results to Greg, Jeff and Tom. But before I turn the call over, I would like to thank our shareholders, many of which have been loyal owners of our company since I assumed the role of CEO, for their outstanding support of our company.
I would also like to, again, thank Team O'Reilly for their excellent work and commitment to our customers during my tenure as CEO. It's been my honor to have served as Chief Executive Officer of our incredible company the past 13 years, and I look forward to our company's continued success in the future.
I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson, who will be hosting our question-and-answer session following the remainder of our prepared comments. Greg?

When we look at those, we called that out on our fourth quarter call that our expectation was we were going to see pressure in those areas and that's why we wouldn't get more leverage out of our DC cost on higher sales and those costs have been in line with our expectations thus far this year.

Overall, ticket counts were slightly down.