Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Third Quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman; and Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President, are also present on the call. As we announced on last quarter's call, Brad will be providing prepared comments today -- on today's call in Jeff's normal spot as we anticipate and prepare for Jeff's upcoming retirement in early 2022 after more than 33 years of distinguished and dedicated service to the company.  
It's my pleasure to congratulate Team O'Reilly on yet another incredible performance in the third quarter and to thank every member of our team for their unwavering commitment to our company and to our customers. The highlights of our third quarter results include a 6.7% increase in comparable store sales on top of an impressive 16.9% increase in the third quarter of last year and a 14% increase in diluted earnings per share, which is all the more impressive considering we grew EPS 39% in the third quarter last year. We'll walk through the details of our performance and our prepared comments today, but I don't want to miss an opportunity at the beginning of the call to express my sincere gratitude to our team for their relentless hard work and dedication as we continue to weather the pandemic. 
Our team has been incredibly resilient to the challenges we faced over the last 1.5 years, and it would be very easy to take this for granted their ability to respond so well to this difficult environment. This is especially true since our team has been able to deliver quarter after quarter of record-breaking results. I can assure you it has been anything but easy. And our track record of consistency doesn't diminish the massive undertaking by Team O'Reilly to protect our customers and fellow team members while driving the highest sales and transaction volumes in the history of our company. So thank you, Team O'Reilly for your outstanding performance in the third quarter. 
I'd now like to take a few minutes and provide some color around our sales performance for the quarter. Our comparable store sales performance has continued to track well ahead of our expectations, and we have been very pleased with both the consistency and broad-based nature of the strength of our top line. 
From a cadence perspective, our sales results were fairly consistent throughout the quarter with solid positive comparable store sales growth each month. September was the strongest month of the quarter but the variability from month-to-month throughout the quarter was not significant on a 2- or 3-year stack basis. These very steady elevated sales levels continued to trend we drove in the second quarter despite not having a tailwind from government stimulus payments we saw in previous quarters. This top line sales strength has continued thus far in October and we continue to be pleased with the durable nature of the strong sales volumes we've been able to achieve. 
The components of our comparable store sales growth in the third quarter are consistent with our second quarter results with strong growth on the professional side of our business, paired with solid growth from DIY. While our professional business faced easier comparisons from the prior year than the DIY business, we were still up against a challenging comparison and are very pleased with our team's ability to drive historically strong comparable store sales on a 1- and 2-year stack basis. We also continue to be very happy with the performance of our DIY business as this side drove the greater outperformance as compared to our expectations against extremely difficult comparison in the prior year. 
Total ticket count comp for the third quarter were better than our expectations, but slightly negative as a result of pressure to DIY transaction counts due to the difficult comparisons and rising prices, which were partially offset by the growth in professional ticket counts. On last quarter's call, we commented that we expected to see incremental -- I'm sorry, we expected to see increased inflation in the back half of the year. However, third quarter inflation was even higher than our expectations. 
Our third quarter average ticket increase was aided by an increase in same SKU selling prices of approximately 5.5% as acquisition cost increases were passed along in selling price. As price levels have risen in the broader economy, demand in our industry has been resilient, and we continue to see strength in average ticket on a 1- and 2-year stack basis beyond the impact of same SKU inflation. However, we remain cautious in regard to our inflation outlook as we would expect some partial offsets same-SKU benefit as continued rising prices may cause more economically challenged customers to defer noncritical maintenance or trade down the product value spectrum. 
Finally, we drove solid sales volumes across all of our product categories with especially strong performance in undercar hard part categories, offsetting some of the pressure in appearance and accessory categories, which are up against extremely strong comparisons after growing at historically high levels in 2020. 
On a year-to-date basis, for the first 9 months of 2021, our comparable store sales growth of 12.9% and our 2-year stack comp of 23.6% were well above our expectations coming into this year. As the pandemic recovery has progressed, we remain cautious as to the lasting effect of demand tailwinds of our industry has experienced and candidly, had anticipated more moderation of the historically high growth rates we generated in 2020.  
Each month, as we move further past the significant government stimulus and enhanced unemployment benefits, the stability of demand in our business is very encouraging and reflects the continued willingness for consumers to invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles in the face of an overall shortage of new and used vehicles and continued economic uncertainty. 
Similarly, we believe our strength of our professional business reflects the return to more daily commutes for many of the vehicle owners who professional customers serve. And we expect the gradual improvement in miles driven trends to continue and provide a benefit to the aftermarket as the recovery moves forward. 
Beyond the macroeconomic tailwinds in our industry, it is also clear to us that we are taking share and capitalizing on the opportunities to meet our customer needs in a very challenging environment. 
As we discussed in our earnings release yesterday, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 10% to 12% from our previous range of 5% to 7%. This increase reflects our year-to-date performance through our press release and also anticipate solid business trends through the end of the year. As I've already indicated, we've seen a high degree of consistency in our top line sales volume for several months now, and we feel it appropriate to revise our expectations as we near the completion of the fiscal year. However, the fourth quarter can be a volatile period, especially in light of possible further impacts from the pandemic, rising price levels, variability in winter weather and the holiday shopping season and potential economic shock from the higher gas prices. 
Now I'd like to move on to the gross margin performance for the quarter. Our third quarter gross margin of [ $52.3 million ] was a 13 basis point decrease from our third quarter 2020 gross margin and was in line with our expectations we discussed on the second quarter call. While the stronger performance of our professional business put mix pressure on the gross margin percentage, I want to spend a little time walking through 2 other dynamics that drove our gross margin results. 
First, we have seen higher-than-normal broad-based increases in acquisition and input costs in our industry. One of the defining features of the automotive aftermarket throughout our history is the ability of the industry to leverage pricing power to pass through cost increases to end-user consumers with minimal impact to demand due to the essential nondiscretionary nature of the products we sell. The cost increases we've seen during the current inflationary environment represent broader-based inflation than we've seen for some time. However, we did see significant inflation during 2018 and 2019 on certain product lines caused by tariffs. 
Consistent with the 2018-2019 time period, we've continued to see rational pricing in our industry and are very confident this will continue moving forward. Our pricing philosophy over time is to attempt to achieve consistent gross margin rates as a percentage of sales and higher gross profit dollars in line with the sales growth, which serves to offset similar cost pressures and SG&A expenses. However, as we've discussed in the past, similar to the 2018-2019 period of rising acquisition costs, we are currently benefiting from an enhanced gross margins as a result of increased pricing -- increased prices on the sell-through of products purchased prior to the cost increases. 
The second gross margin dynamic I want to discuss today is the continued pressure we're seeing on distribution costs. As we discussed on last quarter's call, our distribution infrastructure is facing inefficiencies due to the massive sales spikes over the past 6 quarters, the difficult labor environment and global logistics challenges. We operate a high-service, high-touch distribution model, and we are fully committed to protecting and enhancing our competitive advantage in industry-leading parts availability. 
Our dedicated supplier partners, corporate supply chain team, an extraordinarily hard working distribution [ set of ] team members continue to do an amazing job navigating one of the most challenging supply chain environments we've seen in our careers. And we have taken specific targeted steps and incurred incremental expense to respond to the hurdles we're facing. Ultimately, we do believe these pressures will abate and conditions will normalize and be more conducive to driving appropriate leverage of our distribution cost. But we'll continue to prioritize inventory availability and take necessary steps to ensure excellent customer service, which is a fundamental driver of our long-term success. 
As a result of these puts and takes, we are maintaining our gross margin guidance of 52.2% to 52.7% for the full year but we now anticipate finishing the year in the bottom half of that range. Before handing the call off to Brad, I'd like to highlight our third quarter earnings per share increase of 14% to $8.07 with a year-to-date increase of 29% to $23.45. 
Our third quarter EPS growth comes on top of our growth of 39% in the third quarter of 2020, resulting in a 2-year compounded quarterly growth rate of 26%. We are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to $29.25 to $29.45, which at the midpoint now represents an increase of 25% compared to 2020 and a 2-year compounded annual growth rate of 28%. This increase in full year guidance is driven by our strong year-to-date results, updated sales expectations for the remainder of 2021 and excellent operating profit flow-through, which Brad will provide more detail on shortly. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. 
To conclude my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly for their tremendous hard work and dedication to delivering our culture and taking care of our customers every day. 
I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?

Yes, Brian. What I would tell you is we have not seen any significant movement thus far. We called that out as a possibility going forward if fuel prices continue to rise and continue to be challenges within the general economy. But so far, we haven't. What might happen or what has happened historically during times where consumer spending drops off to a degree as consumers may defer things like oil changes out beyond their normal oil change intervals or trade down the value spectrum. We really haven't seen that. We have -- over the last several quarters, we have really done a nice job of promoting some of our proprietary branded products. And we've seen a shift to some of those proprietary brands like, for example, SYNTEC motor oil. And what we've seen is those shifts are more related to us promoting those products than a shift downward in buying habits. Those are really planned shifts. But I would say unpredicted shifts or surprises, we have not seen those thus far.

Yes. I'll start that, and I'll see if Brad might have something to add. Brian, there are several things that are going on right now in the economy that short term are probably impacting that. And a couple of those things I called out is the availability of new cars and the availability and extended pricing on used cars today. It's just -- it's not cost-effective. People are paying as much for a 2-year-old used car as what sticker prices on a new car because new cars are not available. And I think that's driving more people to maintain their existing vehicles more so than perhaps they did prepandemic. Also, I think during the pandemic, we saw a trend of more traditional white collar employees and employers and people in general doing some of the things themselves that historically they may not have done. So that trend may be extending as well, which would support the DIY side of our business. So I think those things in combination are drivers that are positively impacting our sales volume as of recent and throughout the pandemic.
Brad, did you want to add anything to that?

And Brian, one more additional thing. I think part of the growth we're seeing is we're taking some market share. I said that in our prepared comments and you look at industry reporting on our performance across the board against the remainder of market, we continue to outperform in most categories. And I think that we are taking market share. And I think as challenged as our supply chain has been, as large of a company as we are in the buying power that we represent, I have to think that some of these smaller companies are having more supply chain challenges perhaps than we are, which is supporting our market share gains.

Yes. Zach, this is Greg. I'll take this one. I don't think we're near the end of this, unfortunately. Obviously, the backlog -- you watch the news, the backlog of ships in China, at port in the U.S., various ports in the U.S. and on the water continues to be pressured and challenged. When you talk about our supply chain, you have to think about it sequentially. And really, it started -- the pressure started in the DC just based on the sheer volumes that they've experienced over the past several quarters. And to compound that, those volumes came at a time where the supply and demand of human capital was way out of balance. And it's very, very difficult, as everyone knows, to hire in the environment that we've been in the last several months or past few quarters.
Now we have seen some improvement since some of the government stimulus and unemployment benefits have subsided but we're still having some challenges staffing up in some of our DCs. The good news is, from a DC perspective, we're showing continued improvement, and our DCs are getting caught up and we're working hard to make sure we're positioned to be prepared for future growth in 2022 and make sure that our staffing levels are adequate and we're working on continued productivity gains and get our distribution costs more in line with where they were. So that was really the initial component of the supply chain crisis, but then you compound that with increased freight charges, I think most everyone has heard the variation in container shipping cost from as low as $3,000 in 2021 up to recently as high as $18,000 to $20,000 per container equivalent. And that has been a challenge. And then just everything that we face seems to compound. Now there's rationing of electricity in China. So all these things have compounded the issues and the timing has been a challenge the way these things have layered on.
What I will tell you is that we, from a distribution perspective, we're in much better shape than we were this time last quarter as recently as then. From a supply chain perspective, we continue to work on -- our strategy is to have multiple suppliers for most of our major product categories to mitigate any risk, and we're leveraging current suppliers and additional suppliers in order to try to get product. And we're seeing improvement on product flow, but it's still a lot longer tail from order to delivery than what it typically is.

Yes, Simeon, that's a great question. I wish I had a great crystal ball answer for you. I mean, I think that first of all, this year, when we started the year, we projected flat to negative comps. We certainly didn't expect for our comp growth to continue to be as strong as they have been in 2022. Considering that a lot of the stimulus and benefits have subsided and our sales have remained strong. Our expectation would be for the aftermarket as a whole to continue to perform well going forward. And we'll certainly continue to be a consolidator and continue to try to grow our market share going forward as well.

Well, I guess I'd better answer that one because it sounds like a math question. We kept the 2% full year guidance range because that's what we had given all year and at 10% to 12%. So the math for what the variability for the fourth quarter needs to be to reach those is pretty extensive. So we'll have to look at whether we want to do that next year, tighten the range. I'd say the math for us works out a little different that it works out 1% to 9%. Obviously, we don't anticipate that side of a range of outcomes.

The implied range is 1% to 9%. The range was unintended. It was more based on continuing -- giving annual guidance in the same fashion we gave it in the first 3 quarters.

Yes, Bret, I would -- I'll say a few things here and then let Brad comment on what he's hearing from the field. He's closer to the store operators than I am on a day-to-day basis. But generally, as I said, I -- while we really have no way of knowing other than the more macro view by category on industry reporting. The perception is, and we feel pretty strongly that this is the case that considering the supply chain pressures that we're facing, the smaller players would have to be facing at least equal to, if not much greater pressures, which would be impacting their in-stock position and their ability to comp as strongly as we have.
Brad, you want to add anything to that?

Yes, Bret. I mean some of the categories we talked about last quarter, we're still having challenges with. Maybe some of those challenges have changed or evolved. Some of those challenges may have been labor-related for domestic suppliers last quarter and it's transitioned more to raw material or component challenges now coming from China. But our suppliers, as a whole, are doing a good job. We've got some suppliers, especially those with products coming out of China that continue to struggle.
Another challenge, and I keep sounding like a broken record here of all the woes and challenges we're facing. But it has been the most challenging supply chain year in my 40-year career in the industry is on top of everything else, some of the things we haven't talked about was simple things that you might not consider like the freeze in Houston earlier this year that's impacted the production of plastic bottles and additives for oil. And some of those things still linger within the industry. So some of the issues have subsided or lessened. Some of them have become more material.
So I think on a category-by-category basis, supplier-by-supplier, as a whole. We're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. It's just how much further is the track to get us to that light what we're trying to determine now.

Thank you, Adrian. We'd like to conclude our call today by again thanking the 80,000 team members of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to our ongoing success. You have proven time and time again that the relentless focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service is the key to long-term profitable growth. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter earnings and full year results in February. Thank you.