Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Leeny Oberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Laura Paugh, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Senior Director, Investor Relations.
First, let me remind everyone that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our comments. Forward-looking statements in the press release that we issued last night along with our comments today are effective only today, August 7, 2018, and will not be updated as actual events unfold. You can find slides for today's discussion on our website at www.marriott.com/investor or in our 8-K filing.
In our discussion today about the income statement, we will talk about results, excluding merger-related costs, reimbursed revenues and related expenses; the year-to-date net adjustment to the tax charge related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017; and the year-to-date adjustment to the Avendra gain. Of course, you can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures referred to in our remarks also on our website.
So let's get started. Our second quarter was terrific. Adjusted earnings per share rose 56% to $1.73, with better-than-expected fee revenue, owned, leased results and G&A expenses. Adjusted EBITDA increased 15% and cash returned to shareholders totaled nearly $1 billion. As an encore to our first quarter strength, worldwide system-wide RevPAR rose 3.8% in the quarter, at the high end of our guidance.
In North America, we continued to see strength in leisure and corporate demand, particularly in the energy, retail and professional services sectors. System-wide RevPAR in North America increased 3.1% in the second quarter, with RevPAR at luxury hotels up nearly 4%. Transient RevPAR rose 2.5% in the quarter, with higher room rates associated with group compression. Group RevPAR rose 4.5%, reflecting the shift in Easter holiday. 
Group attendance trends improved, while food and beverage revenue rose nearly 5%. Group pace for comp and noncomp hotels for 2018 is up at a mid-single-digit rate. For comp hotels alone, pace is up at a low single-digit rate. Given today's very high occupancy rates, we expect transient RevPAR will grow faster than group in the near term. At the same time, year-to-date, our group revenue bookings for all future periods is up over 17%.
RevPAR growth exceeded 5% in the quarter in New Orleans, Orlando, South Florida, San Francisco and Houston and increased at a double-digit rate in Toronto and Vancouver. RevPAR in New York rose nearly 4% with higher retail and special corporate demand, particularly from tech companies and higher international arrivals. We expect 2018 RevPAR for North America system-wide comparable hotels will increase 2% to 3%. For the first half of 2018, we reported RevPAR growth of 2.7%. We believe RevPAR growth in the first half of 2018 would have been a bit slower, roughly 2.5%, if we adjust for last year's inauguration and the lingering impact of the 2017 hurricanes.
For the second half of 2018, we expect reported North American system-wide comparable RevPAR will grow 1.5% to 2%. If we similarly adjust our second half RevPAR growth estimate for the midweek Independence Day and the tough comparison to last year's hurricanes, we believe RevPAR growth would again be roughly 2.5%. In other words, our top line forecast is steady as she goes.
On the international front, the growth in demand continues to be impressive with price gains as well as occupancy improvements. System-wide constant dollar RevPAR in our Asia-Pacific region increased 9% in the second quarter, while RevPAR in Greater China rose 10% on very strong retail demand. The 2018 Beijing Motor Show increased occupancies in that city, while Hong Kong and Macau benefited from strong leisure demand, particularly from Mainland China. RevPAR in Indonesia increased 17% as demand returned to Bali. RevPAR in Japan increased 7% on strong retail demand, while in India, greater group business in gateway cities also increased RevPAR by 7%. For the second half, we expect RevPAR in the Asia-Pacific region to continue to grow at a high single-digit rate, albeit a bit more modestly than in the first half. 
In the Middle East and Africa region, system-wide constant dollar RevPAR declined 4% in the second quarter due to the earlier timing of Ramadan and continued political tension in parts of the region. RevPAR in Africa rose nearly 7 -- or excuse me, nearly 9% with strength in Algeria, Nigeria and Egypt. By the way, I just returned from a visit to our properties in Egypt and Algeria. There is a lot of enthusiasm for Marriott there and a lot of room for future growth. In the third quarter, we expect RevPAR in the MEA region will increase at a mid-single-digit rate, benefiting from the timing of Ramadan, while fourth quarter RevPAR is likely to be flat to modestly lower.
In Europe, the World Cup was played in Russia for the first time, and we saw considerable last-minute demand. Congratulations to the French team on winning their second World Cup title. Across Europe, system-wide constant dollar RevPAR rose 5% in the second quarter, driven by strong results in Russia, France and Turkey. U.K. RevPAR was flattish, likely due to lingering concerns about Brexit. RevPAR growth in Spain and Italy was weaker, as many Europeans shifted their spring holiday stays to other venues. For the second half of the year, we believe RevPAR in Europe will continue to increase at a mid-single-digit rate. While Italy is likely to remain weak, Spain will benefit from easier comparisons. Paris should be strong, and we expect Turkey will continue to improve.
In the Caribbean and Latin American region, RevPAR rose 8% in the quarter. RevPAR for hotels in the Caribbean increased at a low double-digit rate as they continue to benefit from lower industry supply following last year's hurricanes. RevPAR in Mexico declined modestly, reflecting traveler concerns about security. In the third quarter, we expect RevPAR in the region will increase at a mid-single-digit rate, driven by stronger results in Mexico on an easy comparison to last year's earthquake. In the fourth quarter, RevPAR should moderate as hurricane-damaged hotels reopen and comparisons become tougher. Worldwide, we expect third and fourth quarter RevPAR will increase 2.5% to 3% and 2018 RevPAR will improve roughly 3% to 4%.
While we're encouraged by 2018 results, we are even more excited about our longer-term prospects. From a competitive viewpoint, we've never been better positioned. We lead the industry in number of rooms and distribution, geographically and across chain scales. Our brands are powerful. Our already premium RevPAR index increased 120 basis points in the last 12 months and is likely to continue to climb. 
Our 3 loyalty programs lead the industry and are getting better. We expect to unify our loyalty programs on August 18. While we will retain all 3 loyalty program brand names until next year, customers will experience them as 1 great program. Guests will earn points faster, achieve elite status sooner and redeem points more easily and without blackout dates. Also on August 18, we will introduce full portfolio inventory on Marriott's direct channels, including our websites and mobile apps, which will enable guests to conveniently search for any of our hotels on all of our websites and apps based on brand, tiers, distance, price, amenities, transportation, nearby attractions and points of interest. 
With over 6,700 properties, we are positioned to take care of guests whether they are on a Midwest road trip, making a sales call in Johannesburg or enjoying a luxury resort getaway in the South Pacific. This growing breadth of product and the growing number of earning and redemption opportunities increases the value of our loyalty program as guests don't need to look further than our properties virtually anywhere they may travel. 
In addition to earning and redeeming points at our hotels, Marriott Moments offers guests local activities and experiences from sporting events and concerts to cooking and tennis lessons. In the second quarter, Marriott Moments revenue nearly tripled from first quarter levels, enhancing returns to owners and increasing guest engagement and loyalty.
Loyalty programs make lodging demand sticky. A loyalty program with significant luxury destinations and experiences is magnetic. Dreams about luxury Hawaiian holidays are motivating, particularly for travelers who spend a meaningful part of their lives on the road. In 2017, the 477 properties in our 7 luxury brands represented just 9% of our worlds -- of our rooms worldwide but 17% of our loyalty point redemptions. Our luxury brands also contribute 19% of our property-based gross fee revenue, which could equate to nearly $600 million in 2018.
Like loyalty and luxury, our booking engines are also a significant competitive advantage. Guests can book our hotels directly through our websites, apps, call centers, group sales offices or on property. In 2017, 2/3 of our transient business was booked through one of our direct channels, with more than half of these direct bookings on our websites or apps. We have been encouraging direct digital bookings using special loyalty member pricing and our next-generation yield management system focused on nights when occupancy rates are high. Because of our efforts, revenue booked on our branded websites and mobile apps increased materially faster than our revenue booked through the OTAs in the second quarter.
For hotel owners, we continue to improve productivity as well as recognize synergy savings from the Starwood acquisition. We recently reduced commission rates for intermediary group business, which should improve house profit margins for our best-in-class convention and resorts network hotels. In the third quarter, most owners should see additional savings as we make further reductions in loyalty charge-out rates. For hotels hosting loyalty redemptions, we have announced a new sliding scale reimbursement approach. We believe this will reduce incentives for hotels to cut room rates at the last minute.
Finally, beginning in 2019, we plan on implementing a program services fee to bundle above-property charges, including reservations, sales and marketing, revenue management and mobile guest services. Our program services fee should be simpler, more flexible and more predictable for owners, and we believe it will further reduce costs to most of our hotels.
And this leads to development. According to STR, we continue to have the largest pipeline of rooms under development in the world, including more luxury and upper-upscale rooms than our next 3 competitors combined. We opened a record 23,000 rooms during the second quarter, and our inventory of rooms under construction worldwide advanced to more than 213,000 rooms. We added nearly 40,000 signed or approved rooms to the development pipeline in the second quarter. 
At the same time, we also removed 14,000 rooms from the pipeline that had not made enough progress towards construction starts. At quarter-end, our pipeline stood at roughly 466,000 rooms, a few thousand rooms higher than last quarter and roughly 25,000 rooms higher than at the end of the second quarter of 2017.
Worldwide, our pipeline emphasizes the higher-value lodging tiers as we begin at mid-scale and extend to luxury. Our luxury brands alone represent 11% of our pipeline. Of the tiers in which we play, our brands represent 30% of industry rooms under construction worldwide and nearly 45% of industry rooms under construction in North America. To ensure we are driving real value, our developments -- our development team's success is measured both on meeting targets for net present value as well as number of rooms signed.
When we announced our intention to acquire Starwood in late 2015, we noted the driving force behind the transaction was growth. The acquisition would provide an opportunity to create value by combining the distribution and strengths of Marriott and Starwood, enhancing our competitiveness in a quickly evolving marketplace. With the significant accomplishments at Marriott since that announcement, we believe we are on our way to realizing that promise. 
These accomplishments are due to the efforts of many people at Marriott. With the upcoming launch of our combined loyalty program, I want to express our gratitude to the entire loyalty organization, our information technology team, our marketing group and everyone on property throughout the system who have been working toward this day. Thank you.
So for more about the quarter, let's turn the call over to Leeny.

The -- let me maybe first say NUG, I think you're referring to net unit growth as opposed to another brand. We do have a few brands but NUG is, I think, not one of them. But you're right to raise the question obviously from our guidance a quarter ago, we have assumed a higher level of deletions this quarter than we did then. And it's important, I think, that we all try to understand what's driving that. I think the place I would start is not about deletions but is about development because I think the core question which should be addressed here is what does it say, if anything, about our owning partners' appetite to grow with us and to affiliate their hotels with us. And we -- what we're seeing in the development side is a much more powerful indication of the strength of our brands than anything that the deletion data would tell you. In Q2, for example, we signed -- we added 40,000 new rooms to the pipeline in newly approved deals or newly signed deals that had not been counted before, 241 hotels. If you do the math, that's adding a hotel a little more frequently than once every 9 hours. And that shows you that around the world, our owners are saying these are brands that we want to affiliate with, and we're prepared to put substantial capital behind that desire. What's happened though in the last quarter or so is we've continued to make progress on a number of things which ultimately impact deletions. And of course, each hotel is its own story. The deletions in the second quarter were only about 18 hotels, but they are the most recent ones that left our system. And what we see is about 20% of them, by definition older assets, are contract expirations. And while contracts when they expire can often be renewed, the core issue there is usually does it make sense for additional capital to be invested in those hotels to bring them up to current standards? Or are they sort of beyond that point from an economic perspective? And typically, at expiration, obviously, it's a meaningful question. And so we lost some hotels from that perspective. About 30% of the rooms that came out in the second quarter, came out because of hurricanes or earthquakes. And while they may come back into our system at some point in time, we looked at the circumstances of those hotels and thought it could be years before they reenter our system. And rather than keep them in our unit count, let's take them out. And the balance in the quarter, and I think to many -- in many respects, the increase in the deletion estimate for the year is driven by a mix of product quality issues. They can be quite unique sometimes that, again -- but it's driven by the economics of each individual hotel. And while we would like to keep hotels in the system if they could be brought up to standards, if they can't get the capital that's necessary in order for them to stay in the system, we just assume that they left. Sometimes, obviously, we have a different point of view with our owners about the positioning of these assets, and we work through that and see if we can come to a resolution that makes the most sense. I think the last thing I'd say here, Harry, and suggested in your question too, we do not think this is a new deletion rate that we're going to experience for years to come in the future. I think this is a mix of pushing product quality issues. I think it is a mix, to some extent, of dealing with some unresolved legacy workout issues that were within the Starwood portfolio when we closed the transaction. Some of those deals have not been resolved, and we're working our way through them towards resolution. And hopefully, we'll get back more to the 1% to 1.5% kind of deletion range that we've talked about the last couple of years for the years to come.

We're making great progress on Sheraton, and we've, obviously, had lots of dialogue with our Sheraton owners around the world. About a year ago, we settled on a sort of prototype for the regular guest room in the Sheraton brand. In June of this year, we rolled out a new idea for the public space for the Sheraton brand, which we did at the lodging conference in New York 1st of June and have had tremendous response from our owners and franchisees to what we're doing with the brand. When we look at the portfolio around the world, what we see is about 75% of the Sheraton portfolio is on its way towards meeting those brand standards. Now that includes those that are already there as well as hotels which are scheduled for renovation or maybe even under renovation, leaving about 1/4, which we're in discussions with most of those owners to see if we can't get to a place where the renovation is going to be done to bring it up to brand standards. And obviously, it's in that bucket that we have some deletions from the system, which we're certainly happy to take, because long term, we think we're going to strengthen the brand. RevPAR index for the brand is now above fair share, which -- it's moved a bit since we closed. I think it's got a significant movement ahead of it if we can deliver the kind of capital and reinvention of the brand that's necessary. So I think we feel really good about the momentum we've got for plans for the hotels. I think in terms of the customer experience, we've got to get more of these renovations actually completed and available to customers before they will start to see the average experience of the Sheratons move materially.

Yes. So good question, and we were very deliberate about using the phrase steady as she goes in the prepared remarks. I think we could probably describe good news and bad news here. So to -- for the optimists who are showing up at this call and saying, "Okay, we had a 4% GDP print in the United States in Q2. That should drive faster RevPAR growth maybe even in Q2. Maybe you should build that into your Q3 or Q4 numbers." We have not seen that higher GDP growth show up in higher demand either in our system or in the industry. In fact, if you look at Smith Travel data, rooms sold in the United States, which is, obviously, demand, in Q1, demand was up 3%; in Q2, demand was up 3.1%. So essentially identical. And in many respects, our system very much shows the same thing. 
When you adjust for the calendar anomalies, I think our first 2 quarters, one was 2.3% and one was 2.5% RevPAR growth so, essentially, identical numbers. Similarly, and this is repeating what we said in the prepared remarks, but when we look at Q3 and Q4, if you're worried that the 1.5% to 2% U.S. system-wide number is concerning, don't. It is not a sign of softening. It is very much an impact of the calendar or comparison anomalies. July 4 midweek, obviously, you've already heard about it from other companies in this space. We've got some shifting holidays, but probably the most significant thing in the back half of the year is the RevPAR comparisons get tougher because of the strength of the hurricane recovery efforts in Houston and Florida, particularly last year. And when you adjust for those things, what we are seeing in our guidance built in is about a 2.5% RevPAR growth through the balance of the year. And so it's very much steady as she goes. We see under that probably still somewhat greater strength in the leisure segment. In the group space, the corporate group is stronger than the associate group, and the corporate transient is probably right in the middle.

That's a really important point to raise. Our group bookings in the first quarter for all future periods were very, very strong. One of the reasons, perhaps the most significant reason for that, was our reduced commission rates took effect April 1. And so with a number of group intermediaries, they were accelerating their efforts to make sure they were booking before lower commission rates impacted them. I think, similarly, when you look across the industry, you've had a number of other companies decide that they would reduce group commissions too. None of those group commission -- lower group commission levels are in place yet, and I think they will be rolling in for some other companies effective in the fall or the first of the year. And so that will have a little bit of a dynamic to the way group business is booked. Having said that, I think many of the end consumers for group business are maybe not ambivalent about what the group commission levels are, but they're going to be much more interested in where they should hold their meeting, both in terms of services and facilities, and we think we'll continue to compete very well in that space.

Yes, the -- we love the optimism in your question, and we have the same optimism. We think going to one set of channel platform, so that's the websites and the apps and the rest of it as well as one loyalty program, all of which happens August 18, will be a powerful positive for the system. As we mentioned, we won't get to one name for the loyalty program until sometime early in 2019, but we will have one program as of the 18th of August. That means, of course, that loyalty members can get credit for elite status or stays in the Marriott and Starwood Hotels. Previously, you had to earn your status in one platform or the other. It also means that points being earned and points being redeemed don't need to be transferred between accounts. And maybe most powerfully, it means that customers will show up on our website and they will see the whole portfolio instead of having to toggle back and forth between 2 different portfolios. We think all of those should drive increased share of wallet, greater strength in the loyalty program. We'll be looking at measures like size of the loyalty program, number of members. We'll be looking at contribution of the loyalty program to hotels, and we'll, of course, be looking at RevPAR index. It is a very hard thing to predict what the upside's going to be, but we're optimistic that we will see greater strength from this stronger loyalty program, and we'll do our best to communicate with you about the actual results we achieve. One other thing I'd mention. I -- we don't think we're done on the cost side. Leeny mentioned the 60 basis points margin growth in both international markets and the U.S. market in Q2. That is, we think, very strong performance given the relatively modest RevPAR levels. We've also got some further cost synergies, which we'll be rolling out to the hotels in the balance of 2018, and we know that we're going to deliver efficiencies into 2019 and 2020. So we want very much to drive both top line and margin improvement for the portfolio of hotels in the next couple of years.

Yes. So we've seen a few of those comments and seen a couple of references to this in some of the early notes that were published. And I'll try not to go on too long here, but I want to make sure that we talk about this a little bit. The best indication, obviously, about the way hotels are performing is RevPAR index numbers. And as we've talked about for the last few years, RevPAR index is a rollup of each hotel's performance against typically the 5 or 6 hotels that are most relevant in their competitive set. Typically, those are going to be similarly positioned in the chain scales, in the same geographic market. Sometimes, if they're in the luxury space or they're in the group space, the geography could be a little bit broader in order to get hotels that are similar. But they're the hotels that have been picked by Marriott and by the owners to say, "Okay, this is the group that is most germane to assessing the relative performance of this hotel." And as we said in our prepared remarks, we have increased index about 120 basis points over the last 12 months, which with a portfolio of this size and the kind of work that's been underway on integration and all the other things that is underway here at Marriott, is fabulously strong results. 
And again, the loyalty program has not been merged yet, so we think we've got upside ahead of us. I think also, you can look at a little less precise data, but you can look at RevPAR growth for the Legacy-Marriott Hotels and the Legacy-Starwood Hotels. I think it's interesting to note that the Legacy-Starwood Hotels are posting RevPAR growth numbers that are comparable, if not even a little bit higher, than the Legacy-Marriott Hotels. One last thing before getting to the comments that were made by -- in some other companies. We have a portfolio of hotels, about 70 hotels, if memory serves, that we describe as our convention resort network. And they tend to be the big hotels. They are the ones most reliant on the sales force because they are most reliant on group. And when we look at the performance of those hotels, both Legacy-Marriott and Legacy-Starwood Hotels, we see RevPAR index up a full point in the last 3 months and a bit more than a full point in the last 12 months. So that -- all of that would say there is nothing systemically that we see that would suggest the integration is sort of negatively impacting the system. Now we've seen the comments made. I won't go through each one of them and I'm not going to name which hotel even I'm talking about, but I thought it was interesting that one of the companies talked about a specific hotel and its relatively soft performance in Q2. We know by looking backwards that, that hotel had weak group bookings on the books well before Marriott acquired Starwood for these periods in 2018. And in fact, in the second quarter of 2018, that hotel had an increase in bookings for future periods of 38% compared to prior times. And that's the first quarter when they had the new integrated sales force working for it. And so again, each hotel is going to have a different story. We're not saying for a second that there couldn't be circumstances in which there has been staffing implications to the integration that's been done or there've been distractions or there've been other issues, but what we see generally across the system is not an integration impact to the performance that we've had, but just the reverse, a remarkable strength in the midst of all the change which is underway.

Okay. So I won't repeat everything I just said, Felicia, but...

We do not think there was any impact in Q2, and we do not think there is any impact in Q3 or Q4. So to the extent anybody is thinking the Q3 or Q4 guidance numbers we put out there are somehow lower than they would be because of integration concerns, that is not the case.

Yes. So a few questions in there. But interestingly and maybe a little bit ironically, the deletions we actually experienced in Q2 were half as many rooms as we experienced in Q1. And so as much as we would -- it might be more concrete to be able to look at the higher deletion number and what actually happened in Q2. The higher deletion guidance we've given you is really based on what we anticipate in Q3 and Q4. The Dubai hotels that you referenced are not in the Q2 numbers because they actually were not deflagged until July 1, if I remember right, or July 31 -- let's see, we're at August 8 -- we're in August now, right? So yes, end of July. So that will be a Q3 number. What we're anticipating in Q3 and Q4, and it's based on discussions underway as much as some decisions that have already been made and implemented, is that for a mix of reasons, we're going to see a bit higher deletions. The 2 -- we've tried to call out and I maybe babbled on too long a little bit and clouded this, but product quality is certainly a piece of it and we are being tougher on that. I think another point that we have called out is, there were a number of workout discussions that Starwood had not resolved, I think in part simply because of the pendency of our deal or the sale of that company. And our teams have been working with owners to try and get those resolved. And those discussions sometimes lead to hotels leaving the system as opposed to staying in. The only last thing I'd say, I think, and I don't want to be pollyannish about this, but when you look at something like what happened in Dubai, we are confident that each of the 3 brands we have represented there will be replaced with product that we could be very proud of in that market in the fairly near term.

I -- we don't have a '19 number for you right now. We, obviously, haven't built our '19 budget. I do think that the deletions at 2% are likely to go back down into that 1% to 1.5% range, and you should not view 2% as being the sort of new expectation.

Yes. I hope I understand your question, Dave. And I mean, we've got, obviously, Marriott, Sheraton, Westin. We've also got JW Marriott and Delta all in the upper-upscale full-service space. Obviously, those brands come from 2 different legacy portfolios, and they were often competing head-to-head. Now each of those brands would have said that they were better than the competitors' brands in the same space. They're all now part of ours. And if what you're getting at is how do we essentially target each of those brands to minimize the -- both customer confusion and, I guess, the overlap, that's what our brand teams are hard at work at. And they are hard at work at it with our owner and franchise partners. Sheraton is the one we've talked about the most because Sheraton has needed it the most. And I think what we're seeing is good buy-in from our owners and franchisees to move the average quality of the Sheraton portfolio up meaningfully from what it was when we closed on the acquisition of Starwood. It probably on average will be a fraction lower than where the core Marriott brand is. But that -- stress the word -- the words on average, because depending on the market, we will have one that's positioned a little bit differently than another. The, obviously, by definition, full-service hotels have been opened and developed over many decades and location will still feel quite important to this. And that's a comment that could easily be applied to the brands that have got a bit more of a lifestyle flavor too. We've got Renaissance and Meridien that are both also in this full-service space, and they are each been positioned true to the heritage that they've had. And I -- again, I think we're making really good progress on it. And you can look at this and say it's a monumental task to get these brands with some distinctions between them. But we can also look at them and say it's an extraordinary opportunity to have this kind of distribution in an economically significant space and a space which is really important for our loyalty members and our group customers to have some choice and to have the kind of product and services that we can deliver across this portfolio. So we wouldn't want to be without any single one of these brands.

It's about the same.

Yes.

I don't -- I wouldn't interpret what we've said as expecting an acceleration. What we're expecting is very much steady as she goes. The -- adjusted for calendar and comparison issues, we see RevPAR for the first 2 quarters and the last 2 quarters of 2018 as essentially equivalent at about 2.5%.

Well, you've got the July 4 timing in Q3, and there may be some -- I can't remember where the Jewish holidays are hitting and exactly how they're hitting. I know our pinpoint calculation for Q3 and Q4 are 0.2 points apart, which, to be fair, is a smaller gap than our accuracy.

Yes. I don't -- and I wouldn't attribute that mostly to a Starwood -- Legacy-Starwood portfolio. I think that the -- what? 14,000 rooms we deleted, I think, in the quarter, we think we should pull that out, 13,000 or 14,000 that we pulled out of the pipeline. And our team culls through that. I won't say necessarily that every quarter is as intense as the last one. But we were pretty aggressive in this quarter in going through and found, in both the Legacy-Starwood brands and Legacy-Marriott brands, that there were projects that had not moved fast enough. And so we pulled them out of the portfolio. And it does a few -- in some respects, this is not -- it's a little bit bigger number than a typical quarter would be, maybe meaningfully bigger. But it's not a totally unusual thing to discover that the best-laid plans maybe are not coming to fruition with an owner someplace. And I think in the environment that we're in today, we've got still plenty of available capital to invest in new projects. Availability of debt probably is still plentiful, but equity requirements are maybe a little bit higher than they were before. And construction costs are a little bit higher than they were before. And so you end up with some folks who maybe signed that deal a year or 2 ago, and they haven't moved forward. And ultimately, they tell us they're not planning to move forward on it. We'd just as soon cull it out so that we've got that market to pursue with somebody else.

We will continue to look at opportunities that are available. I think as it relates to NH in particular, what looks like Hyatt discovered is Bill Heinecke has that company reasonably well tied up. So I don't think there's much point in talking about that one, as if we would anyway. But we'll see. We're obviously appreciative of the way the Starwood deal has gone so far. We're also very appreciative of the way the organic growth story is going. But as we sit here today, our share of the global hotel business is still not particularly huge. And so I think there's plenty of opportunity to continue to grow.

Leeny, we have something specific on this, but let me just say, on the short term, a hotel leaving the system, we may lose management or franchise fees, we may gain in the short term termination fees. And so when you look at it, for example, in 2018, I'm not sure there's much impact. You look at it longer term, obviously, there is impact because those fees have left the system. I don't know, Leeny, if you've got the numbers.

No. The numbers are very close.

Yes. So it's a good question. It's obviously something we've been focused on, not just since we closed the deal but since we announced the deal. And we -- the moment we announced in the fall of '15, we heard loud and clear from the SPG loyalists, "We love this program and make sure you protect it for us." And it has been a steady set of decisions and conversations since then, which have been aimed very much at doing that. We -- even before we closed on Starwood, we did a couple of things to the Marriott Rewards program to send the message to the SPG loyalists that we were going to protect some of their benefits. And they included things like late checkout, which had not existed on the Marriott Rewards side before, but we said rather than simply say it to the SPG folks that we're going to do it, they would believe it more if we actually did it on the Marriott Rewards side. And there were other similar decisions that we made in that sort of time frame. I think when we got to the day of closing, we also did a number of things. I think one of the most important was the 3:1 points conversion ratio between SPG and Marriott Rewards, which I think SPG members looked at and said, "You know, that's a very fair conversion and it does well for us, and so we appreciate that." And then I think in the last, what, 9 months or so probably most intensively, we have focused on the economics of the program, which very much depend also on the economics of the credit cards. And with better credit card deals, we have found that we can deliver great value to the elite members and the basic members of both loyalty programs. We can deliver it at reduced expense to the hotels, therefore benefiting the hotel owners and franchisees. And Marriott, obviously, can experience an increase in the credit card contribution to its own P&L. And while it would be too much to say that every single Marriott Rewards or SPG member has stood up and applauded, I think what we've heard from the bulk of that community is you've made a collection of decisions that caused us to feel very good about that program. And that's what we've intended, and I think we'll prove it in the way that ultimately it is used by our well over 100 million members and growing.

Yes. No, we love those elite folks, and the Ambassador program we've expanded into the Marriott side of the equation too because we think it is exactly the right kind of step for these most valuable customers. And so we're doing that. And again, take -- you take this a day at a time in some ways, and we won't really have proven it until we get to one program and have it working. But I think the decisions that have been made are exactly the right ones. And I think the community as a whole is responding extraordinarily well to it.

Yes, obviously, we're all listening to the trade talk, I think, and it is anxiety producing in many respects. I think what we've seen in terms of trading conditions for open hotels in China has been very comforting, performing well. There's no sign that the trade conversation is impacting performance. And what we've seen on the development side has equally been reassuring in that -- and part undoubtedly, because of strong hotel performance, for existing and open hotels, there continues to be a development appetite for Chinese real estate investors. Remember, our business is substantially Chinese in that -- of the hotels we have opened in China, I can think of one that's not owned by a Chinese company. And so the book of the economics are very much driven for the benefit of Chinese investors, real estate investors. They are often government-affiliated companies, but not always. And as a consequence, we may be in a somewhat different place in a trade kind of conversation than the typical industry. I think the -- personally, my larger fear about the trade war potential is what it could do to GDP growth in the United States, and to some extent, what it could do to the cost for construction materials in the United States and in other markets around the world. And that certainly has not seemed to manifest itself yet in U.S. GDP numbers. It probably is starting to manifest itself in terms of some materials that are used for construction. But it's early on in that process, and we'll have to see how it evolves.

Yes. That's tomorrow presumably, right? Yes.

Well, I mean, you've heard from them directly, obviously. And I'd be -- be inappropriate for me to speak for all of them because I think their views are not monolithic. Interested to note that one of the companies we heard talk about this in their public call had never raised the performance of the hotel that they raised in the call with us. But -- so as a consequence, our team hadn't really had a chance to engage in a dialogue with them. I think generally, though, and even what we've seen in the conversations over the last week or 2, generally, you see even in those comments that the impact is viewed as transitory. They remain supportive of the transaction. They remain supportive of the notion that this transaction is going to deliver a significant value to them from top line and bottom line synergies. And even I think more of this concern has been raised with respect to Legacy-Starwood Hotels and I think a number of those folks have said, "We still believe that the Legacy-Starwood Hotels may benefit disproportionately from Marriott and Starwood coming together." And so we don't hear this as -- obviously, we hear something. We hear the words that are being used, and we don't want to say that there can't be instances in which there is some impact or there shouldn't be conversations to make sure we understand this as well as we possibly can understand it. But when you look at the system as a whole, we do not see it showing up in our data. We don't see it in the RevPAR index numbers, we don't see it in the RevPAR year-over-year growth numbers. We don't see it in what the customers are telling us about the way they're booking. And we'll do everything within our power to make sure that, that continues to be the case. And then in the meantime, we'll deal with the owners who called out concerns with respect to particular hotels and say, "Let's make sure we understand them and make whatever decision needs to be made in order to have those hotels perform as well as they can perform."

Yes, I'm not sure it is. I think we can say that we've been talking about 1% to 1.5% deletions for a while. I think actually last year, we were closer to 1% than 1.5%. And so in a sense, we were positively surprised and maybe this is a little bit of a reversion to the mean in 2018. But I'm not sure we can say much more than what we've already said. I think 1% to 1.5% for now and, again, we will get to a point where we share a multiyear plan with you all again at some point here, but until we get to next year's budget or until we get to a analyst conference, I think 1% to 1.5% still should be your expectation for the foreseeable future.

No, no, no, that is group bookings year-to-date for all future periods. Bookings done in '18 for the first 6 months. That's not pace for all bookings from all time for future periods.

Yes. So thanks for raising it. Just as a reminder for everybody, we launched about 90 to 120 days ago maybe a pilot in London under the name Tribute Homes. It is a relatively small pilot in the sense that there are about 200 homes that are connected to our system. And they are bigger than studio apartments. They're bigger than hotel rooms. They're whole home products. So that they're -- it's a product which feels different to us from both what we have in the traditional hotel space and what the typical product is that a number of the home-sharing companies are focused on. And we wanted to provide loyalty linkage, and we wanted to provide a set of services that would make it more predictable and more consistent with sort of the brand promise, if you will. So not just key delivery services, but housekeeping services and design and decor services, which are delivered by our partner in London. And it, we think, it allows us to distinguish a little bit both in terms of size and in quality from sort of the average home-sharing theme. Small pilot though. The first -- this -- so far, it's gone great. Our loyalty customers seem to like it, not surprisingly. It is predominantly a leisure buy. Not surprisingly because it's a leisure buy -- it's only London, obviously, it is a bit longer stay than we anticipated. So the stay we're experiencing is closer to 5 nights on average, which is a little bit longer than we anticipated. And the customer feedback has generally been quite good. So we don't have anything to announce yet in terms of other markets, but it's certainly something we'll take a look at.

When you look at -- if you add property to it...

It's about 3/4 of our business is coming through our channels. Maybe 70% would be our channels. So that would be calling the hotel, calling our call centers and our digital platforms, whether they'd be the dotcom sites or the apps. I think what we've seen over the last number of years is that the digital channels have grown substantially. The voice channels, including our own voice channels, have declined. We're likely to see those trends continue, and we do think for the reasons we discussed earlier about share of wallet, having all the hotels show up on one platform, that we should be able to drive enhanced growth in the digital platforms because everything will be there. We don't have a forecast for you on where those numbers are going, though.

Well, there's a few questions in there. I would say, first, that we've been positively surprised by how strong the development pipeline is. I think when we've -- this is a conversation we've been having for a few years, but we would have thought that U.S. signings and approvals probably would not be as strong as they are today. We thought that 2016 was sort of the peak organic growth and it probably still is the peak organic growth. I don't think necessarily, we're going to see the numbers move up from there. But our partners in the United States continue to want to do more deals with us, and that's been really quite good. The world, obviously, is a big place. Some markets continue to perform quite robustly. Some are essentially moribund in the development space either for economic reasons or for geopolitical reasons. I think if you look at all those averages and compare to what we shared at the analyst conference, we would say that deletions might be just a little bit higher than we had before, but we'd have to go back and look at those 3 years. And openings have shifted back by a quarter or 2 and that's because of length of the construction cycle. And I think that latter factor is more likely to cause us to miss that 285,000- to 300,000-room number we used 1.5 years ago? When was that conference?

March of '17. More likely to miss it than we are to exceed it.

Well, it is -- it's still new in the process. JPMorgan Chase has rolled out the new Visa card and the customer response has been great. They're in market. Amex will not roll out its new product until later this month, I think roughly the end of August. I don't remember precisely the date. And so we don't have the customer reaction there yet. But I -- all things considered, we feel quite good about the strength of the program and the likelihood that it's going to grow in the future.
All right. Well, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, for your time and attention on the call. We appreciate your interest in Marriott and look forward to welcoming you into our hotels wherever your travel takes you.