Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Leeny Oberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Laura Paugh, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Senior Director, Investor Relations.
First, let me remind everyone that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws.
These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our comments. Forward-looking statements in the press release that we issued earlier today, along with our comments, are effective only today, May 10, 2019, and will not be updated as actual events unfold.
In our discussion today, we will talk about results excluding merger-related costs and reimbursed revenues and related expenses. GAAP results appear on Page A-1 of the earnings release, but our remarks today will largely refer to the adjusted results that appear on the non-GAAP reconciliation pages. Of course, you can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures referred to in our remarks also on our website.
Before proceeding to talk about our results, let me take a minute to talk about the announcement we made last week about my cancer diagnosis. As we mentioned, I have stage II pancreatic cancer. Thankfully, the medical team at Johns Hopkins has seen this many times before. They believe we have caught it early, that it is operable and that the course of treatment is prudent. I am grateful for all the messages of support from the investment community as well as from Marriott's community of associates and business partners around the world. With the support of an extraordinary strong team of Marriott executives, we are going to soldier on.
Now last month, we opened our 7,000th property, the 27-storey St. Regis Hong Kong. After opening this landmark hotel, our development pipeline at quarter end totaled roughly 475,000 rooms compared to 463,000 rooms at the end of the first quarter 2018. Gross room openings totaled nearly 19,000 rooms in the first quarter compared to 15,000 rooms in the year ago quarter. Net room openings were almost double from the number from the prior year.
Almost 216,000 rooms in our pipeline or 45% are already under construction, the largest number of under-construction rooms in our industry. At our current pace of openings, our under-construction pipeline represents the equivalent of 2.5 years of embedded gross rooms growth. The remainder of our pipeline represents another 2.5 years of growth.
Our Legacy-Starwood brands account for roughly 30% of our development pipeline. Among our 17 luxury and upper upscale brands, the rooms pipeline for the Sheraton brand is second only in size to the Marriott brand. In the first quarter of 2019, we opened 4 new Sheraton hotels and signed 3 new Sheraton deals, including the new built 250-room Sheraton Hotel in Bradenton, Florida. More than 1/4 of Sheraton's existing portfolio is under or has committed to renovation.
Our limited-service brands are growing rapidly. Globally, our limited-service pipeline, largely upscale brands, includes more than 285,000 rooms, nearly 2.5x the number of pipeline rooms in those brands 5 years ago. Outside North America, our limited-service pipeline is now nearly 3.5x its size in 2014.
We are growing these brands in markets around the world with a variety of approaches from modular construction to urban high-rises to multi-brand hotel complexes. We are developing new prototype designs for Fairfield Inn and TownePlace Suites to better suit smaller markets, and we continue to add development talent to make these deals happen because the growth opportunity is meaningful.
We see evidence that owners and franchisees prefer our brands. According to STR, more than 1 in 3 rooms that are under construction in the U.S. today will fly one of our flags. And while our existing distribution globally is more modest, still, 1 in 5 hotels under construction globally will be flagged with a Marriott brand.
We continue to expect to see net rooms growth to total approximately 5.5% in 2019 with rooms deletions of about 1% to 1.5%. We deleted 3,000 rooms in the first quarter of 2019.
I visited several markets in China in late March. The big news there is Marriott Bonvoy and Alibaba. Less than 2 years ago, we formed a new joint venture with Alibaba to improve service and sales for Chinese guests.
In the first quarter of 2019, property revenue from our newly designed Alibaba channel more than tripled year-over-year, while the level of new Marriott Bonvoy enrollments in China doubled over the prior year quarter. We are excited to welcome these new members to our hotels around the world.
Marriott Bonvoy offers guests the largest and most compelling collection of hotels and experiences. At the end of the first quarter, membership at Marriott Bonvoy reached nearly 130 million worldwide, up roughly 5 million from year-end 2018. Approximately 40% of the new sign-ups came from China. Worldwide loyalty redemption revenue at our hotels rose at a double-digit rate in the first quarter.
We recently announced our home rental initiative. In a survey we conducted in 2018, we found that over 1/4 of our loyalty program members who responded had used home rentals in the prior 12 months. During our home rental pilot in 2018, which was available in a few European cities, nearly 90% of our guests were Marriott Bonvoy members and over 80% were traveling for leisure. The average length of stay in our pilot was more than triple that for the hotel -- typical hotel guest.
With a successful European pilot, we decided to launch Homes & Villas by Marriott International, offering guests access to a growing number of premium and luxury homes and villas in over 100 destinations across the U.S., Europe, the Caribbean and Latin America.
Our commitment to providing travelers with full residences, including kitchens and other amenities, guided our selection of homes. Our desire to complement our core hotel offerings similarly influenced our selection of markets. We will work with select property management companies who are already managing these homes and estimate roughly 40% of these markets we are launching in are new to Marriott.
We believe our highly curated home rental product, fully integrated into our loyalty program for earning and redeeming points, will enhance Marriott Bonvoy member travel experiences and increase the value of our loyalty program. Home rental should enable our loyalty members to stay with Marriott throughout any travel experience, allow us to leverage our strong brands and expertise in an evolving competitive landscape and ultimately drive a greater share of wallet for our portfolio.
In April, we signed a new multiyear agreement with Expedia, which should enhance our leisure packaging platform Vacations by Marriott and leverage Expedia's technology for a new business opportunity to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2019. With the changes in the agreement, we expect our owners and franchisees will see improved overall economics from the relationship.
In the first quarter, worldwide house profit for comparable company-operated hotels increased an impressive 1.6%. While the integration is largely complete, our hotels continue to benefit from synergies associated with the Starwood merger.
On the revenue side, we reduced discounting at Legacy-Starwood hotels in the first quarter and across our system, increased the proportion of bookings coming from our digital channels. Direct digital revenue bookings at our hotels globally increased over 20% in the quarter and now represent over 30% of room nights.
Revenues booked on our mobile app increased more than 70% year-over-year while our revenues booked on OTAs worldwide declined 4%. Yielding OTA business helped hotel profitability even as it likely depressed our first quarter RevPAR growth by a few tenths of a percentage point. Our global RevPAR index rose 100 basis points in the quarter.
Let's talk briefly about the regions. System-wide constant dollar RevPAR in our Asia Pacific region increased 3% in the quarter. RevPAR growth was strong in India, Japan, Indonesia and in the major markets in Greater China but was somewhat offset by weaker results in South Korea, Thailand and the Hainan Island market in China.
In the second quarter, we expect mid-single-digit RevPAR growth in the region with fewer headwinds from South Korea and Hainan Island. Future RevPAR performance will depend somewhat on the economic impact of ongoing U.S.-China trade negotiations, particularly in markets that rely on manufacturing. While we await the outcome of those negotiations, our forecast assumes Asia Pacific RevPAR will increase at a mid-single-digit rate for the full year 2019.
In the Middle East and Africa, system-wide constant dollar RevPAR declined 4% year-over-year. RevPAR growth in the U.A.E. declined 8% on flat demand as supply growth in Dubai increased by 11%. At the same time, RevPAR in Cairo and the Red Sea resorts rose sharply on strong Eastern European demand.
For the second quarter, we expect EMEA RevPAR will again decline, albeit less significantly than in the first quarter. Significant supply growth in Dubai is likely to persist, but we should see stronger demand in the holy cities in Saudi Arabia. Ramadan started May 6, 10 days earlier than last year, which should push some business travel in the region from second quarter to later in the year. For the full year, we expect RevPAR will decline at a low single-digit rate in EMEA region.
In Europe, system-wide constant dollar RevPAR rose 2% in the first quarter. U.S. travel to many markets in Europe was strong with considerable numbers of loyalty redemptions. RevPAR in London increased by 4% year-over-year. At the same time, Brexit uncertainty kept many U.K. travelers at home, constraining growth in many warm-weather European destinations.
Travelers avoided center city Paris due to the continued yellow vest demonstrations, with the Biennale in Venice beginning this month and strong U.S. demand expected to continue in most markets. We believe RevPAR in Europe will increase at a mid-single-digit rate in the second quarter and for the full year.
In the Caribbean and Latin America region, system-wide constant dollar RevPAR increased nearly 4% in the quarter. In the Caribbean, RevPAR rose 8% on strong demand as several U.S. airlines increased lift to the islands. RevPAR growth in Brazil was very strong on record demand during Carnival in Rio de Janeiro while continued travel warnings took RevPAR in Mexico down 3%. Looking ahead, we expect RevPAR growth in CALA will moderate a bit, increasing at a low single-digit rate in the second quarter and full year as competitor hotels reopen in the Caribbean.
System-wide RevPAR in North America rose nearly 1% in the first quarter. RevPAR was constrained by the partial federal government shutdown in January, tough comparisons to hurricane recovery in Florida and Houston and the lingering impact from the fourth quarter labor strike in Hawaii. Excluding these factors, we estimate our system-wide RevPAR growth would have been roughly 70 basis points better than the reported number. Our RevPAR index in the U.S. increased nearly 100 basis points in the first quarter.
Group RevPAR across North America increased 3% on strong citywide demand in Atlanta and San Francisco and the favorable impact of the timing of Easter. While Easter timing will present a headwind for group business in the second quarter, the negative hurricane and government shutdown impacts should be behind us.
Our group revenue booking pace for the full year 2019 is flat. New bookings for 2019 increased in the first quarter and surged in April. So we expect group RevPAR will be higher for the year.
First quarter transient RevPAR from our largest 300 corporate accounts in North America rose 3%, but overall transient RevPAR was flattish in the first quarter largely due to weak demand in March even as we expect North American RevPAR will increase by 1% to 2% in the second quarter and 1% to 3% for the full year.
Marriott is a dynamic company. We've created a powerful lodging portfolio, managing and franchising across the highest value tiers. With the Starwood acquisition, we recognize that we are in a unique position to truly delight sophisticated frequent travelers with an unparalleled loyalty program and a wide range of travel experiences. The more our guests are engaged in our loyalty program, the more profitable business opportunities we can pursue, even outside the traditional lodging space such as credit card and residential branding.
This year, we expect to earn $440 million to $450 million in credit card and residential branding fees. Incidentally, credit card sign-ups rose 20% in the first quarter year-over-year. In addition to unit additions and RevPAR growth, such opportunities should drive higher returns to our shareholders even as we retain our asset-light approach to business.
Before turning the call over to Leeny Oberg, let me take a moment to recognize our extraordinary Investor Relations leader, Laura Paugh. We announced this morning that Laura will retire from Marriott at year-end. Laura Paugh's nearly 40 years at Marriott have literally included our entire history of modern-day investor relations.
When she began, Marriott, like many other companies, did not even do quarterly earnings calls such as this one. She has not only built this discipline for us, she has been recognized by you as one of the best investor relations professionals in the entire public company universe, not just the hospitality space. She has been a partner, a mentor and a friend to me for over 20 years of involvement in investor relations. All of us are grateful for her service and expertise. Thank you, Laura.
Now for some more thoughts about first quarter performance and our outlook, let me turn things over to Leeny.

Yes. I think Leeny can jump in here. I think the best place for you to refer in terms of the financial model is to what we shared with you at the Investor Relations meeting. And you can do some of your own calibration of that and make some assumptions and probably be fairly close. We don't have a model of it than that one that we shared with you then.
And I guess I'd just say thematically that while March was a disappointing month in many respects, it is to us not a harbinger of a predictably different environment than the one that we've been going through the last few quarters. Sort of thematically today, I think we would say it's steady as she goes for the next few quarters. We continue to see that when we adjust for hurricanes and strikes and holidays and the like that we're poking along broadly between -- broadly around 1.5% sort of RevPAR growth. We might have been 1/10 or 2 shy of that in first quarter 2019. But there is some good news too.
We talked about good April bookings, for example, in group, a very strong performance for us for the month. And so while you should do whatever modeling you think is appropriate and make whatever forecast you think is appropriate, I think our caution to all of us would be let's just expect for now that we're going to keep going at sort of the pace we've been going in the last few quarters.

Yes. I think there are a few different factors that are going into this, but it's a perfectly fair question. As -- one of the things I think we -- to start with here is geographic distribution. So if you look at Smith Travel industry-wide numbers for Q1, you see a 4-point difference in RevPAR performance between the top 25 markets and all others. The top 25 markets in the U.S., according to Smith Travel, were down roughly 1%, 1 full percent in RevPAR. The other markets were up 3%. So you've got a 4-point difference in RevPAR performance between those markets. Obviously, that's industry as a whole. That's not Marriott's portfolio uniquely.
And I think when you look at Marriott in its entirety compared to some others in the industry or when you look at some of the Starwood brands compared to some of the Marriott brands, I think you will find that we are much more concentrated in the top 25 markets, and that is inevitably part of this.
When we look at the Marriott brands legacy versus Starwood brands legacy, we can see a couple of other things that are happening. One is the strike carryover in Hawaii, particularly where our bookings are a little bit longer window, first quarter was continued -- they had some strike impact. Now the strikes were done. That is disproportionately impacting the Starwood Hotels.
I think the second would be around OTAs, and we called out in the prepared remarks that OTA business is down 4% for the combined portfolio in Q1. Interestingly, the Starwood Hotels were about 10 points more reliant on OTAs than the Marriott Hotels were. And as we've gone to one reservation system and one sort of unified revenue management strategy, the shift, if you will, from reliance on those third-party OTAs to internal digital channels probably costs a little bit. We thought it's maybe a few tenths of a point for the portfolio as a whole. The impact there is probably a bit more disproportionate on the Starwood Hotels.
And then there are some changes on other discounting. Starwood had some deeper discount packaging that Marriott did not have. That's probably had an impact in it. But you roll all those things together, those are probably the principal drivers of the difference in the averages beneath, of course, the portfolios that [ hold ] -- you're going to have individual stories with individual assets.

Yes. And I think the time is right for that. I mean we've got the combined loyalty program launched. It is in market and being marketed. We've got strong credit card sign-ups. We've got strong share of wallet growth. I think there's a lot we can look at now to be optimistic about the future, and I think it's time to deliver the revenue upside.

Wouldn't that be nice? I mean I -- obviously, you won't hear us be unbiased about the value of branding. We think we deliver extraordinary value to our owner and franchisee partners by plugging them into a system with a loyalty program and a very efficient reservation system that delivers substantial business to them at meaningfully less cost than would be the case otherwise.
But I don't think you need to take our word for it. If you look at what's happening with the development pipeline, and we've talked about some of those statistics, but we're about 7% of the global industry today with something like 20% of the hotels under construction heading towards our brands. So you can see investors, owners of real estate moving with their feet because I think they see the strength of that.
I think the other thing to remind everybody, and we don't want to get defensive-sounding and we don't want to get too technical on RevPAR index, but RevPAR index is a really important tool, particularly when you're looking at an individual hotel and how it's performing in its competitive set.
But it is not the only measure that is out there to assess how portfolios are performing. In the wake of acquiring Starwood, we have found that many of our competitive sets include many of our own hotels because there will be concentration, particularly in some of these urban markets where we've got a significant number of full-service hotels. And so we're measuring our performance against our own hotels, not exclusively because we've got to have some others that are in there.
And similarly, we are seeing, to some extent, others who are competing in markets that we don't exist in, and so -- if you think about the secondary or some of the tertiary markets. Our brands are not broadly distributed in those markets. And as a consequence, we don't have the impact maybe of newly ramping hotels in those markets or of competition maybe against some of the relatively weaker brands.
All things put together, we are actually gratified in the midst of a massive integration that in the midst of all of that, we still managed to take about 100 basis points index growth both in the United States and globally in the first quarter of '19.

I don't think the very modest -- I think we get a bit -- a 0.8% decline in the pipeline from quarter end Q4 is a trend. We opened well in the first quarter. Always at the end of the year, we probably have a little bit more culling of the pipeline than we do at other times. And typically, Q1 will be the slowest sign-ins quarter, part of that is because you've got to go through reauthorization franchise circulars in most states. All those things combined led to that modest negative in Q1. And we don't think we'll necessarily see that in the quarters ahead.
But having said that, we are -- we've said now for at least a couple of years that sort of steady-state organic growth, particularly in the United States, United States is flattish. We are, I think, continuing to take share, maybe even building a little bit of momentum. But in the ninth or 10th year of the recovery with cost increases in construction and labor and length of the construction cycle, even though financing is high and the absolute returns are quite good, I don't expect we'll see a meaningful ramp-up, for example, in development in the U.S. I think instead, we'll be sort of poking along at flat levels, substantial but flat levels. And growth quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year is going to depend a lot on what happens in the rest of the world.

We'll have to go back to you on this. I think about 40% of the global pipeline is luxury and upper upscale. So it's a good, healthy mix, which is in the higher segments. I am certain that the percentage in the U.S. only, which is luxury and upper upscale, is meaningfully lower than that and that U.S. may skew towards, for us, upscale principally, not upper mid-scale. We don't really have the upper mid-scale space. Am I close or you guys -- go ahead.

Of the global.

And I don't think we can give you the top 25 versus other markets, but with the information we've got here.

Yes. There's -- I mean I think there's one thing we can be probably annually blamed for, I suppose, and that is we often keep our range a full 2 points. And so obviously, we started the year 1 to 3. We're still at 1 to 3 after the first quarter. And if we were actually comparably precise in each quarter as the year went along, we would narrow that range more and more because the more quarters you put in the book, the less likely it is that you're either going to hit the bottom or the top end of that. And I think that could be said here too.
But maybe to get to the opposite fundamental point, our internal guess, if you were to take a sort of single-point RevPAR forecast is essentially right in the middle of that range. And so that tells you that basically when we're looking at transient bookings and group bookings and year-over-year comparability issues, the most obvious in the fourth quarter, of course, being the strikes, which we had to struggle through in the fourth quarter of 2018 but hopefully, we'll not in the fourth quarter of 2019, all of those things get us to a place where we think sort of the midpoint of that 1 to 3 is about the best prediction that we can make.
It does suggest that in part because of comparability issues and because of bookings, maybe we're a bit better in the second and last 2 quarters than in the first 2 quarters but not a dramatically different scenario, and it's not our -- sitting here saying we're going to have a different kind of economic environment than the one we have today.

I think it's actually both, but they're -- and I sense they're the same issue. We have heard from a number of our franchisees that they want to expand in secondary and to some extent, even tertiary markets where a Fairfield or a TownePlace Suites at 80 or 90 rooms instead of at 125 or 130 rooms is the better positioning for those markets.
And while we've had the ability, of course, to shrink the number of rooms in a hotel, if you're not shrinking the public space in a way that's commensurate with that, you're probably putting a product that's a little bit overbuilt in that market.
And so we want to do something with those partners who want to grow in those markets to make sure that we've got something which is true to the brand but cost-effective for them and competitive with the competing product that might be there. And obviously, you can see we've got a lot of different companies that participate in the select service base particularly. And if you look at the tertiary markets, you'll see that we are probably less distributed there than many other companies in the United States.

Yes. I think the -- I mean obviously, we are now -- I don't even know what round of new contract this is with Expedia, but we've been renegotiating these contracts for nearly 20 years, I suppose, something like that. And there is a similarity, to some extent, with each of them.
But I think on some level, we continue to look for cost effectiveness. We look for data, transferability, the ability to understand who the customer is and have the systems understand who the customer is. We look at inventory control, which is, can we yield our inventory? Can we make sure we're pricing our inventory on our own platform in a way that doesn't necessarily have to be offered up in every other platform? And those things were on the table here too.
And of course, you would expect Expedia or another OTA to [ want off ] in the opposite of what we want, certainly as it relates to the level of the commission. That's probably the clearest to see. But I think we're grateful for where we got with Expedia. We do think it will deliver economic benefits to our owners.
We also think we are -- we don't have much to say about this today. You'll have to stay tuned, but we do have an idea with them, with Expedia that we think is attractive to both of us, maybe an incremental place for them to make some economics in our space but also a space in which they can actually deliver more cost-effective solution to us than some of the solutions that are available to us today. And so we're pleased with the outcome that we've got and look forward to seeing what we can accomplish with it.

Thank you.

Well, time's going to tell. I mean we're taking a different strategy obviously than a number have. We are not -- we want to -- we know that what we offer in this space are [ brands that ] stand behind, that nobody is going to excuse us from a bad experience in a home and villa rental kind of experience. They're not going to blame the host. They're going to say, "Marriott, you put me in a product that was not clean," or something else happened in that space. And so that's one theme that will make -- will have an impact under the size of business long term.
The second thing we're doing is we're really looking at the whole home market. We're not looking at studio apartments. We're not looking at extra bedrooms. We're looking at something which is meaningfully different from a traditional hotel room. For obvious reasons, we think it makes it more complementary to the hotel space that we're in. We also think it helps fill out a gap, if you will.
One of the gaps that arguably we've had is that when larger families, whether that's a single nuclear family or an extended family, are traveling together, hotels are not necessarily always the easiest place to be because there may not be places for them to gather outside of the public spaces of the hotel.
And the more we can do something that solves both of those, the better off we think we are. I think though even defined that way, it is a big market and a market that we can grow in. We obviously don't expect that there will be a material financial impact in 2019. We wouldn't tell you to build anything in this model until we get smarter about it in the years ahead. But we're really excited about it, and we're really eager to learn what we can learn in this space.

It's a good question, a good question for lots of reasons. I mean I think the full-service hotels have still got a very meaningful advantage. They've got function space. They've got a presence that a typical select service hotel can't offer, often a food and beverage range that a select service hotel can't offer. And they can continue to be I think quite competitive, particularly in the right kinds of markets.
I think at the same time, you see select brands, and we've got a number of these. I think about Moxy and AC and Aloft and Element, just to name a few that come right to mind, that are interesting. They are -- they can be lively. They can be with an energized bar space or lobby space or maybe even flex food and beverage space. And if they're in urban locations, they give a better alternative, I think, in some respects than the relatively lower-rated hotels that might have been in the same market in a past generation, if they existed there in the first place.
And so we'll watch this altogether. Obviously, one reason these brands are growing so well is I think our franchise partners see them and say, "This is a pretty interesting new mousetrap, and we want to be part of experimenting to see how this works." I think ultimately, all these hotels can be successful in -- if they're positioned right and if they're true to their brands. I think some of the newer select brands have the ability to punch above their weight in terms of rate per square footage, which I think will make them stronger over time.
And ultimately, where the growth settles is going to depend a little bit on that return, and that return is both about current cash return for development costs, but it's also about capital preservation and what assets are going to hold their value the longest. And that's still often going to be urban main and main kinds of locations that may have delivered a little less percentage cash flow return but are going to hold their value extraordinarily well.

Yes. I mean I think we have seen probably some of this the last few quarters. We certainly -- in the Marriott, Legacy-Marriott portfolio, even before the integration of the reservations platforms, we had started to do some yielding of our inventory off of third-party sites when we predicted we didn't need that business.
And so I suspect as we get further into the year, we will see some lapping of what we did in the past. I think what has accelerated probably a bit is with going to one reservations platform is we've brought the Starwood Hotels in sort of one fell swoop onto a little bit more aggressive approach that way. And so we think we'll probably see some impact on that.
We're going to watch this. I mean obviously, we don't want to turn away business if it's incremental to us. What we want to do though is make sure we're set up to maximize profitability of hotels long term. And while we talked about this before, while RevPAR is the single measure which is most available in the industry, it is not the measure which is the most important, which is what kind of profits are you driving from the performance of that hotel as you compete for owner capital. And as we've said before, we're quite [ prepared ] to sacrifice a few tenths on the top line it if makes sense to drive enhanced profitability on the bottom line.

We feel exactly the same, Robin.

Thank you.

Yes. I guess so. Yes. I don't know that we exactly went back and tested the net unit growth number. And obviously the 5.5% is net of deletions. We're not updating the deletions forecast. But really simply looking at -- you look at the volume of rooms in that pipeline, and it looks about 5 years' worth of growth to us.

They're curious, of course. They're deeply interested in where we're going with this. Obviously, 2,000 Homes & Villas is a substantial increase from what we were doing last year, but it is not a significant number by itself when you compare it to the -- either the size of the hotel system we have today or even the number of hotels we open every week. And so it's less a question really about what are we doing today than what might we be doing in the future.
And I think as we go forward, we're going to make sure we're communicating with them and taking onboard their interests. I think our owners are not monolithic. So it would be wrong to say that every one of them has exactly the same point of view. I do think there are many of them that acknowledge that this is a rational step for us to take. And if they were in our shoes, they'd be doing exactly the same thing.
I think broadly, they appreciate the value of the loyalty program and know that this can enhance the loyalty program, which is the benefit not just of the Homes & Villas business, but it's also to the benefit of the hotel business. And I think owners generally have a point of view which is they'd like to grow with us but maybe have nobody else grow with us, so that they could make sure they capture as much of our customer base as they possibly can. I think they understand philosophically that, that's not a world that they can necessarily have.
But you put all that through the grinder, and I think we've got a very constructive set of conversations with our owners, and I'm sure we'll be able to navigate this through with them well.

Thanks, Kevin.

I think it's certainly at least steady, if not up a bit, yes. The -- I think the demand both for new build and for conversions is comparable. I think the feedback we're getting from our owners is very positive. I think there have been questions already obviously about margins, which we've talked about. I think there is not -- maybe not unanimous but broad recognition that we're delivering incremental margin performance because of what we've built here. And I think there is broad understanding that the revenue lift should come behind it and not only an absolute revenue lift but a mix of revenue sources, which is more cost-effective. And so the level of conversations we're having with our current and prospective partners are very robust.

Yes. It's a good question. The -- I think the limited service is partly geographic distribution maybe a little bit for us, partly age of product, I suppose maybe for Courtyard, which we're working on. But I don't see a dramatic difference in performance between the segments as the year goes along.

Thank you.

Well, I'm not sure we actually know the answer to the second one. A couple of comments on absolute penetration of loyalty and then maybe finish with what inning we're in. It was interesting to us that when we acquired Starwood and looked at the way the calculation was done for loyalty contribution hotels, Starwood was 7 or 8 points higher than Marriott was principally because the calculation was done differently. And we have synthesized those calculations now, so that they're the same. And actually, the loyalty contribution of the Starwood Hotels looks a whole lot more like what it does for the Marriott Hotels.
And there's some arcane things in there about whether you count, for example, a point in eligible room that came in through an OTA channel but has a loyalty number attached it or maybe they could earn points from food and beverage or you don't and we don't. So there are a bunch of things that go into that calculation.
As we said, we're at -- about 50% of all of our rooms are coming from our loyalty programs. We think that number will grow. We are, I think, in a very early inning while our customers were, both Starwood and Marriott customers, I think we’re pleased when we allowed linkage of the loyalty programs on the day of close. To now have one single program means they don't have to go to 2 separate sites, if you will, to see what the options are in the other legacy portfolio.
And that means the customers are, just in the last few months now, for the first time, going on and looking at whatever destination they may be going to and seeing a meaningfully broader selection to choose from than they did before. And it means that we are seeing folks who might have driven farther for that SPG hotel or driven farther for that Marriott Rewards hotel before now having options that are a little bit closer to them. And there'll be some in -- there'll be some trading sort of back and forth in both directions, which I think net-net, should drive share of wallet and maybe not disproportionately impact either one.
We did put in our prepared remarks that redemption volume has gone up significantly. I think that is a powerful sign that people are seeing the value of the choices that are available. And so I tried to put an inning on it, but I would say it's very early in the game in terms of revenue lift and the lift available from the Bonvoy program.
Okay. I guess the operator told us you were last. Thank you very much for being so patient with us. We obviously try and do these things in the morning for obvious reasons. We had our Board meeting and shareholders' meeting this morning, and we're trying to fit an awful lot in, in the same day. And so thanks for waiting until Friday afternoon for us. We appreciate your interest in us. Congratulations, Laura, once again. We'll have you for...

Another few quarters here, but...

Happy Mother's Day, everybody.

Make sure you take your mothers or your spouses or whoever is mother-like to you to one of our hotels and celebrate. Have a good weekend.