Thanks, Jackie, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Global demand rebounded strongly and swiftly during the first quarter after a brief Omicron-related slowdown early in the year. In March, worldwide RevPAR was just 9% below 2019. Occupancy rose to 64%, with ADR an impressive 5% above March of 2019.  
COVID-19 is still impacting our business to varying degrees around the world, but as global vaccination rates increase, case counts decline and new COVID variants are tending to be less severe. Many countries have started to cautiously adopt a live with COVID policy, leading to a rise in demand for all types of travel.  
Leisure demand, which had already fully recovered during 2021, has further strengthened this year, with first quarter global leisure transient room nights more than 10% above 2019. Recovery of business transient and group demand is still lagging leisure, but as greater numbers of employees return to the office, demand has been rapidly improving.  
Additionally, day of the week trends continue to show that trips that blend leisure and business are on the rise. In March, in the U.S. and Canada, while Monday through Wednesday occupancy was down in the mid-teens, occupancy during the shoulder days, Thursday and Sunday, was down in the single digits and occupancy on Fridays and Saturdays was nearly in line with March of 2019.  
While still below pre-pandemic room nights, cross-border travel demand is growing slowly as more countries around the world reopen their borders and lift travel restrictions. Cross-border guests accounted for 14% of global room nights in the first quarter, a gain of around 100 basis points compared to a quarter ago, but well below the 2019 share of 19%.  
In the U.S. and Canada, March RevPAR was within 4% of 2019. Occupancy topped 68% during the month and ADR accelerated to 6% over pre-pandemic levels. While the extent of RevPAR recovery still varies widely from city to city, overall, progress during the quarter was widespread across all chain scales as well as market types, that is primary, secondary and tertiary markets, RevPAR recovery saw a meaningful improvement in March versus the fourth quarter.  
Luxury was the standout in the quarter, with ADR a remarkable 27% above pre-pandemic rates. Group demand in the U.S. and Canada accelerated sharply during the first quarter. In March, group RevPAR was 16% below 2019 compared to down more than 30% in the fourth quarter of last year.  
Growth in new bookings has contributed to a meaningful improvement in group pace for the remainder of the year. As of March 31, group revenue pays for the remainder of 2022 was down in the high single-digit range compared to 2019. We also expect additional short-term bookings to further boost group revenues. April was the eighth month in a row where in the year for the year group bookings exceeded 2019 levels.  
Importantly, our sales teams remain focused on driving ADR, which has continued to rise for new bookings. ADR for managed hotel bookings made in January was 3% above 2019 levels, while ADR for bookings made in March had risen to 12% above pre-pandemic levels.  
Business transient demand in the U.S. also gained momentum during the quarter. Recovery in March improved notably compared to the fourth quarter, with business transient room nights down 10% to 15%. Special corporate accounts, which tend to be larger companies, have recovered more slowly than smaller-sized businesses, which have now fully recovered. Special corporate new bookings strengthened in March and further advanced in April.  
Internationally, all regions, except for Greater China, experienced additional RevPAR recovery in March compared to the fourth quarter recovery. In the Middle East and Africa, where borders have been opened since late last year, first quarter performance was stellar, with RevPAR surpassing 2019 for the second quarter in a row. This was led by strength in the UAE from the World Expo in Dubai that ran from October of 2021 through March of this year.  
At the other end of the spectrum, in Greater China, where restrictions have been the most severe, RevPAR dropped significantly with the lockdown of several major cities, including Shanghai, late in the quarter. We are keeping a close eye on trends in Europe, but outside of Russia, the war in Ukraine has not yet impacted demand. Cancellations have been minimal. And as all countries in the region have removed or reduced travel restrictions, bookings across the rest of Europe have accelerated for spring and the summer high season.  
In Russia, we've closed our corporate offices and paused all future hotel development and new hotel openings. There are currently 23 properties opened in the country, though occupancies are modest. We continue to evaluate our operations in Russia, which represented well under 1% of our global fees in 2019.  
We are watching the horrific humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and neighboring countries with deep concern. And we're doing what we can to help those impacted in the region. I'm very proud of our teams that have been mobilizing to help those in need in numerous ways, including working with relief partners and housing refugees at Marriott properties in neighboring countries.  
The power of Marriott Bonvoy was, again, evident in the quarter, as we remain focused on strengthening our loyalty platform for our 164 million members. Of course, member engagement has risen as travel demand comes back, but there has also been a significant increase in members earning and using points outside of our hotels. Our Bonvoy members are interacting with us more through everyday spending, thanks to our collaborations with companies like Uber.  
We have also seen incredible global interest in and engagement with our Bonvoy co-brand cards, with new card acquisitions and card spend both up meaningfully year-over-year.  
The first quarter also marked our best quarter ever for direct digital bookings, which helped drive owner and franchisee profitability. Digital bookings were up 14% compared to the first quarter of 2019, partially driven by meaningfully higher downloads of our redesigned Bonvoy app, which were 70% above pre-pandemic levels.  
Turning to development. The number of deals presented at our monthly development committee meetings has continued to increase. We signed 124 deals globally through March of this year, a new first quarter record. Conversion activity remains a bright spot, given the breadth of our roster of conversion-friendly brands across chain scales and the meaningful top and bottom line benefits associated with being part of our system.  
Conversions accounted for 22% of room additions in the quarter. Despite construction time lines having lengthened a bit so far this year due to supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, we expect openings to ramp up each quarter in 2022. Average construction time lines are currently just over 2 years for limited service properties and remain longer for full-service properties.  
Looking ahead, we still expect full year gross rooms growth to approach 5% and deletions of 1% to 1.5%, leading to anticipated net rooms growth of 3.5% to 4%. While signing activity has been picking up nicely, 2022 gross room additions are expected to be impacted by the diminished construction starts the industry has experienced throughout the pandemic, particularly here in the U.S.  
With financing starting to ease a bit, the industry has seen a notable ramp-up in new construction starts in the first quarter, but they are still well below 2019 levels. However, we remain confident that over the next several years, we will return to our pre-pandemic mid-single-digit net rooms growth rate given the improving global environment, the attractiveness of our brands, our strong development activity, our momentum around conversions and the largest pipeline in the industry.  
In closing, I feel extremely optimistic about our future. With our unparalleled portfolio of 30 global brands and over 8,000 properties worldwide, our invaluable Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program, our numerous growth opportunities and the best associates in the business, I believe Marriott is uniquely positioned to benefit from the continued recovery ahead.  
I will now turn the call over to Leeny to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Great question. I'll answer it a few ways. As you know, many of the development projects that we entertain in Greater China come to us when they are well under construction. And so one of the metrics we use to evaluate growth pace is intake of MOUs or LOIs, and we've seen pretty steady pace of MOU intake even during the impact of the zero COVID policy across China. 
We have seen some construction interruption as we've seen here in the U.S. But for the first time, we're starting to see some real traction on the conversion side, which has not historically been particularly active source of rooms growth across Greater China.

Thank you, Shaun.

Yes, I think there's a bit of conservatism in that outlook, but that conservatism is driven by what we've seen in terms of the booking windows. So we have much less visibility into Q3 and Q4, because the booking windows have been shortening generally, and then the trend towards shorter group bookings is even more acute. 
And so we've shared with you the continued strength in leisure. We've talked to you a bit about the fact that we saw really strong group numbers at the end of the first quarter. We're feeling good about the last 3 quarters. But again, we're dealing with quite short booking windows. And the same is true with business transient. I think it's that murkiness of visibility in the back half of the year that's causing us not to be more bullish in terms of forecasting.

And maybe just to illustrate that even a little further, Shaun, we look at the group activity in the U.S. and Canada in April. April is the eighth straight month where in the year for the year bookings were ahead of where we were in '19. So great news for our business, but creates a bit more challenges into looking into Q3 and Q4.

Of course. So in the U.S. and Canada, business transient room nights were down, as we said in the prepared remarks, between 10% and 15% in March. That's obviously a very meaningful improvement over what we saw in the fourth quarter, where business transient room nights were down about 30%. 
As you might expect, the volume coming out of small and medium-sized companies has effectively fully recovered, while the demand from larger companies still has a bit of hill to climb to get back to where we were pre-pandemic. But we continue to see that improvement just more slowly than what we've seen from the small and medium-sized companies.

Thank you.

I'm not sure I understand exactly your question, but let me give it a shot. The -- as we've talked about in the past, our developer and owner and franchisee community, they tend to be long-term investors in the sector. They don't, as a general rule, try to time construction starts or opening in a given month or a given quarter based on what they're seeing. 
I do think, as we talked about last quarter, the availability of debt financing has likely been the single biggest impediment to an acceleration of new construction, particularly in the U.S. and Canada. And as that flow of debt capital starts to free up a little bit, that's why I think we're seeing a parallel increase in construction starts. 
It could actually be some pent-up demand because they're starting to believe based on the statistics that the recovery really has momentum and it's inspiring a bit more confidence in that development community to start putting shovels in the ground.

Thank you.

Yes. I'll have Jackie and Betsy give you the specific statistics. What I can tell you is several quarters ago, the composition of the pipeline pivoted towards a higher percentage of international. We're in -- the low 60% of the total pipeline is outside the U.S. And in terms of the relative pace of growth, international versus domestic, we see international growing roughly twice as rapidly as our domestic rooms growth.

And that's a great point on Middle East, Leeny. In fact, if you look back pre-pandemic, Middle East rooms grew at about 6.5%. Last year, they grew closer to 8%. And this year, they could grow in the mid-teens.

And then I think you said the second part of your question was really around big multinationals and attitudinally how they're thinking about travel going forward. I'll speak both anecdotally and then statistically, whether it's meeting with big multinationals here domestically, I was in Europe last week and met with about 30 travel managers for multinationals across Europe. 
There's a bit of a tug of war right now, I think, between managing travel costs and being mindful of carbon footprint, and that's being pulled by the absolute desire to collaborate with colleagues, meet with customers, immerse new employees into corporate cultures. And the statistics, particularly that improvement to down 10% to 15% in business transient, would suggest that, that appetite for the benefits of in-person interaction are starting to win that tug of war a bit.

Yes, nothing particularly -- particular in terms of the calendar. Not yet. We didn't see any particular impact from the timing of Easter. I think our view is, generally, it's just continued pace of demand recovery acceleration.

Thank you, David.

And then I think given that pattern, David, you also see it manifest itself a little bit in terms of rate. ADR on the weekends was about 4% higher than it was on weekdays in the quarter.

Yes and yes, is the short answer. I think, Chad, the -- even pre-pandemic, whether it be because of what we were hearing from our customers, what we thought would act as an accelerant to the appeal of the Bonvoy platform, we have been very focused on continuing to accelerate the growth of our resort portfolio. 
Similarly, we saw, both from a development perspective and a guest perspective, tremendous appetite for all-inclusive experiences in certain markets and whole home rentals for certain trip types. I think you will continue to see us look at organic growth in all of those areas. And as has always been the case, continue to look at portfolio deals like what we did with Sunwing last year in the all-inclusive space.

Thank you, Robin.

Great. I'll take the first one, Robin. So as we talked about 2022, we talked about the first quarter being down about 30%. The remaining 3 quarters being down high single digits, which give us confidence that will end up down 15-ish for '22, although that could improve meaningfully given the short-term bookings -- short-term booking window that we've seen. 
As we look into '23, looking at what's on the books today, we're down about 15% relative to '19. But take my comment about booking window, we think there is massive opportunity to close that gap between now and the beginning of '23.

When we talked to you last quarter, Robin, about group 2023, ADR was pacing up about 4%. As we sit here today, we're up about 6.5%.

So I'll try to answer that qualitatively, and Leeny may provide a little color in terms of margins. I would say we are making good progress trying to strike that right balance. We will be landing on our housekeeping solution and announcing that probably towards the end of the second quarter. 
I think in the markets where demand has recovered most quickly, I think we're doing a particularly strong job of striking that right balance. In some of the urban markets, where demand has been a bit more slow to recover. I think we are on the right path, but we still have some work to do in front of us.

Sure. So I think we talked last quarter, the growth of the platform itself in terms of listings has been pretty remarkable. Pre-pandemic, we had 2,000 to 3,000 listings. We find ourselves today with about 57,000 listings at the end of the first quarter. Still tiny relative to some of the peers in that space. 
But again, I think, distinguished a bit because the composition of our portfolio is 100% multi-bedroom full homes. These are not spare rooms or couches or anything else. These are full multi-bedroom homes. As you would expect, with that sort of exponential growth and the sheer volume of listings, we've seen a very meaningful uptick in the revenue coming through that platform.

Thank you, operator. First, let me thank you all for your heartfelt condolences. I know how special Laura was to you, both as a friend and a colleague. So thank you for those kind words. 
Thanks for your interest and participation today, and we look forward to seeing you on the road in the coming weeks and months. Have a great day. Thank you.