Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Leeny Oberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Laura Paugh, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Senior Director, Investor Relations. 
I should note that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our comments. 
Forward-looking statements in the press release that we issued last night, along with our comments today, are effective only today, November 5, 2019, and will not be updated as actual events unfold. You can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures referred to in our remarks at www.marriott.com/investor. 
So let's get started. We were pleased with our results in the third quarter. Our global system-wide RevPAR rose 1.5%, consistent with our guidance. Our global RevPAR index increased 210 basis points in the quarter, with strength in the U.S., Asia Pacific and the Caribbean and Latin America. 
In the U.S. alone, RevPAR index increased nearly 200 basis points in the quarter, with U.S. transient index up 250 basis points. Marriott Bonvoy is on a roll. Global room revenue for Marriott Bonvoy members is up 12% year-to-date over the last 9 months, members contributed 52% of system-wide room nights, a 320 basis point increase year-over-year. In the U.S. alone, members represented 58% of booked room nights in the 9 months. 
Year-to-date, loyalty point redemptions are up over 20%, driving better results at resorts and leisure destinations around the world. Social media feedback about the program has become decidedly favorable. In a recent survey of Bonvoy members by an 8:1 margin. Respondent said, they preferred the new Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program over either Marriott Rewards or SPG. 
Over the last 9 months, Marriott Bonvoy membership increased by 12 million members to reach 137 million members, with nearly 40% of that increase coming from China, including the meaningful contribution from our Alibaba joint venture. Earlier this year, we launched Homes and Villas by Marriott International, our home rental business, with a growing number of premium homes and villas. Today, we offer 5,000 homes in 190 markets across the U.S., Europe, and the Caribbean and Latin America. 
In the third quarter, over 95% of our Home rentals were booked by Marriott Bonvoy members and nearly 30% of the home rentals were paid for with point redemptions. In another move popular with Bonvoy members, we recently announced our entry into the all-inclusive hotel business. After signing new management agreements for 5 new build, all-inclusive resorts located in Mexico and the Dominican Republic. Last month, we announced our offer to acquire Elegant Hotels, which owns and operates 7 hotels in Barbados, which would jump-start our all-inclusive offering. 
We expect this acquisition will be completed by year-end 2019, subject to approval by Elegant's shareholders and satisfaction of other conditions. Our guests are increasingly booking online. Our direct digital channels leveraged the popularity of Marriott Bonvoy and offered the lowest cost per reservation. Those channels, marriott.com and Marriott Mobile, accounted for 32% of our room nights booked in the third quarter, over 400 basis points higher year-over-year.
Also in the quarter, the percentage of room nights booked through OTAs declined nearly 100 basis points. Incidentally, earlier this year, we signed new agreements with Booking.com and Expedia, which we expect will result in better economics for our owners and give us enhanced control over how our products are presented by third-party sites.
Our sales organization had a great quarter. For North America, new group business booked in the quarter for comparable hotels in all future periods increased 6% year-over-year. New revenue bookings made in the third quarter for 2020 increased 6% and new revenue bookings for 2021 rose 10%. We have opened many of our group sales offices during evenings and weekends to serve our customers at their convenience and to take advantage of the strong demand for our products. 
While our booking pace is down modestly for the fourth quarter 2019 due to the timing of holidays, booking pace for comparable hotels for 2020 is up at a mid-single-digit rate year-over-year. About 2/3 of the group business expected for the year is already booked. 
In the third quarter, we opened nearly 18,000 rooms, more than any competitor worldwide. Our development pipeline increased to a record 495,000 rooms, 5% higher than the year-ago quarter, including 214,000 rooms under construction. Nearly 40% of the rooms in our pipeline are high value, upper upscale and luxury rooms in high RevPAR markets. In 2019, we expect our room count will increase 5% to 5.25% net, reflecting increasing construction delays offset by lower-than-expected room deletions.
For 2020, we expect similar net rooms growth. We continue to experience construction delays in North America, particularly in the top 25 markets as well as in the Middle East and Europe. Permitting issues are also contributing to groundbreaking delays, which impact openings for 2020, but signings are strong. In fact, 2019 room signings are approaching record 2018 levels. The vast majority of 2020 openings are already under construction.
So let's talk about 2020 RevPAR growth. Estimates for U.S. GDP growth point to a slower pace of economic growth in 2020, with lodging supply growth continuing at about 2%. This implies continuing moderating RevPAR growth for the U.S. industry. At the same time as I mentioned, our group revenue on the books in North America is quite strong, with booking pace up at a mid-single-digit rate. We are negotiating 2020 special corporate rates right now. And while only a few negotiations are complete, we expect 2020 special corporate rates will rise at a low single-digit rate. Recently announced U.S. government per diems, weighted by our market distribution, are set to rise 1.4% for the government's upcoming fiscal year.
Today, we are seeing good demand from both business and leisure transient customers, reflecting preference for our brands and our loyalty program. But given the meaningful unknowns in the economy, we are estimating North America RevPAR growth in 2020 will increase around the midpoint of our 0% to 2% global RevPAR guide.
For our Asia Pacific region, we are modeling 2020 RevPAR growth at a low single-digit rate, reflecting strong growth in Beijing, South China Markets, India and Japan. Double-digit growth in room supply in Indonesia, Malaysia and the Maldives may constrain RevPAR growth in those countries next year.
Recent events in Hong Kong make that market quite difficult to forecast. Our Hong Kong RevPAR declined 27% in the third quarter, albeit with a meaningful improvement in RevPAR Index as we outperformed the industry. We expect RevPAR at our Hong Kong hotels will decline roughly 40% in the fourth quarter. 
For the full year 2020, we are assuming a mid-single-digit RevPAR decline in the city. Obviously, any estimate for Hong Kong RevPAR performance is somewhat speculative. So while we hope comparisons will ease in the second half of 2020, we are only making a modeling assumption.
For next year, we expect Europe RevPAR will grow at a low single-digit rate constrained by new supply in Germany and the U.K. RevPAR in the Middle East and Africa should be flat to up slightly in 2020 with continued supply growth in the Middle East and improving demand in Africa.
In the Caribbean and Latin America region, RevPAR should increase at a low single-digit rate next year, reflecting more modest economic growth and political uncertainty in some markets. At the same time, the region will benefit from newly comp luxury hotels in Panama and Costa Rica. 
As you know, our business model is focused on managing and franchising the finest lodging brands. Our past results have demonstrated how this allowed us to perform well throughout economic cycles. Investors favor our business model because of this stability, but we are much more than this. We have the deepest hotel brand offering and broadest property distribution in the world, which contributes to our most valuable loyalty program. Worldwide loyalty penetration has been increasing all year, and we believe there is further upside. Owners benefit from our strong RevPAR premiums and great economies of scale, particularly since our acquisition of Starwood.
In North America, we have faced slowing industry RevPAR growth and rising wages for some time. Yet savings from our greater scale and implementation of best practices since 2016 have contributed 220 basis points of house profit margin lift at our managed hotels in North America. Today, the house profit margins for the Marriott Hotels brand in North America, for example, is 150 basis points higher than at the last cyclical peak in 2007.
Strong economic results for owners contribute to owner preference for our brands, increasing market share and our growing pipeline. While we have a 7% share of worldwide open rooms, we have a nearly 20% share of worldwide rooms under construction.
We look for investment opportunities to leverage our distribution and our loyalty program, enhance our brands and drive shareholder value. We've announced 2 such opportunities just recently. Our acquisition of Elegant Hotels, once complete, will firmly establish our all-inclusive presence; and our purchase and reinvention of the W Hotel Union Square should enhance the value of the W Hotel brand.
Our successful sale of the St. Regis New York and the 10 other hotels we have sold over the past 3 years demonstrates strong owner demand for our brands and our commitment to our management and franchise strategy. In total, we've monetized over 2.2 billion of assets since the acquisition of Starwood. 
To be sure, roughly 7% of our total fees are incentive fees from North American hotels. These incentive fees are subject to an owner priority return and admittedly vary more that with RevPAR than basin franchise fees, but the downside is limited. Further, the long-term value to shareholders from these properties is meaningful as these are among our most prized and valuable hotels to our guests.
As you can tell, I'm feeling very good about Marriott's prospects today and appreciate the company's compelling value. On a more personal note, I'm also appreciative for your many kind words of support. I've completed chemo, radiation and immunotherapy over the last 6 months. Next step is surgery. I've been working throughout, and I'm still getting in my morning runs. I'm sorry I'll have to miss our upcoming holiday party in New York, but expect to be with you on the next earnings call in February and look forward to seeing many of you in person in 2020. 
Before handling this over to Leeny, let me pause a moment to recognize Laura Paugh. Sadly, this is her last quarterly earnings call. Laura was by my side for my first quarterly earnings call in October of 1998. She was already a veteran IR professional then, and she has only gotten better and better in the 21 years we have sat next to each other for these calls. Laura, thank you. If I may be so bold, thank you from all of us at Marriott and from all of us in the industry. If we analyze our stock and the other securities in the hospitality interest industry, you're simply the best.
For more about the third quarter and our outlook, here's Leeny.

Now we got you.

Yes. I don't -- there is a little bit more apprehension, I suppose, that we pick up. I'm not sure so much in the special rate negotiations directly as it is in just the conversations we're having with senior members of the American business community. I think that apprehension is a little bit about politics, but the way you framed it maybe makes it almost sound a little bit too general. I think it is more focused on the trade dynamic probably than politics, generally. And of course, we've got everyday news about whether or not we're nearing a trade deal. I think if we get to a trade deal, obviously that will be meaningful, even if it's a relatively small deal. 
But having said that, while apprehension is a bit higher, I think absolute performance of the U.S. economy is still quite robust. It may not be reflecting the kind of growth we'd like to see on a year-over-year basis. But whether you're looking at our industry or the economy more broadly. I think you see obviously low unemployment in our industry, you see high occupancy, you see absolute performance that is fairly meaningful. And so I think we would characterize this, and you can sort of sense it in what we said to expect in terms of year-over-year increases in revenue coming from those special corporate accounts. But it feels like a cautious but steady move into 2020 from 2019, expecting a bit more of the same as opposed to something declining.

Well, the -- obviously, we had a gonzo year in 2018 when you looked at the way the credit card made contributions to us compared to before. And of course, that was because we had renegotiated deals with both of our credit card partners. And we're in market with new limited time offers and other things that we're moving that quite robustly. 
Growth rates in 2019 by comparison have been maybe a tad better than growth in total lodging fees, but not dramatically different. We have, of course, have got internal discussions underway where we're looking at what we might budget for 2020. It's a little too early to talk about that in any sort of particular ranges, but we think there is more opportunity for these credit cards as the program gets that much more powerful. 
Our penetration of total Bonvoy members is very light. Our penetration of the heavy travelers is obviously more significant. But I think we'll look for opportunities to grow that contribution in 2020 and probably in a number of years beyond that.

Yes. So a couple of things. I'll repeat a couple of things I said in the prepared remarks. So we have calculated -- obviously, we're talking here about hotel-level margin performance, which is really about managed hotels. And principally, until a comment coming up is about North America. And 2 things. One is, we've tried to calculate what margin performance is driven by RevPAR and then what margin performance is driven by implement -- assets we've been able to implement because of the Starwood transaction. And that difference is about 220 basis points in North America. 
So we think about 220 basis points or 2 full points of GOP margin has been delivered because of that. In part because of that, we end up with nominal GOP, gross operating profit at the hotel level up 150 basis points from the peak in 2007.
Now that's an average number. It covers a lot of variables across different markets in the United States. We know that New York, for example, with both substantial cost growth, which has experienced in the last decade, not just in wages and benefits, but also in property taxes and compounded with some supply growth. We have seen more pressure there on house profit margins compared to peak than we have in some other markets.
Now when it gets to incentive fees, this becomes a global story, of course. And what we've seen is a continued meaningful shift from U.S. derived fees to international derived fees. And while it would be an oversimplification to say that all international IMF is less risky than domestic IMF, certainly on average terms, it is significantly more stable through the cycles than the American IMFs are. Why? Because typically in the United States, you would have an owner's priority. And until you fill that owner's priority bucket, we get nothing. Where in much of the rest of the world, the incentive management fee formula gives us a share of profits from the first get-go.

I think it'd be too early to conclude that. I mean let's be mindful of the fact we are heavily into the budget process right now, but we're not completed yet. And of course, we've got a sense, which we've shared with you this morning, of a RevPAR range, which we think is germane to the way we think about 2020. 
But the teams around the world are working to sort of run that through each of their businesses, and individual hotels for that matter, just to where it pulls together and settles. But I would think that lodging fee growth, there's every reason to believe it will be positive and should be broadly comparable to what we experienced in 2019.

Yes. It's a good question, and it does -- it's a logical question, given the RevPAR numbers by brand that we share in the press release. I think one of the things that we were most gratified by in Q3, we obviously talked about our [indiscernible] points. But we saw index growth in both legacy Starwood and legacy-Marriott portfolios. And that is a pretty powerful sign that we think this experiment is working well. And it's going to work well, we think, for both portfolios, if you look at it that way. 
I think what Sheraton and Westin are probably quite different in this regard. Westin is impacted by the law of small numbers to some extent, more than Sheraton is. So the smaller the portfolio, the more you've got some variability based on geography alone that can often have an impact to the reported RevPAR numbers. Sheraton obviously is a bigger brand. You still have some geographic differences there that are relevant.
I think the other thing we've got is, we've got a good amount of renovation activity underway in the Sheraton brand, which does have an impact on the margins on the way RevPAR is posted in any given quarter. That might be short-term pain, but clearly it is long term very much to our advantage. 
But again, I think the -- if you put a point out and said, "Well, how does Sheraton repositioning going?" And we're really actually quite encouraged. The -- a piece of that is implied by Leeny's comments about relatively lower deletions from the system. I think what we're seeing from our ownership community, generally, is a positive support for where we're taking the brand and an acknowledgment that, that means capital needs to be brought in, and those brands -- those hotels need to be brought up to the kind of standards we're setting for the brand going forward.

Yes. I mean the -- obviously, all-inclusive has grown very steadily over the course of the last couple of decades, I suppose, and we've watched it develop. It is, almost by definition, a purely leisure brand. I mean there are certainly some hotels that are getting some group business that is not leisure, but it is heavily a leisure play. We are really encouraged by the Bonvoy strength, which we've talked about this morning, which really, in some respects, is about recognizing business travelers by giving them the kind of experiences they want when they're taking their leisure trips. And with lifestyle and luxury and resort portfolio that we've got in our hotel portfolio, we've already got tremendous things to offer there. But we can see that in the all-inclusive space, there's another thing that we would like to be able to offer, which is a connection with the loyalty program for an all-inclusive stay, which many, many travelers like to have.
I think the bet we're making with Elegant is not as concentrated as it might seem. Well, it's a handful of hotels in that market. It's only about 700 rooms total. So we're not in any way concerned about our ability to continue both to market that in the U.K., which has been the strongest source market for those hotels, but increasingly open that market up to American travelers who will find the paradise of Barbados, I think, as attractive as many of the other markets in the region. 
And then I think we'll continue to move. I think the theory has been well recognized for a number of years, and that is, isn't it obvious that hotel loyalty programs should be able to deliver good, cost-effective volumes, all-inclusive hotels. And I don't know that anybody has really proven that yet. Obviously, some of our hotel competitors are already in with a handful of all-inclusive hotels, but I think it's still early for all of us. And we want to make sure that we get in there, that we use our management team to both learn the differences in this business, but to also be able to make sure we can deliver our customer to these kinds of hotels. And I think we'll be able to do that.

In fairness, a good question, Joe. The -- obviously we're disappointed by this too, and a quarter ago and probably 2 quarters ago too. We were asked about net unit growth in 2020 or in the years ahead compared to 2019. And based on the multiyear planning that we've done, much of which we've shared with you when we do analyst meeting, and also just based on the obvious, which is that the pipeline in aggregate size is very big and we've been signing high-quality deals every year. And while every year is not a record, we have been in many respects surprised to the upside about how the new projects are coming into the pipeline. And that continues well into 2019, even with the sort of apprehension in the market. So all of those things caused us to be not just hopeful, but to have some factual underpinning, thinking that we were going to see unit growth step up in 2020 and years beyond from the levels we're today. And obviously we've given you our first look at 2020 this morning or in our release last night. And I have said, we now expect it to be roughly comparable negative growth rates next year as this year, which I know is disappointing to folks. 
We're still early in the process, so we should mention that. We don't -- we've not finalized our budget plan. I think that as we've said in the past and every quarter, we go through the entire portfolio pipeline. And we add new units based on signings that have been done, we subtract units when they open, and we subtract a few that are killed every quarter. The number that we've canceled this last category is really not moving. So we're not seeing the worst news driving this, which is that deals are being abandoned. Instead, what we're seeing is sort of all of the above for delays. And by that, I mean you've got a piece of it which is about the greater upper-upscale and luxury mix that is in our pipeline; greater urban mix which is in our pipeline, where permitting and construction often takes longer. You've got continued high construction costs in many markets around the world, which our owners are trying to make sure that they manage well, offset a little bit by continued high availability of debt financing at pretty attractive terms. 
And then lastly, I think you do have some apprehension about the economy generally. And so I think there are some owners, it varies a little bit by market to market, but some owners who will look and say, "I do intend to do this project. I'm going to move forward with it. But I'm going to do it maybe with a bit more deliberate speed than I would have if I was really 100% convinced that I needed to cap it -- capture this thing right away." It is an American phenomenon, but it is also increasingly a global phenomenon. Because I think we are seeing the same dynamic play out probably in the Middle East and Europe next to the United States, but we're seeing these trends sort of take place around the world.

It was driven by both, but I think the Bonvoy piece is probably the broadest in its extent. That is very much a global phenomenon where penetration from the loyalty program went up meaningfully in essentially every market around the world. Our group sales at the same time, which is a function of the sales force obviously, is stronger than the transient categories of business, but by a point or so not dramatically and certainly not capable of explaining all of that index growth, if you will, for the quarter.

Yes. The redemptions have been high this year. I think a big chunk of it is simply the stability of the program now and the ability of customers from legacy SPG and legacy Marriott rewards to experiment with a broader portfolio. And that's been very interesting to see, and there's some obvious examples. Starwood, for example, had the Great Chica Collection in Italy principally. But Southern Europe, glorious hotels, and suddenly, that's opened up to a huge number of legacy Marriott Rewards members. And they say, "These are places that we want to try and experiment with." 
I think there is probably some on-sale aspect also that moved that. I think some of the bookings that could have been made through the first part of 2019, probably not into the middle of 2019, allowed some of the highest category hotels to be -- and this is not about peak/off-peak pricing, but it's about the former highest category hotels. They were on sale a little bit based on the way the minutia of those formula work. And I think you have some extraordinarily sophisticated folks who watch these loyalty programs and thought this is a good time to reserve some of those redemption stays for that kind of hotel. But I suspect we will see pretty robust redemption activity as a steady state aspect of a loyalty program going forward.

Well, all redemptions are up, but they're up not just in luxury and upper upscale, but they're also up in the select service space.

I mean I'm going to say something general, and then Leeny will jump in here and give you something that's more precise. But we have obviously the capacity, given our size, to make some modest investments in positioning the company for accelerated growth going forward. And so the deals we've announced, for example, in the last 4 to 6 weeks really proved that out. They are about positioning us well for the all-inclusive space, which we've talked about already this morning, and making sure what we do what we want to do for the W brand, particularly in North America where we want to make sure that we invest in the strength of that brand, which has been a juggernaut for Starwood for many years; but do that in a market like New York, where it is really important that we have a flagship that we feel great about. And so both of those opportunities stepped up. We, of course, looked at them in the context of how does that individual deal value for us long term. What's the strategy for it? But more than that, we look at it in the context of are we strengthening the platform for us to grow in the future. Leeny, I don't know what should add to that.

I probably shouldn't do that.

Well, so the 220 basis points is all the latter, okay? That's an effort to calculate the margin, cumulative margin impact since we closed the Starwood deal, excluding the impact from RevPAR. And if you take that number and the 150 basis points absolute improvement in margins versus 2007, it would suggest that 100% of it, a bit more than 100% of that difference is driven by the deal that we've done and the steps we've been able to take since then. Does that answer your question, Steve.

That's a good question. I mean I think the capital spending we do, we've talked quite a bit this morning about some of the unusual deals. So let's ignore it first because that's been talked about.

I don't think much. I'm not sure I actually know for a certainty. But certainly over time, a presidential election year is not a great year for Washington, D.C. for example, all other things being equal, because by and large, the politicians are out on the hustings as opposed to hanging out in Washington. And so we obviously have a substantial presence, including group hotels in Washington. I don't know what their bookings are for next year, but I would guess that it is sort of less than average. And I think when you look at the rest of the country, of course, you'll have 2 conditions in 2 individual cities, which will be good for that. But I think overwhelmingly, what we're talking about is corporate and association business. It's not about the political environment.

So maybe we should decide right now that we'll invite Laura back in a decade, and we can talk about incentive management fees, and what would that be 2029 or something like that. 
The -- and one context-setting comment before answering your question, obviously, the incentive fees are skewed towards -- by definition, they are always on managed hotels, not franchised hotels. And they skew towards more significant markets, think of the top 25 in the United States or very well-established resort destinations. And they skew towards upper-upscale and luxury hotels all around the world. And it is those hotels which deliver disproportionately higher fees per room to us than our competitors or others in the industry will experience from the brands that they've got. So while there is a bit more volatility in incentive management fees for obvious reasons, they come from the bottom line, not the top line. They are, in every instance, fees we would just as soon be earning because they are economically additive to us and because they are strategically additive to us because those hotels make an extraordinary amount of difference. 
Leeny and Laura and Betsy and I were talking this morning, actually I think if you go back and look at the securities analyst meeting and the 1% scenario, we're performing right in line with that, at least in terms of total fees. There may be some variability in which of the 3 fee lines is contributing to that, but broadly we're within the range of what we've talked about. And so there's nothing here that we're going to be able to say to you this morning that gives you tremendously more clarity than what you know to be the obvious, which is that when you're in a low year-over-year RevPAR environment with expenses growing at meaningfully faster rate than RevPAR is, that that's going to have an impact to Marriott and its incentive fees, just the way it's going to have an impact to the owner and their contribution from that hotel. 
Now there are some things which exacerbated here a little bit one way or another. Hong Kong, we've talked about at length this morning, would have had a disproportionate impact in Q3, albeit modest. I suspect the impact in Q4 will be more significant than in Q3 because the performance there is going to be that much worse in Q4. 
And then you go around the rest of the world, and you'll see different performance in different markets. New York, we've talked about too, New York will be a place where because of anemic RevPAR growth or modest declines even in RevPAR. And cost increases, the incentive fee contribution from the hotels that are in incentive fees in New York will be disproportionately weaker than they would be in other markets around the world.

Yes. You're testing us a little bit, given we have not done our budgets yet for next year. I mean I think it's -- I think you're going to infer from what we've said that group may be the strongest contributor, if you will, to that 0% to 2% range that we gave for next year. I think it would be far too soon to suggest that, that implies that leisure transient is meaningfully weaker than business transient. Obviously, we're going to see the way the year actually evolves, but we're also going to see the way the completion of our budget season evolves. And again -- but behind that average of 0% to 2%, you're going to see some markets that are lower than that 0% and some markets that are higher than the 2% based upon market dynamics, which may have something to do with convention centers or group booking pace for that individual market or the strength of the sort of local drivers of that -- those economies as opposed to some other economies. So I would -- while group, I think, will be among the strongest segments for us, I don't think it means that the others are necessarily going to be down.

Yes. I don't -- and that's one reason I answered your first question the way I did is we don't see leisure has been weak. We see -- and again, again, I'm probably talking a little bit about the American situation at this point, but probably we can expand it to some other parts of the world as well. I think that the -- what we see is our leisure customer is out on the road, and they are staying with us, and they're taking their vacations. Yes of course, some are doing home rentals when they travel as well. That is I think particularly more relevant for those that are most cost-sensitive, not for those who are most interested in a great experience, if you will. 
And of course, that's one of the reasons we've decided to get into this space ourselves, to deliver something which is more predictable as a great experience and more tied for travelers who are interested in more than just the cheapest rate that they can possibly get. But I think leisure remains strong. We -- I met with some senior folks coming out of China not so long ago. And I think if you look at China outbound travel, which is often leisure, the global numbers are still quite respectable. Arrivals in Europe from China, of course, are much stronger than arrivals in the United States are from China, and there are a number of reasons for that. But I would characterize really the leisure customer generally as being quite healthy.

That's a good question, Bill. I mean I don't think that's terribly germane to what we're experiencing today, okay? So the performance in our global incentive fee line is not being driven by a mark to market of a significant number of managed hotels, for example. So I would suggest this question be viewed a little bit more abstractly than that. 
And there, I think it's going to vary a little bit by part of the world. Leeny mentioned that about 2/3 of our incentive fees now are coming from outside the United States. Those contracts are -- they're not all uniform, of course, but we're signing brand-new hotels coming into our system with incentive fee formulas and real contributions from them about similar to many of the hotels we signed a decade ago, which are in. And so I don't think there's a meaningful mark to market sort of risk there long term. 
I think if you look in the United States, or to some extent in Europe, there are some above-market deals that we did a long time ago. Sometimes they were assets that we controlled and sold. And as those mature, I suspect that owners will try and reduce incentive fees there. 
Now to be fair, owners will always try and reduce the net level of fees that they're paying, not just incentive fees, but the top line fees as well. And the negotiations there really are about what kind of value do your brands and does your loyalty program deliver, and what are they worth. 
And a long-winded way of saying, of course, if some of those contracts were terminated today and start all over again, I suspect that they would start with a similar formula for incentive fees, but probably with a starting point which is lower than what they're achieving today.

Yes. The -- probably the most significant thing we've done with the OTAs themselves is something we've been doing not just in the brand-new agreements, but probably started a bit over a year ago. And then as we have been more aggressive in essentially dialing back the business we'll take from OTAs when we project will be at high occupancies. We've had that right for a few years. We didn't use it as aggressively as we're using it now. And we've talked about that in some of the last number of quarterly calls. It conceivably had a modest negative impact to RevPAR growth year-over-year. But we think factoring in the lower costs associated with the business that came in when we turned those dials down to 0, net-net, it drove profitability for the hotels. And that will be something that we will continue to -- a tool we'll continue to use. 
The other thing, which we disclosed of course, is that with Expedia, we did a -- we found a place where actually our alignment with them could be much greater, and that was in the wholesale space. Wholesale is another kind of third party, if you will, that is both an expensive channel and sometimes a channel which makes pricing integrity challenged because wholesale inventory can end up out there being passed from sort of one intermediary to another, and we don't often know where it's sold. And in talking that through with Expedia, we thought well, they can bring their technological prowess to bear, and we can put some discipline in the wholesale market, which should make that both easier to manage from an integrity perspective, and reduce the cost of that business that comes into our system through the wholesale channel. So that we're excited about. Obviously, we're -- it's early days in that, but the teams of both Marriott and Expedia are working aggressively, and we think there will be some good outcomes from that.

I think conversions are quite healthy even today as we speak. And partly that is the things that you've just mentioned. It is also about some of the soft brands that we've used with luxury collection, Autograph and Tribute all performing quite well. We are in a position where we can go out and both offer the top and bottom line financial benefits, but also have some flexibility on the kind of product we take that we wouldn't necessarily be the case if we had only the hard brands. I think when we get to a weaker economic environment, we will see that some of the hotels that don't really have good pipes of customers connected to them. They'll also have an incremental reason, if you will, that they don't have today, which should be helpful then.

Thank you.

Yes. A couple of preliminary comments. Developer, our developers are the best in the industry by far, but they are a special breed. And they love to do things at -- in the fourth quarter of the year. And so until the bell is rung at the end of the year, you never really know where you're going to end up. 
We are -- if you look at signings through Q3, we're marginally ahead of last year. And again I think you could say in the context of a -- that's global comment. But in the context of the uncertainties that are out there about the economy or about geopolitics or about other things, that's a pretty stunning level of success. We can't say at this point where we're going to end up the year, but there's a lot that the team is working on and they'll scramble to work it through. 
One funny thing, the select service team in the United States as they get into December, they've got this big bell that sits on the table, and they ring the bell every time they sign a contract. And that bell is ringing all the time in the last couple of weeks of the year. They delivered one of those big bells into my office last December, just to sort of let me share in the fun, if you will, but we'll keep working through the end of the year. And obviously, we'll report when we get into January about where the dust settled on signings. Generally, all good news.

You're talking about markets in which RevPAR has been softer?

Yes. Yes, I mean I don't -- I'm not sure I can do that justice off the cuff. I do think if you look at one of the highest supply growth environments in the world is the UAE to include Dubai. And if you look back a couple of years, I would guess that in Dubai, we had done essentially 0 conversions. And in the last year or so we've done a handful of conversions. And I think in a sense, that may prove a little bit of this theory that we were talking about before, which is where businesses under the most pressure, in that instance, it's mostly about supply growth, not about demand weakening, but RevPAR has been negative for the industry in Dubai, not for us necessarily in every quarter, but has been negative for the last -- much in the last couple of years, I suppose, in Dubai. And as a consequence, we're seeing a bit better conversion activity there than has ever been the case in the past. That would be an example. I can't give you stats for sort of a group of markets like that, if you will. 
All right. Laura, will you bring us home?

Thank you, Laura.

Thank you, everybody.