Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2020 conference call. I hope everyone is safe and healthy during these difficult times. Joining me this morning are Leeny Oberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jackie Burka McConagha, our Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
I want to remind everyone that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our comments. Statements in our comments and the press release we issued earlier today are effective only today and will not be updated as actual events unfold. 
Please also note that unless otherwise stated, our RevPAR and occupancy comments reflect system-wide constant-currency year-over-year changes and include hotels temporarily closed due to COVID-19. You can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures referred to in our remarks today on our Investor Relations website. 
The lodging industry continues to be profoundly impacted by the COVID-19 global pandemic, and the current operating environment remains quite challenging. Second quarter worldwide RevPAR was down 84% while April RevPAR fell 90%, the toughest year-over-year comparison on record. Demand has risen steadily since then. 
RevPAR declined 85% in May, 78% in June and 70% in July. Many of our hotels that were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 have now reopened. Today, 9% of our global properties remain closed compared to more than 25% in April. Since April, occupancy levels have increased each month in every region around the world, albeit at varying rates. Global occupancy in July hit 31% for all hotels, increasing 19 percentage points from April. And occupancy in July for the hotels that were open for each of the last 4 months reached 39%, growing 23 percentage points over that period. 
There is still no visibility around when RevPAR could return to 2019 levels. However, the global industry trends experienced over the last couple of months give us confidence that people will continue to increase their travel. We are optimistic that the second quarter will mark the bottom and that the worst is now behind us. 
Greater China, which represents 9% of our rooms, over 90% of which are managed, is leading the recovery and has seen rapid improvements in occupancy and new bookings. With the virus mostly contained at this point, many domestic travel restrictions have been lifted, and the number of daily passenger domestic flights is now around 80% of pre-COVID levels. While leisure and drive-to destinations led the initial recovery, it is encouraging to see business transient as well as group also picking up nicely. Occupancy levels in Greater China have reached 60%, up significantly from the single-digit levels in mid-February and much closer to the 70% we saw at the same time last year. 
RevPAR has followed a similar trajectory. After declining 85% year-over-year in February, RevPAR in Greater China improved to down 34% in July, averaging over 10 percentage points of improvement per month. At the current rate of recovery and assuming no wide resurgence of COVID-19, the Greater China market could approach 2019 occupancy and RevPAR levels as early as next year, even assuming limited international guests. In 2019, nearly 80% of its room nights were sourced from guests within China. 
Trends in the rest of Asia Pacific are improving at a slower pace as countries are in various phases of reopening and as certain borders remain closed. But the recovery of travel in Greater China demonstrates the resiliency of demand once there is a sense that the virus is better under control and restrictions can be safely lifted. 
In North America, 96% of our hotels are now open. We are experiencing a steady recovery across all chain scales, although the rate of recovery within markets and by hotel type has varied tremendously. In 2019, domestic travelers accounted for 95% of North America room nights, a benefit in the current environment. Leisure demand has been strong in resort areas as well as in secondary and tertiary drive-to markets. Not surprisingly, our extended-stay hotels have experienced the fastest pace of recovery. 
New bookings in North America have been building nicely, led by near-term leisure transient reservations. Despite the recent surge in cases in some states, consumers are increasing their travel. While U.S. airline passenger traffic is still well below last year's levels, the number of air travelers in the last 2 weeks of July has more than triple -- was more than triple that of the first 2 weeks of May. And system-wide North America RevPAR continued to improve in July to a year-over-year decline of 69%, which is 7 percentage points better than June. Historically, leisure has made up roughly 1/3 of our total room nights in North America. 
The more interesting part of the statistic is that the monthly variance in that percentage is actually quite small. In 2019, the estimated proportion from leisure was around 36% during the summer and only declined to 32% in September and October. We expect that solid leisure demand will continue through Labor Day in North America and could continue into the fall as employers and schools alike operate remotely. 
Business transient and group demand in North America, while lagging, are showing very early signs of improvement. For now, the group bookings outside of those associated with our caregiver and first responder programs tend to be mostly smaller ones, such as weddings or travel sports teams. 
Our Europe, Middle East and Africa region or EMEA and our Caribbean and Latin America region or CALA posted the lowest occupancy levels and steepest RevPAR declines in the second quarter. Severe restrictions following rising rates of COVID cases in many countries, combined with the much higher dependence on international travelers in these regions, have suppressed demand in these regions. In 2019, the percentage of room nights from international travelers was around 40% in Europe, 50% in the Middle East and Africa and 60% in CALA. 
75% of our hotels in EMEA and 70% in CALA were closed for most of the second quarter. Trends in both regions have started to improve recently as the prevalence of cases drops and border restrictions ease. Many of our hotels in these regions are welcoming guests again, with under 30% remaining temporarily closed. 
On the development front, owners are showing great interest in our brands, with Greater China again out in front. Greater China contributed nearly 1/3 of deal signings in the first half of the year, with the entire Asia Pacific region accounting for roughly half of all signings. Owners in the region are taking a long-term view on the market. Year-to-date, we have signed 30% more deals in Asia Pacific than we did in the first half of 2019. 
The pace of signings is not as robust in other regions around the world, largely due to the lackluster lending environment and owner uncertainty. We canceled one of our monthly deal approval meetings in the spring, which reduced our signings year-to-date, but we are having productive conversations with owners and franchisees who want to move forward. Some are hoping to see lower construction costs in the weaker economic environment for new builds while others are interested in conversions to our brands. 
Our pipeline totaled approximately 510,000 rooms at the end of the second quarter, with over 230,000 rooms under construction or around 45%. The pipeline is 1% lower than at the end of the first quarter, with slowed signings and a few more projects than usual put on hold. 
While construction activity has resumed in most parts of the world, we still expect some openings will be delayed due to slower construction time lines and supply chain issues related to COVID-19. There is uncertainty surrounding future worldwide rooms growth, but given current trends, we could see net rooms growth between 2% and 3% in 2020. The final result will depend a great deal on the way the pandemic plays out around the world in the remainder of the year. 
Over the last several months, we have enhanced our liquidity position and materially reduced our cost structures at both the corporate and property level. We are in constant dialogue with our owners and franchisees and are working together to navigate these extremely challenging times. As demand returns, we are adjusting our operating protocols and ramping up our business in a thoughtful way. 
First and foremost, we are focused on the health and safety of our associates and guests and on communicating these important efforts. We continue to enhance our cleanliness guidelines to meet the health and safety challenges presented by COVID-19. We have mandated that all hotels have electrostatic sprayers to help quickly disinfect public areas, and all properties must submit a monthly commitment to clean certification. And we are increasingly leveraging technologies like mobile check-in, mobile key and mobile chat between guests and hotel associates to reduce face-to-face interactions while amplifying operational efficiencies. Additionally, we've announced that guests are required to wear face coverings in the public spaces of our hotels in the Americas, a policy that is also currently in place for associates globally. 
We are stepping up our marketing efforts around the globe as demand improves. Each region is carefully monitoring social, economic and travel trends and implementing a phased-in approach based on local consumer sentiment and travel intent. 
With over 143 million members globally, Marriott Bonvoy, our award-winning global loyalty program, underpins all our marketing strategies. We remain focused on engaging our members with targeted e-mail campaigns and various promotions such as points accelerators on our co-brand credit cards for gas, dining and groceries; gift card discounts; and our current Bonvoy boutiques sweepstakes for items like bedding and robes. For Elite members, we have extended their status through early 2022 and in June, credited their accounts with a onetime deposit of Elite night credits, allowing them to reach the next tier faster. 
Before I turn the call over to Leeny, I must take a moment to say how proud I am of our incredible team of associates around the world. This has been a time of tremendous stress and uncertainty, yet our teams continue to impress and inspire me. 
I also want to comment on the current social justice movements. As we said in our recent statement, we stand against racism. We believe that racism must be eradicated. Our company believes in equality, justice and putting people first no matter what they look like, where they come from, what their abilities are or who they love. My management team and I are deeply committed to building on our historic commitment to diversity and to do more to champion diversity, equality and inclusion, both within our company and within the broader community. 
In closing, while this was by far the most challenging quarter in the history of our company, I am pleased with our progress. I believe we can look forward to a brighter future for travel and for Marriott. With our unparalleled portfolio of 30 global brands, superior loyalty programs, strong liquidity position and the best team in the business, I am optimistic about the trajectory of our business in the months and years ahead. 
And now Leeny, who has ably led our finance team to buttress our liquidity and to set Marriott up with the strength it needs to survive this crisis, will talk more about our financials. Leeny?

Yes. So the statistic on the last part of that question, we put in the prepared remarks. So our signings are up over last year about 30%, so -- in Asia Pacific, all driven by China. 
And I think the thing to keep in mind in China, one is about the markets generally. Obviously, the recovery is well apace. I think it's easy to be in China and look at COVID-19 as being not a thing of history quite yet because that probably won't happen until we get a vaccine and obviously there are events that come up most recently in Beijing where there need to be some reinsertion of restrictions, but those actions get done quickly. And by and large, the Chinese are back to traveling again. And so I think you've got much greater confidence about the future in the markets generally. 
And I think, secondly, the Marriott has done extraordinarily well in China. With the combination with Starwood that we did a few years ago, I think our position in the luxury and upper-upscale space, if you use the nomenclature from the United States, is very, very strong with dominant RevPAR index position. And I think we end up with a tremendous share of the new development in those segments as well as increasing growth, of course, in the moderate tier with Courtyard, Fairfield and the like, which is moving sort of -- and I think in a way, you can contrast that with the United States. You could see our total pipeline is down 1%. 
And I think if you look at the U.S. and Europe by comparison, we're just much earlier in reacting to COVID-19. And I think given the uncertainty about what the path is out of this, I think people are confident it will get behind us ultimately, and we'll get back to a different place. But how long it takes, how the lenders respond, what happens with the supply chain, all of those questions are still very much unanswered, I think, in the United States.

Well, I think the -- a couple of things to keep in mind here. One is that, by and large, just as it's too early to answer questions about exactly what the shape of the recovery looks like in the United States, it's too early to kill projects in the United States. So what we are not seeing, on the bright side, folks say we've abandoned this project and decided not to do it. I think on the other hand, if you're not financed, you don't have your debt financing or if you don't have all your equity raised for a project even if you've been working on it for a number of quarters or maybe a year or 2, you're probably not able to complete those financing challenges as well as you would have been before COVID-19, to state the obvious. And even if the financing is done, if construction hasn't already started, it well might be that you're sitting there saying, "Well, let's watch it here now that -- over the next number of months and see what happens." 
We have told you before that, in April, I think, we canceled our hotel development committee meetings and process in the United States. It seemed to be a, what -- inappropriate may be the wrong word, but an odd a time, I suppose, to be bringing in deals that we couldn't really underwrite in a way to know that they were the kind of high probability we would want in order to add to the pipeline. And to some extent, our partners couldn't really evaluate them in the same way. And so I think this is a place we watch. 
Now the -- I think as recovery builds, as we collectively get more confidence about COVID-19 starting to move behind us, and we can obviously talk more about that in this call, I think we'll see folks who see long-term projects that still make sense, enhanced probably by reduction in costs associated with construction costs and other development efforts. And we'll probably start to move forward, but it's going to take a while for that clarity to reach the pipeline.

Yes. So why don't I take that -- the latter part first, and then, Leeny, why don't you jump in with the G&A and other spending. We were curious to go back and take a look at leisure in the fall versus in the summer because I think a lot of us have a little more caution around the corporate traveler than we do around the leisure traveler based on the first few months of recovery here. And somewhat gratifying, we see that leisure travel is only about 5 points lower in terms of total hotel mix in September and October than it is in the summer, going from 35% or 36% to 32%, something like that. And what that tells you is leisure may continue to be a pretty significant source of recovery even as we get past Labor Day and into the fall. 
I think the corporate traveler has been interesting, too. We have watched segments over the course of the quarter. All of us in the industry, including Marriott, have talked about leisure being the strongest. But interestingly, special corporate is probably up 5 points in terms of RevPAR decline year-over-year in the last 2 months, just sort of looking at weekly numbers. 
Our guess is that, that is driven by business travel in -- what, in the Midwest more, in smaller companies, more than bigger companies, in aspects of business which are less probably dependent on flying. There is still frustration to me that when we too often see big, big companies, they're making decisions about keeping offices closed for as much as the next year, frustrating to us because, in a sense, that's just sort of withdrawing from the economy. And while all of us need to make decisions that protect our people and make sure that we're not putting people out in risky environments before it's ready, there is absolutely no reason for us to be making decisions about what offices look like or what travel looks like in the second quarter of 2021, for example. 
In any event, I think the way of putting this is that so far in the recovery, every segment has gotten better every month, albeit with leisure and drive-to being the strongest. We see government business up modestly. We see special corporate business up modestly. We basically see that folks are increasingly willing to step out and travel a bit more. 
So with that, Leeny, maybe you want to take the G&A question.

It's a fair question. The -- I guess on some level, I'm -- it depends whether you're thinking about the virus or you're thinking about lodging recovery, travel recovery. I am no more optimistic about the virus than I was a month ago, and that's what caused me a month ago or so to say I'm less optimistic than I was a month before that. I am, however, more optimistic about the recovery of travel and the recovery of our business. 
And I think if you read the news every day, which we all do, it's sort of obvious why that's the case. The virus numbers are frustratingly high, particularly in the United States, and they remain high. And it is hard to look across the country and see the kind of, what, strategy that we'd like to see to have confidence that we can put this thing behind us sooner rather than later. 
Why am I more optimistic about our business? Well, I think if you look at the July numbers as a whole, and we've put some of those in the press release as well as the prepared script, it shows a gratifying resilience of American travelers, American consumers, notwithstanding the high virus numbers, to get back up. And so 1st of July, this virus resurges a little bit. We, of course, immediately have July 4 weekend, which is positive because of its leisure-intensive travel aspect. And we see a little bit of a pause maybe in the days after July 4. But as the month continues, we go back to trend essentially and see occupancy build in each week by 1 point or 1.5 points compared to the prior week. And we end up with July being about 5 points better than June in the U.S. occupancy context. 
And so that tells, I think, us that notwithstanding the frustration around the virus numbers, the American traveler and consumer and I think, increasingly, the business traveler, too, will say, "You know what, we got to get back and live our life. I got to get back -- I'd like to get back to work. I maybe can't get back to the office depending on where I go to the office." Many of you are in New York, which, of course, has got its own unique set of skills. And I'd just remind all of you, don't assume the United States as a whole has got the same dynamic working as New York does. 
New York is less dependent on people driving to work. It is much more concentrated in terms of elevator traffic and the like. It's obviously had high virus numbers, particularly early in the crisis. You get to much of the rest of the country and people still commute to work by car. They tend to work in smaller buildings with less challenge in terms of being able to be there safely. And I think they're more inclined to be stepping back to work and stepping back towards normal life. So that's what makes me more optimistic than I was a month ago.

About the same, I think. I think it is highly likely that we will see. And a bunch of these new projects take longer to get to opening than we thought before COVID-19. I -- we mentioned this in one of the earlier questions. I think it's still hard to predict with certainty how much longer those things are going to take, but I think we'd be foolish to think that these projects are going to open as quickly as they would have before. 
We will have some increasing opportunities to offset that in the conversion space. And we've got conversations that are up in the conversion space. I would say there, too, it's a little early for conversions to actually start moving. When you look at prior economic cycles, conversion volume tends to step up in weaker environments, but it tends to step up with transactions stepping up. And by and large, while there are increasing number of hotels that are out there under some pressure, we haven't seen many transactions take place yet. And I think as we do, we'll see our conversion adds step up as well.

Yes. So looking at the U.S. for a second, and let's make sure we don't oversell this. I want to make sure I get my data. So I mentioned that special corporate is up 5 points in the last 8 weeks. But when you look at RevPAR for special corporate, it's gone from minus 85% 8 weeks ago to minus 79% last week. 
So you're still at numbers which are monumentally negative. And by comparison, if you look at retail, for example, which is where a lot of leisure is going to land, some corporate will land there too, it's obviously the sort of rack rate business, we've seen a 15-point improvement compared to that 5-point improvement in special corporate. And the RevPAR associated with it is down 57% compared to the down 79% for special corporate. 
So there is improvement, to be sure. And it's measurable essentially week by week, and we would expect it to continue. But we would expect corporate to be slower in recovery than leisure has been so far and probably slower to recover in the fall, depending, of course, on the shape of the virus. 
I'm struck always -- we've got a -- we live in Washington, D.C. area, where we're headquartered, obviously. And I've got 3 kids who live in New York. I've got one that lives in Washington. We have a place on the Chesapeake Bay, where we have spent significant portions of the pandemic. And it's interesting to see the different rhythms. So out in the county seat, out here where you've got lots of small businesses that are operating, they're all back to work. You can see their surface parking lots are, by and large, as busy as they've ever been before. 
And the more you get into the central Washington, the more you see quiet. And I think that is a function both of some restrictions locally, but I think it is a function of you get greater conservatism, you get greater reliance on public transportation or other higher risk tools, I suppose, than you do in the smaller markets and the smaller cities. And as a consequence, I think we'll see business travel steadily continue to improve. 
I would think, absent some unanticipated thing with the virus or some calendar event, we'll see that -- not just leisure, but we'll see that business travel improves every week as we go through the fall. But it will be a little bit slower coming back. And it's going to be slowest in the places where the population concentration is highest and where the companies are most conservative.

Leeny, you want to take that?

So the -- I think it's perfectly put, Leeny. The -- it's a bottom line. I would guess very, very, very few of our hotels around the world will not reopen if they're closed now or fail so profoundly that they close permanently. 
Now in a portfolio of 7,500 hotels or 8,000 hotels, even before COVID-19 hits, there are a handful, maybe a couple of handfuls of hotels where profitability is not sufficient for the long-term viability of those hotels. And they're the ones, not surprisingly, that Leeny and team are working with first in this crisis because they were in trouble before. And when they're in trouble before and you end up with something like this, that's a double whammy. 
I actually think that the EDITION Times Square is not the poster child for this. It's a brand-new hotel. It's a beautiful hotel. I'm optimistic actually that, that hotel will open and will be fine. But there are hotels in New York City that were not making money before COVID-19 hit. And some of those closed and some of them may not reopen because the cost burdens, whether that be labor costs or property taxes or the like, mean that they're -- the owners will not be able to look at them and say, "I can see a path towards profitability that I need to have in order to justify this." 
But I think those circumstances are globally and in terms of number of hotels or number of rooms, very, very unusual. And I think over time, while the owners are broadly under significant pressure, we've got to make sure that we continue to work with them to build back profitability, that the best use for this portfolio of assets -- real estate assets will be as hotels and that they will open and be open for the long term.

Those are good questions. The last one, I don't think we've got data that tells us much yet. We've obviously got many business travelers particularly who are not back on the road yet, who are relying on remote work and/or technology tools in order to continue to work from home and to avoid travel. 
I think the statements that you hear from folks frequently that we'll never go back to the office or we'll never go back to travel, I would take with a huge grain of salt. We've heard similar comments in each of the last 3 crises that we've been through, starting in the early '90s. Obviously, the technology has gotten better and better. But in 2001 and '02 and 2008 and '09, we heard the same theme, which is we don't need to go back to travel the way we've done before. 
A difference, to be sure, this time is the remote work kind of context. But you've all got a perspective about this. And I think what we've heard over the last month or so particularly is an increasing level of frustration about remote work, maybe particularly for folks who are relatively earlier in their career for whom training and networking and pursuit of opportunities depends much more on being present with somebody. 
But I think even for others, we have gotten to the point of after 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 months saying this is not -- it's not as good. We can't maintain our culture. We can't bring on new people. We can't train people. We can't invest in the kind of relationships we need to have with our business partners and with our customers. And I think increasingly, we will see folks say, "We've got to get back out there and get back at it." 
And I do think there will be some more flexibility on whether we all go to the office every day when we're not traveling. And we'll see people that can sort of further mix, to some extent, work and leisure. I think there's a piece of that which will be good for us. So imagine that a year from now or 2 years from now, that week in Florida or week in the Caribbean which would have been 100% vacation and I could only do it once a year, I might be able to do twice a year now because I can go down there for a week and I can do a couple of days of work, concentrated or spread out over the work -- over the week and have my vacation. And to some extent, I think that blending of leisure and business could actually be an aid as much as a threat to travel. All things considered, we would say that we will build back and see the kind of levels of travel demand that we've had in the past.

So I think the most clear trend -- clearest trend which is obvious is that folks that had near-term group business deferred more than canceled, but basically put off those meetings. I think most of our group customers want to have those meetings, and so that's why they deferred instead of canceled. And of course, we've been interested in having them defer as opposed to cancel because we just see that business show up ultimately. 
And most of those folks are folks who are engaged in hosting those meetings, and they believe those meetings are valuable and want ultimately to have them. I think at the same time, we have seen new bookings for future periods be less robust than they would have been before because if they're not already committed to that meeting, they are probably a little less likely to commit until they've got some greater clarity about what the future looks like. What that means is that, so far, we've seen business on the books for 2021 not really canceling big numbers. We've seen group business on the books for 2020 cancel significantly, and I suspect we'll continue to see cancellations for business that has not been canceled yet -- or deferred yet, is the better word to use, for latter parts of 2020, probably continue to cancel until we get some greater confidence around the virus. And ultimately, when we get to the point where it looks like group meetings can be had safely, we will see both less deferral of business already on the books and we'll see new business come in. 
I'd give you 1 statistic. I think group business on the books for 2021 compared to what would have been on the books in 2020 a year ago is about down 10%. I think in some respects, we're likely to see the first part -- the first half of next year be meaningfully worse than the second half of next year in terms of group. But that is based on a guess on where the virus is and where the vaccines are. And obviously, the more the virus recedes into the background and the more confidence or availability we get in the vaccine, the more we'll see this group business start to build back.

So 3 things on HVMI, which are consistent with -- Homes & Villas by Marriott International, I should say, not use our internal lingo too much and expect you all to know it. But our home sharing business has been benefited by 3 trends, all of which we've talked about, leisure, drive -- well, 2 of them we've talked about. Leisure, drive-to, both advantages, and whole home is an advantage. 
So what people are drawn to in terms of home sharing particularly in a COVID-19 environment is do you have a place where I can take everybody and where we can be on our own? I don't want a separate bedroom. I don't really want an apartment that somebody lives in regularly. I don't want the old style home sharing because I can't be certain about the cleanliness or comfort of that. But if you can give me a vacation home on the beach or in New England or someplace I can drive to, then I know that I can control my environment, I can control my transportation and it suits my purpose because it's a leisure trip anyway. And so generally, that has been a positive thing, although, to state the obvious, it is a very small part of our business.

So all good questions. And Leeny, you should jump in here because you've got some good data, I think, that will be really helpful. I mean we are working with our owners to make sure that we do everything we can to get back to the kinds of margins they had before, if not better. 
The only caution here is rate and revenue are important. And so the longer it takes us to get back to the kind of RevPAR levels we had in 2019, the more pressure that's going to be on that. And we would want to make sure we're focused not only on the cost elements, but that we are really focused on driving revenue because that's an easier way to get back our margins in many respects. 
I think on the operating cost side, which is where your question focuses, I think there will be a couple of things that could be sticky. I think one is probably more digital check-in. Key -- contactless keys and the like, I think, will be adopted more during COVID-19 and could be helpful longer term. I think housekeeping protocols could be interesting. I mean I think we'll see that there is -- certainly during COVID-19, less intensive or less housekeeping period during a guest stay than between guest stays that protects both the guests and associates. 
We have frustratingly seen a couple of cities move in the opposite direction, certainly at the behest of unions to try and bring jobs back, but essentially to say that notwithstanding COVID-19, every room should be cleaned every day. And that should be done as a matter of municipal policy requirement. And in many respects, the consequences of that, I think, is we'll see hotels that reopen slower in those markets and we'll see the jobs, as a consequence, come back slower and at lower numbers than would have been the case without that. But we'll be looking at not just housekeeping and then check-in, but we'll be looking at food and beverage and other things to try and make sure that we do what we can to bring back the margins so that our owners can be healthy, which is in the long-term interest, obviously, not just of them but of us.

Well, I mean, a little bit depends on what you're comparing to, obviously. The -- we ought to see improving profitability for owners, we ought to see improving profitability, improving earnings, improving EBITDA from Marriott every month and every quarter from this point going forward. Now that's not saying much, obviously, given the absolute numbers we reported this morning. But with a fairly high level of confidence, you can't say with certainty obviously, but with a fairly high level of confidence, the second quarter of 2020 should be the worst quarter we have ever seen by far forever, and things will get better from here. 
I think as it relates more towards what I think your question was focused at, we have or in the process of nearing completion of, I suppose, the re-baselining of our business. And by our business, I think, I mean to include hotels that we manage for others, what our franchisees are doing, but what Marriott is doing also. As you all know, we manage a big portfolio of hotels. We manage more hotels in the luxury and full-service space than any other company in the world. 
And in the managed context, of course, we provide services from above property. Sometimes, they're shared services in a given market. Sometimes, they're localized by country. Sometimes, they're global services. Think about the reservations platform, for example. And the costs of those are paid for by the hotels which are supported by those services. And we've obviously got our own G&A spending that we do to provide support for our brands and to provide management of the company and to do all the other things we need to do to manage our business for ourselves as well. 
But in both of those contexts, as Leeny talked about, we are moving towards about a 25% reduction in the gross level of spending between both categories combined. And that's the new base from which we'll build. And we will do our best, of course, over time, to build from that base only at the kind of rates we would have built on the preexisting base in the past and are hopeful that we will see RevPAR and fee growth for Marriott and EBITDA growth for our hotel owners grow at a faster pace than the pace at which we're growing costs. And that could well be the case for a number of years.

I think that's fair.

Yes. There's a lot -- there are a lot of good questions in that. I appreciate that very much. The -- I would say generally that China is coming back in all segments, leisure, business transient and group. You can point at different markets and reach different conclusions. So we've got probably 20 to 25 hotels opening in Sanya, Hainan Island, which you can think about as China's Florida. They are doing extraordinarily well, and they are going to be mostly leisure and some group. 
On the other hand, part of our Greater China numbers are Macau. Macau is a leisure market. And by and large, Macau is not reopened, and so that sort of pulls those numbers back a little bit. 
I think when you look at Shanghai, you look at Guangzhou and surrounding areas, which are much more business travel dependent, I think, generally, you see fairly strong -- very strong recovery certainly from their lows. Remember, in February, our occupancy numbers in China were sub 10%, I think 9% and change, and we're now running about 60%. So you could see a substantial move. 
And I mentioned the Beijing context. In Beijing, I think they had, I don't know, a couple of dozen cases, and they ended up testing 1 million people for COVID-19 in 30 days or something like that and managed to get sort of COVID back under control. 
The only other thing I think we could say about China, and this is maybe odd given the kind of political dialogue that is taking place -- or political events that are taking place, maybe not that much dialogue, is that China and the U.S. are quite similar in the travel sense. Demand is overwhelmingly domestic. U.S., 95% domestic; China, we have the number of 80% being domestic but I actually think the number is probably higher than that. 
China is not a big leisure market for the rest of the world. People -- some adventurous travelers go to China to see -- to take their vacations, but by and large, the international travel is business travel. And overwhelmingly, the shift has been towards domestic travel. 
I think you're right to say that some of that recovery is probably Chinese travel that would have gone abroad, maybe to Asia Pacific or to someplace else, and has stayed home in China this year. We're certainly seeing the same dynamic in the United States. Nobody's going to Europe, and they're more likely to take their vacations here.

Yes. That's a good question. I think the -- generally, what we see in China bodes well for what we should expect in the United States. And there are differences, obviously, but the domestic predominance is similar. So there's really not that much dependence on long-haul air travel, for example. Probably not that much difference on regional air travel. Obviously, China has got a big aviation business. And those planes are back flying, and they're back flying at bigger numbers than they are in the U.S. But remember, China is 2 or 3 months ahead of the U.S. in the COVID-19 recovery. 
I think the resilience of the American consumer is second to none, and I think we see that already. And that sort of is what causes us to be a little bit more optimistic today than 3 or 4 weeks ago in terms of the way the business may recover in the States. I think all of that is either similar or maybe even better. 
I think the negative is we do have more group business in the United States than we do in China. We as an industry and we as Marriott both, we are -- whether that be association business or corporate business, the meetings side has been a more established part of business for many, many years. But at the same time, I think there are other compensating factors. I think that we spend more money on leisure travel in the U.S. than China does. I'm guessing they're a little bit. Net-net, I would think the recoveries generally ought to look about the same, subject to the recovery of society from COVID-19 and subject to the strength of the economy generally.

You should actually shelf the last 2 questions, which is how does GDP look in the U.S. compared to China when you get through COVID-19 and how does the COVID recovery curve look like in the United States compared to China. Sorry, Leeny, if you were going to jump in.

I'm doing great. Thank you. Appreciate that.

Yes. I guess the short answer is no. I mean I think the -- we will see these projects overwhelmingly become reality is our guess. I mean the -- certainly, when you look at 2008 and '09, when you look at 2001 or '02, even projects that we thought were dead often came back. And of course, most were never -- we never thought of as being dead, we thought of as being slowed because of financing or construction. 
While the depth of RevPAR decline is more significant this time, it is particularly tied to one reason. That reason will ultimately get behind us. And I would guess that, overwhelmingly, these projects move forward again. Whether they move forward to see a bounce back in 2021 or whether it takes us a little bit longer than that, that's the question that's hard to answer. And I think that's going to depend on COVID-19 and I think it's going to depend on the financial markets.

We are -- and Leeny, you should jump in on this. But I think we are generally empowered to manage our own liquidity and financial resources. We're probably putting less money -- less key money than we've done in the past years for the projects that we are signing today. I think when we get to the conversion market, in some respects -- and maybe this is a little bit of wishful thinking, but in some respects, the relative value that is achieved by joining a portfolio like ours in a weaker market is more obvious, and therefore, the need for key money is less powerful than it would be in a stronger environment where everybody is performing fine. Now whether we can turn that into actual terms of deals that are signed obviously depends on our dealmakers and the way they negotiate those deals. 
Leeny, you want to add anything to add?

Still very short term. And it shouldn't surprise you because although the occupancy numbers improved -- have improved, we've still got a pretty general availability across the portfolio.

We are no more hesitant to take on managed than we were before, particularly in the luxury and full-service space. But I think the question really has to be assessed from a global perspective. And I think given the relatively greater strength of Asia Pacific and our year-to-date adds to the pipeline, if anything, we might skew just a tad more managed than franchise. But if you look at it like-to-like, our new unit growth in the United States, that's going to tend to be select service, which is going to tend to be overwhelmingly franchise, and obviously, those numbers are down.

You're going to test -- maybe, Leeny, you can do this. But you're testing my knowledge here. I think it's relatively easy to see RevPAR getting back to 2020 -- 2019 levels in 2021 in China just based on the strength of the recovery so far. I can't tell you the split between ADR and occupancy.

All right. Well, I'd just say thank you, everybody. We appreciate your interest and your time. And of course, look forward to welcoming you back to our hotels just as soon as you feel comfortable getting on the road, which we hope is very soon.