Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2020 conference call. Joining me today are Leeny Oberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jackie Burka McConagha, our Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Vice President, Investor Relations.  
I want to remind everyone that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our comments. Statements in our comments and the press release we issued earlier today are effective only today and will not be updated as actual events unfold.  
Please also note that, unless otherwise stated, our RevPAR and occupancy comments reflect system-wide constant currency year-over-year changes for comparable hotels and include hotels temporarily closed due to COVID-19. You can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures referred to in our remarks today on our Investor Relations website.  
Before I talk about the quarter, I want to again thank our incredible team of associates around the world who continue to work tirelessly and show true resilience during these challenging times. The power of the Marriott culture has never been more evident, and I am incredibly grateful. I hope everyone joining us today is staying safe and well.  
While COVID-19 is still significantly impacting our business, our third quarter results showed meaningful improvement versus the second quarter. Third quarter worldwide RevPAR declined 66%, almost 19 percentage points better than last quarter's decline. Globally, 94% of our hotels are now open, with 97% open in North America.  
Our worldwide occupancy levels improved each month during the quarter and continued to close the gap to last year's. We saw a steady climb in demand through August, and then the rate of improvement began to plateau towards the end of the quarter in most regions. However, we are pleased with the overall progress we have made since the trough in April.  
In September, our global occupancy reached just over 37%, an improvement of 25 percentage points from April's 12%. Worldwide RevPAR in September declined 64% versus September of last year, over 25 percentage points better than the year-over-year decline in April.  
The recovery trajectories have differed greatly by region. The recovery in Greater China, especially in Mainland China, has been the strongest. Results have improved meaningfully since February, demonstrating the resiliency of travel when the virus is perceived to be firmly under control.  
Occupancy in Mainland China reached 67% in September, a bit ahead of occupancy in September of last year, and extraordinary improvement from 9% occupancy in February. In 2019, around 75% of room nights in Mainland China were sourced from domestic markets -- domestic guests, excuse me. Even with strict travel entry requirements, limiting visitors from outside the mainland, demand has rebounded strongly across all segments.  
Leisure transient bookings in the third quarter were over 25% ahead of last year's bookings, helped by domestic travelers taking more trips inside the country. Business transient and group bookings have strengthened each month since February solely from domestic meetings and events, but are still lagging a bit compared to last year.  
Hong Kong and Macau, which are reliant on visitors from the mainland, are recovering more slowly as travel restrictions are easing. But cumbersome entry procedures are still inhibiting demand.  
Demand in the rest of the Asia Pacific has also continued to improve, but generally at a much slower pace. Countries are in various stages of reopening, with many still imposing strict travel restrictions. Japan, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea and the Philippines continue to drive performance, helped by quarantine business for travelers entering those countries.  
In North America, where 95% of room nights in 2019 were sourced from domestic travelers, results in the third quarter were also meaningfully better than the second quarter, though the rate of improvement did slow in September. Third quarter RevPAR declined 65% versus the third quarter of last year, with occupancy reaching 37%.  
During the quarter, all chain scales continued to show improvement versus the second quarter, although there were still large variations among hotels and markets. Drive-to leisure demand continue to lead the recovery, particularly for extended stay and resort hotels and for properties in secondary and tertiary markets. Business transient and group bookings in the quarter picked up modestly versus the second quarter, but still remains significantly lower versus last year.  
The improvement in demand in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and the Caribbean and Latin America, or CALA, has been -- has also been slower than in North America and China. In the last few weeks, rising numbers of cases in many countries in Europe and CALA have led governments to reimpose or extend lockdowns, travel restrictions and social distancing regulations. These measures discourage international travelers who made up about 40% of Europe's room nights and about 60% of CALA's room nights in 2019.  
Compared to CALA and Europe, demand trends have been a bit better in the Middle East and Africa, where international guests have historically made up around 50% of room nights. Certain resort properties in Turkey, the UAE and Qatar were particularly strong in the quarter. Currently, 20% of hotels are closed in CALA, 26% of hotels are closed in Europe and 9% are closed in the Middle East and Africa.  
Globally, the plateauing of demand that we saw towards the end of the third quarter has generally continued in the first few weeks of the fourth quarter. Occupancy levels in most regions have remained relatively in line to slightly better versus September levels, which were marginally ahead of occupancy levels in August. Booking windows remain very short, and visibility is still limited. Nonetheless, we do expect an easier year-over-year RevPAR comparison in the fourth quarter given our historical seasonality.  
We usually see a substantial step down in occupancy around the world in November and December as compared to September and October due to the holidays and relatively less business travel. In 2019, global occupancy was around 5 percentage points lower in November than October, and then December occupancy was another 8 percentage points lower than November.  
This year, with the leisure segment showing the strongest demand, we could see occupancy levels throughout the fourth quarter remain relatively flat September and October. As a result, year-over-year RevPAR comparisons could look better in the fourth quarter than they did in the third.  
Of course, as we have seen to date, results vary greatly by region and can change quickly, and the recent virus resurgences in numerous countries could have a dampening effect on demand. 
We know the road to recovery is going to take some time. However, we have been very pleased with the progress we are making across a number of key operational and financial areas. One of the biggest operational adjustments has been our heightened cleanliness standards. The health and safety of our associates and guests remain a top priority. 
Throughout the pandemic, we have adjusted our protocols to elevate our cleanliness guidelines and tools, and every property across our portfolio is now required to complete a monthly commitment to clean certification.  
By increasingly leveraging contactless technologies, such as mobile and web check-in, mobile key and mobile chat, we are reimagining the guest stay experience, while also amplifying operational efficiencies. 
We also continue to roll out innovative, targeted phased-in marketing strategies. Our messaging emphasizes our heightened cleaning guidelines and safety measures, while appealing to evolving consumer sentiment and travel intent.  
Many of our recent creative offerings, such as Fall for Travel and our October Week of Wonders, have been very successful in sparking leisure demand. And at the end of October, we announced our new work-from-anywhere packages, which are designed to capture additional revenue driven by the remote work trend.
Our award-winning loyalty program underpins all of our marketing strategies, and we remain focused on engaging with our 145 million Marriott Bonvoy members, including those who are not yet ready for a hotel stay.  
We have also been highlighting nonhotel stay experiences, such as Eat Around Town and Homes & Villas by Marriott International. And in collaboration with American Express and Chase, we have been offering numerous grocery and retail spending accelerators and limited-time offers on our co-branded credit cards. 
The increased demand amongst our Bonvoy members for our Homes & Villas whole home rentals during the pandemic and a much more modest decline in Chase and Amex Bonvoy card spend compared to the decline in RevPAR are great indicators of the value of the Bonvoy program to our customers.  
Another key constituency is our owner and franchisee community. We have had an unprecedented level of engagement with them this year, including weekly webinars in many regions and more frequent interactions with our owner advisory committees. We are deeply committed to working closely together to manage through these challenging times. We remain focused on reducing their costs as much as possible in this environment, as Leeny will discuss during her remarks.
On the development front, we now anticipate net rooms growth of 2.5% to 3% in 2020, the high end of our expectation from a quarter ago, reflecting strong openings in the third quarter. This takes into account 1.5% to 2% deletions, which is around 50 basis points higher than we estimated in February, primarily due to certain hotels that were already struggling entering 2020, deciding to close permanently due to COVID-19.  
Given the current fluid environment, we have more uncertainty than usual on opening dates for many hotels nearing completion, but the good news is that 46% of our almost 500,000-room pipeline is currently under construction, with rooms under construction up 6.5% from a year ago. Although sign-ins are not as strong as in 2019, they are quite solid considering the extraordinary impact of COVID-19 on our industry. 
We believe that many of the rooms that do not open in 2020 as a result of COVID-19 will now likely open in 2021. The pace of openings will likely vary depending on the recovery of lodging demand in specific markets, with heightened uncertainties in markets where airlift is key.  
We are also encouraged by the increasing number of conversations we are having around conversions. We remain keenly focused on conversion opportunities that are accretive from both a brand and a financial value perspective.  
Assuming progress is made in containing the virus, we would expect our gross room additions to accelerate next year compared to our expectations for 2020. We are in the middle of developing our 2021 budget, so it is too soon to give a definitive outlook for rooms deletions for the coming year. It is worth noting that the potential 2021 exit of the 89 hotels owned by Service Properties Trust, which are almost all limited service properties, would create a short-term headwind of roughly 1% to net rooms growth, but we are confident in our ability to replace many of those first-generation limited service hotels with brand-new updated products.  
Finally, as Leeny will discuss in a moment, we have made significant strides in shoring up our financial position to weather the crisis. While the recovery is going to take longer than anyone would like, we are seeing encouraging signs that demand can be extremely resilient. 
With the steps we have taken for our customers and owners, the power of Marriott Bonvoy, our strengthened liquidity position and our incredible team of associates around the world, I am confident that we are very well positioned now and for the future.  
And now I'll turn the call over to Leeny Oberg, our CFO.

All right. Well, there's a lot in that, and let me start maybe by saying it's still a little early, obviously. There's a lot of uncertainty out there because of the pandemic.  
I think we were pleased to see in Q3 the increase in openings again compared to Q2. I think in Q2, to some extent, even as projects were ready to reopen, either restrictions precluded it or the total lack of business precluded it or just the uncertainty in the environment precluded it. And so to get to about 19,000 rooms opening in Q3, I think, is a sign that at least for projects that are under construction and nearing completion, those will open.  
And I think that -- that's what gives us the most optimism about not just Q4, but looking into 2021 that we should see -- obviously, all of this depends on the virus, but that we should see these projects that are under construction open as scheduled, if you will, over the course of the next  couple of years, something like that, but very much including 2021. 
The deletion side of the equation is harder. And of course, there's an offsetting potential upside, which is conversions. Both depend a little bit on what happens with properties that are under trouble and what happens with change in ownership or change in capital structure for existing hotels.  
Some of what we've lost year-to-date are, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, hotels that entered the COVID-19 pandemic already under financial pressure and simply did not make sense to reopen or certainly not to reopen under their current positioning, and I suspect we'll see some of that next year. Besides SVC, I don't -- we don't have a number for it yet. We're obviously just in the process of trying to build our budget. Our teams are dealing with owners all around the world.  
I think, by and large, on the positive side, conversions into our system and on the negative side, deletions from our system will become clearer as ownership of hotels change hands or as the new capital stacks are put in place, and I suspect that will begin to occur more in 2021 than it is doing right now.

Yes. SVC is very unusual. I mean, the -- those portfolios were initially put in place with HPT 20 years ago, maybe 25 years ago, something like that, and they were initially a lease structure or a lease-like structure. They've evolved since to be sort of a management structure, but with a capped guarantee. 
That structure was redone with SVC earlier this year. We were quite optimistic that, actually, it was done in a way that would bode well for long term, including getting substantial additional new capital into those assets to bring them up to standard. And of course, the pandemic had profound impact to that.  
We are in discussions with SVC today about the possibility of renewing that. I think the -- based on what we heard, including as recently as yesterday from that team, they seem to be hardwired to make those hotels Sonestas. We, of course, don't know exactly how Sonesta would perform. But looking at the ROI from assets that have Sonesta flag versus ours, it looks like that ROI is roughly half. And it's a little bit surprising to us that the separate stockholder and debt holder interest in SVC could be furthered by converting those to Sonesta's brand as opposed to the dramatically stronger brands that are on those hotels today.  
But again, that seems to be the direction they're heading, and so our expectations would be that those hotels would leave the system. We do not think there is anything comparable to that. That remains in the system.

Yes. It's a fair question. And I think, generally, we would say that everything in that pipeline has gotten extended by at least a few months. Undoubtedly, that's a little bit of an overstatement, but when we deal with -- think about the end of the first quarter and the second quarter of this year with business sort of functionally disappearing in many markets around the world, including restrictions on lots of activity that has happened in those markets, the uncertainty and those restrictions certainly caused many, many, many projects to slow down, even if they were already under construction.  
And so I think it's a fair point to say that if in January of 2020, we targeted a June of 2021 opening, that opening could well have slipped by a few months. We do have a team that is out there working with our development partners and trying to make sure they understand what is under construction and what the status of that construction and what the forecast of opening is for obvious reasons.  
I think, on the very positive side here, the 45% or so of the rooms that are in the pipeline that are under construction, 230,000 rooms roughly, we can all have an extraordinarily high level of confidence that those hotels are going to open. 
I think you get beyond that to the hotels that are not under construction yet, and I think we're going to have to watch that. I think they are real projects. They're -- in many respects, the land is owned and controlled. They've been designed. They've been approved by us and by our partners. We have signed contracts for the overwhelming majority of them. But if construction hasn't started, each one of those partners is going to make a decision about what do I get for building in a weaker environment, which I might save something on construction costs, and what do I potentially lose in committing myself to a project that may open in a market that is harder for me to predict and underwrite today. 
Our experience from prior crises is that most of the projects which are not under construction, overwhelmingly, will ultimately open, but the delay in those openings could be not just some quarters, but some years, particularly for the higher-end luxury or full-service projects that may take some time to get financed to get underway.  
So on balance, I think we would say we can have a reasonably high level of confidence that the gross openings will step up next year. Again, this is based on reasonable assumptions on what happens with COVID-19. But it's a little bit too soon for us to give you really precise numbers about it.

Good question, Robin. The -- I think what we want to do is have as many of the savings as we've been able to find and implement, be it long lasting, to state the obvious. I think there are some, and your question illustrates a few of them. 
I mean, food and beverage service, I think, would be one that's on the top of my list, maybe even before a doorman. We have in -- particularly in the markets in which demand is the weakest, we have fairly limited, sometimes dramatically limited food and beverage service, and that's not going to be satisfactory to most guests when we get back to a normal demand environment.  
Guests can be quite sympathetic and empathetic during a tough, tough time. But when we get back to something that feels a little bit more normal, they're going to expect the full services, particularly from a full-service hotel that they have come to anticipate.  
Having said that, I think we will see some things in keyless entry. I think we will see some things in the staffing models that we have been experimenting with. I think some of the above-property costs that have been cut, and Leeny can talk a little bit about that, we think will stick and stay for a while. I mean, our estimates today I think are -- we've probably reduced breakeven occupancy by 3 to 5 points, something like that, depending on the brand.  
At the end of the day, though, we've got to make sure that the guest is satisfied with the experience that they're getting. And you're right, it is going to vary a little bit from brand to brand and segment to segment. Obviously, the advantages, of course, on the higher-end segments is we'll see rate begin to move at some point up to, even as the cost move forward a little bit.  
Net-net, we'd expect that what we've done should deliver some long-lasting margin improvement. It's a little too soon to be able to tell you what that number will be.

Yes, and I don't have that number. I know that the team is talking -- having significantly more conversations around conversions than they've had in the past. The one quarter signings don't necessarily make a huge amount of difference. I'm aware of a few significant ones that are underway now, and the team of transactors that are working on them are hoping that they get down in the fourth quarter. Whether that happens or not, of course, is another question.  
We've gone back and looked at our conversions experience through the cycles. Obviously, we knew this is of interest not just to you, but to us as well. And you can see, even in the last 2 years before COVID, we had -- of our openings in 2019, 18% were conversions. But the year before, in 2018, it was 12%.  
And so you can see a little bit of the obvious fact here, which is even in a very similar economic environment, these things can be a little bit lumpy and a little bit hard to predict. We're in the teens for most of the last decade or so. And conversions as a percentage of our openings were highest coming out of the Great Recession, and they got -- '11 was higher than '10, '12 was higher than '11, '13 was higher than '12. And as a percentage, they peaked in '13, but the number of rooms we opened as conversions in 2014 was higher yet again.  
And so I -- again, this is what we said before, but we would expect conversion activity to increase certainly in terms of discussions. Starting now, we would expect that the more substantial increase in terms of actually opening into our system will depend a bit on the -- what the new ownership structures or financial structures for hotels that cause those folks to be able to look to the future and say, "I now know what I want to do with that hotel."

Yes. Our group business for next year is about -- down about 30%. It won't surprise you to know that the first quarter is the worst by far in terms of group business on the books. And as you get farther into the year, the decline is meaningfully less than that 30% number.  
What does that tell you? It tells you that folks are still optimistic about holding their meetings, that COVID-19 will allow them to hold their meetings as you get further into 2021. I think we are optimistic as are many that we could have a vaccine or 2 maybe approved by the end of this calendar year and could see it start to get broadly distributed by -- sometime in the first half, maybe it's the latter part of the first half, and sometime in the first half of 2021. And as that takes hold, we're optimistic that group business will come back.  
I think what we're seeing in group today, and I think you heard this from other companies in the industry, there is group business. Obviously, it's stronger in China, but come back to the United States for a second. The group business in hotels in the United States is not a lot like the group that I think we all first think of, which is corporate group and association business and the like. I think the group business we have today is much more likely to be health care workers or somehow connected with the COVID-19 pandemic itself or things that are more leisure-focused. That could be some athletic groups. It could be some larger family groups, that sort of thing, and the core corporate business is still pretty weak.  
I don't think you should read too much into the efforts we've made to manage our costs in the sales space. Obviously, those costs are borne by the system of hotels that are out there. We have got to make sure that we are managing those costs in a way that meets the level of reimbursement that can come in there. And we're doing our best to do that and to make sure we continue to call on the customers that we know are important to us and important to the recovery.  
We'd be optimistic. I think if COVID-19 goes the way we think that we will start to see this group business that's on the books hang tight and ultimately come to pass. And we'll start to see meaningfully more bookings when that -- when those vaccines start to take effect.

Conversions and development, you're talking about hotel development or back to credit cards in the Bonvoy program?

Yes, yes. Well, I think the -- we mentioned a bit of this in the prepared remarks, but the -- we've been actually quite pleased with the performance of the credit card portfolio during this crisis, and probably we're starting with that because you would wonder about how well that would do, an affinity card for travel in a market which there is very little travel. 
But what we've seen is that folks are still aspiring to travel, dreaming about travel, eager to get back on the road. And as a consequence, when we've -- with our credit card partners done things around grocery or done things around restaurants or around hardware, the card has performed extraordinarily well. And the Bonvoy membership, I think, has continued to engage with us in a way that's pretty powerful. 
I think if you go back to before the pandemic, what we saw was a continued increase year-over-year on the number of Bonvoy members as a percentage of the total business in our hotels. 
And one of the frustrating things we've talked about this quarter ago about the timing of this pandemic is as we got into the second half of 2019, particularly the Starwood integration work was behind us, the systems work was behind us, the new Bonvoy program was launched, and we could see, whether it was in RevPAR index or in loyalty penetration or other data we look at very carefully, really powerful momentum towards sort of proving the value of those programs. 
I don't have any doubt that we will get back to that. It will come back stronger, obviously, the sooner people get back on the road and know that travel is going to be a part of the way they live their lives. But when they do, they will find that they've got a credit card program. They'll find that they've got a broad portfolio of destinations to stay at, including the biggest portfolio of hotels around the world, clearly the strongest in the luxury and lifestyle and resort and urban space, plus other things like Eating Around Town and Homes & Villas and other things that we still are working on and hope to get launched before too long.

Leeny, do you want to take that?

No, I don't think so. I mean, I -- the -- obviously, we talked about occupancy being higher than it was a year ago, and so that's a really good sign. But beneath that total, you've got 2 things that are happening. 
One is that business transient travel and group travel is still a bit softer than it was last year. And the second is you've got the Chinese travel business that used to go abroad stay in home, which is driving those leisure numbers meaningfully higher. Remember, we had in February 9% occupancy in China, country entirely shut down. And even today, now, we have occasionally a flare-up in the market in which the Chinese government response is to essentially shut down that market and test everybody in the market for COVID-19. And they've managed, at least in 2 or 3 circumstances, to sort of nip that in the bud, if you will, and get those markets reopened and get going again. 
They have had an impact to us, probably less than 1 point or so on REVPAR, but a little bit of an impact as they roll forward. But it's just a reminder that even in China, where there's a much broader sense that COVID-19 is under control, it is not irrelevant yet. And until it becomes irrelevant, I suspect we will see a little bit of relative weakness in business transient and group, albeit they are dramatically stronger than what we're seeing in the United States, which, of course, would be the next strongest big market. You get to Europe and the rest of Asia Pacific, it's probably weaker yet.

Yes. And it is -- we are growing it. As we've talked about from the beginning, though, our effort here is a whole home product. And obviously, if you look at our urban markets in -- globally, but particularly in the United States, you would see that we've got tremendous hotel capacity and extraordinarily little demand in those markets. Partly that's because offices remain closed in too many of those markets. You don't have business transient travel. You may not have much leisure travel because people are more inclined to go to resort destinations or other destinations. 
So we will remain focused, I think, on whole home, warm weather, ski country, resort destinations. I am quite convinced that, that will continue to grow substantially, and it will be a nice complementary feature to the traditional hotel business for us.

It will be both. We have had conversations with some of our good partners about exactly what you're talking about, which is building new inventory, if you will, in some of those resort markets.

Well, I mean, I think there are 3 things. And obviously, the most urgent and most impactful will be what happens with COVID-19. Clearly, travel has plummeted because of the risks associated with it and the way those have impacted, either through formal restrictions or informal restrictions. Think about airline capacity, international travel, all of those sorts of things. That impact has been very profound. And we will have, I think, a meaningful step-up in group and business transient travel the moment that COVID-19 risk recedes from sort of the threatening horizon, if you will. 
I think once that happens, there are 2 other things that we're going to have to pay attention to. One is what's the state of the underlying economy. And as we've all watched for years and years and years, demand in our industry does correlate well with the strength of the economy. And my guess is we're going to see an economy which has got some lingering weakness because of small businesses being closed, many probably not able to reopen, relatively higher levels of unemployment around the world, a number of factors that it will take some time for us to work our way through. 
And then I think the third is what happens as a function of remote work, the digital tools we've all learned to use even more than we used before to meet with each other and stay connected in a time in which we can't be out. I mean, we can't even be in our offices, let alone traveling. And there, of course, you've got significant conversation about how much of that will impact long-term travel trends.  
That last piece, to some extent, is similar to the conversations we participated in during the Great Recession and even when the tech bubble burst in early 2001 and 9/11 followed and the travel recession we had then. And what generally we saw is that in the few years following, most of that group and most of that business transient travel comes back. Not all of it. If you look at 20 years' worth of mix for the industry and including for Marriott, we have seen a couple of points, maybe 2 or 3 points shift from business transient and group combined towards leisure. 
I suspect we'll continue to see that in the years ahead, as leisure remains probably a pretty powerful driver of demand. But we'll get through -- we'll see business transient move to -- the fact of the matter is people love to travel. They love to travel both for themselves personally, and they love to travel for work. It's often the most interesting and the place they're going to learn the most. And we'll see the lion's share of that come back, even if it's not every single night from every single company that we do business with. Did that answer your question, David?

Yes. I mean, I think -- I do spend a lot of time talking to our big customers, sometimes through the business roundtable, sometimes in other -- on one-on-one context. And I'd hesitate to speak for the corporate world globally, but I do think there is an increasing sense that, with each passing month, we lose a little bit more in terms of the connective tissue between our people in companies, in all sorts of different industries. And I think it's a consequence. 
And when you're talking about collaboration or innovation or strategic conversations, that maybe is most obvious that those are the things that are harder to do through a team's call or through some sort of digital tool. And so I think there is a sense that when we can safely do it, we should start to probably more significantly open offices and bring people back to work. 
That is made difficult by a resurgence of the virus today. I think we're talking about some days with over 100,000 new cases in the United States. And it's made difficult by the school situation, which, some markets, they're open. Some markets, they're closed. In many markets, they're hybrid. And employers are trying to work their way through that process. 
But I am hopeful that we will -- even before the vaccine is broadly distributed, we will start to see offices opened up with social distancing, with mask wearing and probably with reduced density, but starting to get to a place where it's at least a step towards a more normal environment. It has to be done safely, but I think it can be done safely because I don't think the office environment is a particularly risky one. I don't think it's probably as risky as the grocery store for that matter. We will start to see, I think, some positive impact in our business from that, too, and that could precede the vaccine.

Yes. So -- and I'm not sure you can even find out what we all do because we don't necessarily publish it. I think some of our -- some players in the industry are compensating their folks simply for adding units. Our compensation tools basically are to reward folks for units that deliver value. So an NPV calculation is a big part of our compensation scheme for the folks on our team that are out there helping us grow. 
We've also got our brand and operators that are involved in making sure that the products we bring on meet brand standards. And typically, that will come home to roost for a conversion in what does the property improvement plan look like for a pre-existing hotel in order to put one of our flags on it. And we want to make sure that -- obviously, we want to make sure we're growing. We're really interested only in growing if it's delivering value. We're about creating value. We're not about simply adding rooms that have no value. 
But we know long term that the reinforcing aspect of the power of growth depends on the strength of the brands. And so we've got to make sure that we are getting the kind of quality that represents the brand well. So all 3 of those things could be very much in the mix. And if we can't be satisfied that all 3 of those exist, we're not going to take that product.

Let me throw one thing in on this if I can. The -- what Leeny said is exactly right. There's obviously been a fair amount of conversation and policy circles about whether repurchasing stock is somehow a sign of a bad behavior by corporate America or by businesses around the world. 
And in the context of Marriott, we have been buying back stock for decades, 40 years, 45 years maybe, something like that. And it is because -- not because we are uninterested in growing our business or investing in the economy or in our people, but because the business produces cash. And in the fullness of time, we often find that we do not have attractive enough investments to use all of the capacity. And as a consequence, we believe it's our shareholders' money and should be returned to shareholders, either through dividends or share repurchases. 
And while Leeny's comments about let's take this one step at a time and see how the recovery and EBITDA comes back, and -- we'll continue to monitor this in terms of appropriate debt ratios and the like and the maturity ladder of the debt that we have, all of those things are extremely important. 
I do think we will get back fairly quickly back towards a place where we have excess financial resources that belong to our shareholders, and that through dividends and share repurchases, we will continue to get it back to them.

Our development team has already looked at that list, and they are obviously going to be focused on the markets where they are convinced hotels will make good economic sense. And we'll be talking to the appropriate partners in those markets to see whether or not we can add something there quickly. 
Now they will be new builds. So obviously, it -- and we are in a pandemic. So it's not like they won't be opening in the first quarter of 2021, but I suspect they'll move fairly quickly.

It's from independents as well.

All right. Well, thank you all very much for your time and attention this morning. I was thinking as the questions were asked by so many of you how much we miss you. It's great to hear your voices.

We hope you're all navigating through this time well. We obviously can't wait for so many reasons to see you in person again soon. And between now and then, we wish you nothing but the best. 
Obviously, if there are questions that we didn't get to this morning, feel free to call the team, and we'll be in touch to make sure you got the information you need to have. But thank you all. Be well.