Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. I'll start today's call by providing a review of the operational and financial highlights for the quarter. Steve will take you through several of the merchandising and marketing highlights, along with several of our key priorities. Then Kurt will provide additional detail regarding our financial results and outlook for the year. Following that, we will open the call up for questions. 
So overall, we achieved a strong second quarter. Our results were driven by a broad-based strength across all geographic regions as well as increases in both comparable average ticket and traffic, and all 4 merchandising divisions achieved positive comp sales in the quarter. 
Our second quarter results represent the fourth consecutive quarter of comp store sales above 3%. And during the quarter, the Tractor Supply team was very nimble across store operations, merchandising and planning, which allowed us to capitalize on the spring selling season as it arrived across all of our markets. 
At the same time, we were there for our customers, with our everyday basic assortments that we know our customers depend on from Tractor Supply to help them live the Out Here lifestyle. I believe that the macro backdrop for our consumer is relatively healthy, given recent trends in unemployment and consumer confidence. And for Tractor Supply, the macro headwinds we have experienced over the last several years have abated somewhat, and the team is in a position to capitalize on the current consumer trends. 
We are experiencing some benefits from the energy-related markets along with modest inflation, all of which are positively contributing to our top line performance. 
Now that we are halfway -- at the halfway mark for the year, we are raising our full year outlook given the strength in the first half. Looking ahead, we believe our merchandising and marketing initiatives, along with our ONETractor strategy, have us well positioned for the second half of the year. 
So let me touch on a few highlights for the second quarter as compared to the second quarter last year. Net sales increased 9.7% to $2.2 billion for the quarter as we continued our strategy to open new stores at both Tractor Supply and Petsense. Comparable store sales increased 5.6% in the second quarter with comp average ticket increasing 3.7% and transactions growing at plus 1.8% in the quarter. This quarter marks 40 out of 41 quarters that our customer traffic count has been positive. It also is the best average ticket increase we have had in the last 6 years. 
Diluted EPS was $1.69, an increase of 35%. Year-to-date, we have returned $324 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchase and cash dividends. And during the second quarter, we increased our dividend for the eighth consecutive year as we look to return cash to shareholders. This year, our board increased our quarterly dividend by 14.8%. And based upon our performance year-to-date, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.10 to $4.20, up from our previous guidance range of $3.95 to $4.15. 
Now let's take a look at several of the operational highlights of the quarter. We opened 25 new Tractor Supply stores and 3 Petsense locations, with 1 Petsense closure. All metrics of our customer satisfaction scores improved year-over-year. We continue to see strong growth in our Neighbor's Club loyalty program, now with over 8.7 million members as we are well on track to meet our goal of 10 million Neighbor's Club members by the end of this year. 
This quarter marks the 24th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business. And during the second quarter, we continued to experience exceptional growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store program, again exceeding our expectations. 
Between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to the stores, more than 70% of our e-commerce orders are being fulfilled at our stores, illustrating the importance of our store assets and their key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. Importantly, this is a very cost effective way to serve our customers with greater speed and efficiency. 
We believe that with our capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, mobile point of sale, Neighbor's Club and Stockyard ordering capabilities, we are uniquely positioned to serve this customer base better than anyone in this incredibly fragmented market. And we see opportunities to broaden our customer reach and increase our market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time. 
Our ONETractor strategy remains focused on 4 objectives: Driving profitable growth; building customer-centric engagement; offering the most relevant products and services; and finally, enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities. We are building solid momentum behind our ONETractor strategy to serve our customers any time, anywhere and any way they choose. We continue to believe this will drive our performance in the coming years. 
For 2018, we are on track to open 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 20 new Petsense store locations, and we continued to be pleased with our new store productivity and returns. I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us well to meet the unique preferences our customers have for demand-driven, immediate-need products in an easy and seamless shopping experience. We also believe that the continued convergence of our physical and digital storefronts and the updates to our in-store and online shopping experience are attractive, defensible and are resonating with our customers. 
Now before I turn the call over to Steve, I would like to make a few comments on the proposed China tariffs. Please keep in mind, we had a large segment of our business, such as our consumable, usable and edible products that would not be impacted at all. Depending on the product category, we would look to mitigate potential tariffs through a combination of alternative sources of supply or adjustment of our consumer pricing as appropriate. For 2018, we really do not see any material impact to our financial outlook for the proposed tariffs, but we will continue to watch this topic closely as negotiations continue. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.

Thank you, Kurt, and I'd like to express my appreciation to the more than 29,000 team members here at Tractor Supply and Petsense for their commitment to our mission and values as they focus on delivering a great customer experience every day to our Out Here lifestyle customers. 
We have a strong and growing business, which addresses a unique niche operated by an exceptional team of team members. And as a team, we are energized about our prospects as we go forward for the remainder of the year. 
With that, Mary Winn, I'd like to turn over to you and open the lines for questions.

Yes. I would say that, no, that is not the case for '19. Many of these tariffs will start to have some impact in '19. As I mentioned, we don't know the full extent yet although we've ran some preliminary numbers, and we -- like I said, we have 2 options. One option is going out now and looking to resource those products, which we are doing, in some cases, looking up in alternative countries and places where we can build product. And then again, some of this could be a pass on to the consumer. But let me remind you, only about 10% of our overall receipts are directly imported. We do have another percentage that we can't totally qualify yet. That would be coming through our, I'll call it, indirect, meaning it's components that are put into products that are probably assembled here in the U.S. that we buy from, I'll say, the U.S. maker. Those things are the more difficult ones to get our hands on. But we feel very comfortable. Through '18, we're in good shape. In '19, we'll deal with this as we know more and as we can quantify what are those 2 positions we need to take.

So I can take the first piece and throw the second piece over to Steve. On the SMG scores, we use this company to track our performance with the consumer. And we have 1 metric that we use, it's the GURA metric, the Grade, Uncover, Recommend and Ask metric. We can actually measure through customer responses how we're performing on that. And I can tell you, when we see higher levels of grading and higher levels of recommendation, it seems to drive our comp sales. And we saw quite a bit of that improvement as we went into the second quarter of this year. This is something that John Ordus and his team in the field have been working on for the last, I would say, 2 years or so. And we're seeing very nice improvement in those customer, we'll call them, loyalty or customer response scores. So we can track this. And by tracking it and understanding where we need to place emphasis, John's team has been able to bring those scores up and we're seeing that in the comp sales. Steve, you want to take the other piece?

Right. Let me address both of those, Brian. This is Greg. First, the farm economy pressures. As you know, less than 10% of our customer base is truly impacted by production farming. So it's a small number. I think what the President has done recently with the soybean scenario is going to play out much better, that $8 billion of $12 billion and such will help. But so far, we really see no impacts. Again, I think the next several rounds of the tariff conversations, where these settle, could have a little bit more to play as we go into '19. But for '18, so far so good is the way I would say it for us here at Tractor Supply. Now the second piece on tariffs, how nimble are we? How fast can we resource products? Remember, only about 10% is direct from factory to Tractor. There is some other factors involved there with what I'll call indirects where it's products that are being pulled through the supply chain used to -- components that are used to assemble products here and such. And what I can tell you is we're very nimble. We have a very strong presence in the Far East. We are sourcing product now in multiple countries. We have the ability to move products, probably faster than anyone else in our channel. But we will still continue to watch this closely to make sure that we don't over-correct because some of this is a bit of a Washington, pushing the envelope with China, trying to get some concessions, and this is really all about intellectual property rights. Let's face it, that's what this big concern is from Washington. So I'm hoping, hopeful that we'll see some concessions on both sides that are bringing this level of intensity down over the next several months. And by the end of the year, maybe this will be somewhat of a nonissue. But we are very nimble. Our supply chain is much more sophisticated today than it was 10 years ago. We have ample places to source product, and we're working with our extended vendor community, those who we buy or I'll call it domestically from who have ties to China for components and such as well as the things we do on a direct basis.

And one comment I would make is on the top line. It's really more of a factor of the really solid performance that we had in the second half of last year and comping up against that.

Bye.