Thanks, David, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our quarterly results, provide an update on our goals for 2021 and discuss the progress of our ongoing expansion plans. Scott will provide more detail on our results, outlook, and guidance. 
We reported another solid quarter with net sales of $831 million and adjusted EBITDA of $218 million. Sales improved by 11% on a year-over-year basis, while adjusted EBITDA was relatively flat compared to the third quarter last year. Excluding FCS from our third quarter 2020 results, our net sales were 19% higher and EBITDA was up 14%. Scott will get into more detail on our financials in a few minutes including favorable revisions to our guidance. As we stated in our earnings release this morning, we increased our guidance based on the third quarter results. 
During our recent Investor Day, we did a deep dive into our accelerated growth strategy and provided color on how we think about the near-term expansion of our Lithium business as well as our disciplined investment approach. Since that event in early September, we are pleased to have announced several updates on those efforts. This includes signing an agreement to acquire Guangxi Tianyuan New Energy Materials, or Tianyuan, which owns a recently built conversion plant near Qinzhou. We are totaling to ensure the plant operates as advertised and expect to close this transaction in the first quarter of next year. This puts us on track for first sales from this plant in the first half of next year. 
In addition to this plant, we have signed 2 recent agreements for investments in China to support 2 greenfield projects, each initially targeting 50,000 metric tons per year. These projects position us for initial added conversion capacity of up to 150,000 metric tons of lithium hydroxide on an annual basis to meet our customers' growing demands. In addition, our MARBL joint venture announced the restart of the Wodgina Lithium Mine in Western Australia.  
On Slide 5, you will see the objectives we set for 2021. When we set these goals, we did so with the intent of challenging ourselves with plans that were aggressive, but achievable. As we approach the end of the year, I'm excited by the significant progress and proud of the effort our team has put into achieving these goals. As you see on this slide, we have accomplished the vast majority of what we set out to do. For example, we are successfully progressing high-return, fast payback Bromine projects at both Magnolia and JBC. These projects will increase our capacity and improve the efficiencies of our operations. We've also made significant progress on our lithium growth projects. 
Now let's turn to Slide 6. First, at La Negra III and IV, our team continues to execute to plan. I'm excited to announce that we recently completed a major milestone by achieving first lithium carbonate production in late October. Initial production volumes will be used to qualify the plant and the material with our customers to ensure we are meeting their requirements. This qualification process is proceeding on track with first sales expected in the first half of next year. 
In Western Australia, the ongoing labor shortages and pandemic-related travel restrictions have continued to significantly impact virtually all companies in that region and show no signs of easing in the near term. Despite these efforts and with Herculean efforts, our team has managed to hold Kemerton I construction completion to year-end 2021. We now expect Kemerton II construction completion in the second half of 2022. While we are facing challenges at these projects, our strategy to consolidate resources and prioritize the first train continues to mitigate additional risks. 
On Slide 7, I'll highlight the progress we've made on our Wave III program since we last spoke to you at our Investor Day. At the end of September, we announced an agreement to acquire Tianyuan for $200 million, including a recently built conversion plant near the port of Qinzhou designed to produce up to 25,000 metric tons of lithium per year with the potential to expand to 50,000 metric tons per year.
We expect this acquisition to follow a similar path as our acquisitions of Xinyu and Chengdu facilities back in 2016. Following the close of the transaction, which is expected in the first quarter of next year, we plan to make additional investments to bring Qinzhou plant to Albemarle standards and ramp to initial production of 25,000 metric tons. This acquisition enables us to accelerate conversion capacity growth and leverage our world-class resource base. 
Together with our partner, we agreed to restart operations at the Wodgina Lithium Mine in Western Australia. Initially, Wodgina will begin 1 of 3 processing lines, each of which can produce up to 250,000 metric tons of lithium spodumene concentrate. This resource will be critical as we ramp our conversion capacity in Western Australia with our Kemerton sites. 
We also signed agreements to invest in 2 greenfield conversion sites in China at Zhangjiagang and Meishan. We plan to build identical conversion plants with initial target production of 50,000 metric tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide at each site. These investments offer additional optionality for future growth and have expansion potential. Investing in China offers capital-efficient, high-return growth with proximity to our low-cost Australian spodumene resources and many of our major cathode and battery customers. We continue to explore global expansion of our conversion capacity as the battery supply chain shifts west. 
Turning to Slide 8 for a review of our global project pipeline. As you can see, Albemarle is executing a robust pipeline of projects all around the world. For example, our bromine business is pursuing incremental expansions in Jordan and the United States. These high-return projects leverage our low-cost resources and technical know-how to support customers in growing and diverse markets, like electronics, telecom and automotive. 
In Chile, the Salar Yield Improvement Project allows us to increase lithium production without increasing our brine pumping rates utilizing a proprietary technology to improve efficiency and sustainability. In Australia, we continue to progress study work on additional Kemerton expansions to leverage greater scale and efficiency with repeatable designs. Finally, in the United States, we are expanding our Silver Peak facility in Nevada to double lithium carbonate production. This is the first of several options to expand local U.S. production. In Kings Mountain, North Carolina, we continue to evaluate restarting our mine. And at our bromine facility in Magnolia, Arkansas, we're evaluating the process technologies to leverage our brines to extract lithium. 
We'll continue to update you periodically on our pipeline. I hope this gives you a sense of the diversity and optionality Albemarle has as a global lithium producer. I'll now turn the call over to Scott for a look at the financials.

Thanks, Scott. I'll end our prepared remarks on Slide 14. As Scott mentioned, we are disappointed by the outcome of the Huntsman arbitration decision. But regardless of the ultimate outcome of that dispute, Albemarle will continue to focus on the execution of our growth strategy. 
As we highlighted during our Investor Day in September, we have a well thought out and focused operating model that we are implementing across our businesses. This model, the Albemarle Way of Excellence, provides us with a framework to execute our objectives effectively and efficiently and will help us to remain on target as we pursue significant growth opportunities ahead. And as we pursue these opportunities, we will be disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. Our primary capital priority is accelerating high-return growth. This means that we will invest not just to get bigger but to create tangible shareholder value and maintain financial flexibility to take advantage of future opportunities. Utilizing this approach with our low-cost resources, we believe our annual adjusted EBITDA will triple by 2026. 
Finally, at the core of all of this is sustainability. As one of the world's largest lithium producers and innovators, we were able to work closely with our customers to create value and drive better sustainability outcomes for all stakeholders. 
With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. I'll hand over to the operator.

So I think the -- we've got to get through mechanical completion, then we've got the commissioning and qualification. So then I think what we said is after that, and that's about a 6-month process. Then after that, we think we would be able to ramp to maybe 50% in the first 12 months. That's probably a little aggressive, but that's what we're targeting. And then I think the labor and all those issues are primarily around construction. We've got operators staffed and onboard and they're helping with commissioning. So I mean the labor market is going to be tied, and we may fight to keep the ones we want. I'm not sure, but the real labor issue is around construction.

Yes. So the -- P.J., it's Kent. So I think -- I mean we're going to get started on 1 and we'll ramp other facilities over time, but it's really our capacity to convert. So we're not really mining rock to sell spodumene into the market. We're mining rock to convert spodumene into finished products. And then we would -- and we'll do that at Kemerton initially. I mean, I guess we haven't worked out exactly kind of what the logistics are. So that product may go to China and other products go to Kemerton. So we just have to balance our sourcing of facilities, but that's the next tranche of our product in that part of the world.

Recycling is a phenomenon that follows the end of life of batteries and further still one has to factor in potential reuse of batteries. And given the 10-year life cycle that is warranted on most batteries produced for automotive production, that's the kind of lag you're looking at. So batteries being produced today wouldn't even be considered for recycle until 10 years from now. When we look at that, that means that we see recycling becoming important as the decade wears on, but still by the middle of the decade being fairly small amount of lithium needed in the supply chain and maybe reaching a double-digit amount of -- low double-digit amount of possible coming back into the stream by 2030.

I'm sorry. So that was the feedstock strategy for the 150 new projects in China?

So they'll be fed with our -- with spodumene coming out of Australia.

Yes, we haven't updated our guidance since Investor Day. So we're going through our annual operating planned process right now. In fact, the next meeting is next week. And we'll give you a more definitive guidance in our fourth quarter earnings call.

So the -- generally speaking, Bria, the discussions we're having with our customers are for price increase next year per -- and that aligns with the guidance I gave in a remark just a few moments ago. We have a book of contracts we've had under our -- in our basket, I should say, for some years now. Those are going back either to -- while those are -- the fixed portion of those contracts are going back to the original long-term agreement, which is significantly higher in some cases than the average price that we're seeing for 2021. 
And then there's -- many of those contracts have a variable component. And there's no one contract that looks exactly like the other, but that variable component can -- we'll also see increases. Some of those variable components are tied to indices. Others are just an annual increase nomination that's possible, our max increased nomination. 
And then finally, we have a good deal of technical grade contracts, where we'll see rising prices based upon an adjustment to what the rises we've seen this year as we roll into next year. The last piece will be our China spot business, and that's hard to say that we'd see a pretty big increase on that next year because prices are already extraordinarily high in China right now. 
But we'll continue to see possibly some upside on a year-over-year basis, particularly in the early part of the year next year on that. So those are all the components that are driving our increase and the types of discussions we're having with our customers, which will give us nice leverage -- upside leverage to the improving market conditions.

We see -- we monitor this very closely. We have a lot of analytics suite and customer dialogues up and down the supply chain from OEMs all the way back through the battery and cathode producers to assess those trends. What we believe and has been confirmed in our discussions with customers is while there is an uptick in LFP demand, there's also been an uptick in vehicle production outlook as well for electric vehicles. 
And where LFP is occupying a sweet spot is in the lower cost range -- lower cost and lower driving range portion of the vehicle mix. For some automotive producers, that will be a larger percent of their mix than others. Bottom line, we see strong growth in both of those products, albeit we see still pretty -- the growth rate in hydroxide will be higher over the coming 5 years. And hence, we feel we're extremely well positioned. 
We're bringing on 40,000 tons of carbonate capacity as we speak. And we have the hydroxide expansion strategy in addition to the Kemerton ramp that Kent earlier described and feel we're well positioned to meet both LFP demand and rising high nickel demand for cathodes.

Well, I think it depends as you might think, Jeff, on market conditions. There's a portion of our business that is exposed to market -- pure market conditions the majority of our business, even while they're under these long-term contracts, there's a variable component that the anchor around that is going to be around the fixed price, which is also going up because of the exploration and concessions we gave. 
So at this point, it's probably too early to say what we think about price be above 15% to 20% because our guidance was at least 15% to 20%. So we'll have to provide you as the quarter wears on and the discussions continue, that guidance as we get into the February call, the earnings call that we'll have in February.

So we'll talk a little bit about lithium. So copper, nickel, I don't know that we want to weigh in on that. But on -- just talk -- I'll make a few comments and then Eric can add some detail to it. But I mean we're investing heavily to kind of keep up with that demand and maintain our share, which has been our strategy. And so we're investing along with our customers. 
And security of supply has always been a key part of the value proposition from Albemarle to their customers and particularly around lithium, as you mentioned, the diversity of resources, the diversity of locations where we produce and we have carbonate and we have hydroxide today, and then we'll continue to evolve those chemistries as the market shift over time. 
So I think the network that we built is really -- a lot of that is focused around security of supply and part of the key value proposition that we talk about constantly with our customers.

Well, I think it's the -- it's a range, right? And we're not going to get into too much of this an active process. So it is either through the arbitration process or from discussions that we've initiated that we would be able to -- we could potentially reach agreement and resolve that matter. But it's a pretty -- those are the options and it's -- the time frame is pretty wide.

Well, I think you'll see us -- we'll fill that with tolling. And with this acquisition that we've done, and we expect to get that up to speed relatively quickly. I mean there'll be some -- we expect to do make rights to get it to our standard and the quality that we want, but we'll be aggressive around that. And those will be the 2 kind of methods that we use to stay on our plan.

Well, it's on the selling spodumene really strategic reasons is that we want to convert it and sell the finished products to customers where we make commitments, and we have long-term arrangement. So we might sell some spodumene here and there, but that's not our strategy. And then just starting up. I mean, we might -- we're going to do -- start the first train than the other. It's really meant to be in line with our conversion capacity. 
And then that time line that you referenced or whatever the time frame is to get it going, you've got labor issues in Western Australia, we face the same things there that we do at Kemerton to some degree. And really, the lead time is on some of the big equipment that's necessary in mining. Some of the yellow -- they call it yellow equipment that's necessary in operating these mines and the lead time on that.

Right. Well, I would say tolling is a strategy we use for bridging. That is correct. We do that. We are -- we expect to continue to toll next year for the business of La Negra but also for the purposes of Cameron. Look, I mean, it's a bridging strategy, but the market is extremely strong right now. And because Kemerton has been delayed, there's spodumene that we can take advantage of. 
And as long as we have qualified tolling partner that is someone with whom we have a good relationship, we trust our quality. We have a business relationship where we can collaborate together, then we'll take advantage of that, both to bridge and to take advantage of the strong market that's before us. So I think it's a variety of purposes. When it rolls off, it's hard for me to say, but we will have it as part of next year for sure.

Yes. Well, there's a lot happening in Chile. So there's definitely political risk in Chile. They rewrite the constitution and things are changing. I mean -- and we watch it closely and we operate there. So we -- and we're pretty close. I mean, we're close to the government. We see what's happening, but they're rewriting their constitution and there'll be changes in Chile. 
I think that Chile wants to participate in lithium industry. They're looking to expand their participation, the contracts, the agreements they have with us are very progressive, so they participate as prices go up. So that's an upside for them. So I believe they want to participate in that economically, but there's a lot happening in Chile at the moment, and we're watching it very closely.

Yes. So I'll make a comment, Eric can add some color. I mean, we don't -- we can't just turn a toller on because they're going to our customers, we have to qualify them. So there's a process there. And not all of those tollers would qualify with our customers. So it's -- we just can't just turn them on. It's not quite that simple even if we had the product. 
So now we're ramping and getting more spodumene going to give us optionality from spodumene standpoint going forward, but we still have to make sure we choose the ones and Eric talked about it before, there are people -- there are tollers that we have relationships with that have been previously qualified or currently qualified with our customers. 
So you have to fit in all those elements into it. And to really ramp it up, it would be -- it's not a 6-month strategy. It's going to take a little longer to implement that. Eric, you want to add anything?

Yes. And key for us is -- I mean, that again, security of supply, quality for the customer, customer has to trust us. So if we're going to toll, we have to make sure that product meets our specs and our customers' standards as well.

In the -- maybe, say, in the ballpark.

And I think, Scott, the cost for this, Harris is asking about how to think about that, we captured them in the guidance we provided, both capital and cash flow. It's largely joint venture capital cost to acquire this yellow equipment that we've talked about and ramp the JV.

Yes. So I mean I think it's -- I mean, Eric can get into detail, but kind of at the high level. I mean it is -- I mean we do see lower capital costs there. That's probably not the driver of the driver. That's where the market is today. And then that product can either serve Chinese market or be exported as well. 
And then as we -- I mean we anticipate seeing the battery supply chain shifting to the west and then we will invest ahead of that. But for the near term, we see that market in China today. And then we see that kind of -- as we go forward, you hear us talking about North America and Europe, to some degree, but we see that moving west and then we'll invest with it. Eric, do you want to?

Okay. Thank you, and thank you all again for your participation on our call today. As we approach the end of the year, I'm extremely pleased with the progress and the focus our team has demonstrated. I look forward to updating you in February when we announce full year results and provide more detail on 2022 objectives and outlook. This concludes our call, and thank you for your interest in Albemarle.