Hey, thanks, Dave, and good morning, everybody. In the first quarter, Albemarle delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $1.23. Lithium volume in the first quarter was negatively impacted primarily by the rain event in Chile and delayed customer qualifications. Importantly, however, lithium pricing in the quarter was up 3% versus prior year. Catalysts and Bromine Specialties grew adjusted EBITDA by 5% and 12%, respectively, excluding divested businesses. Both businesses benefited from increases in volume and price. 
Turning to our strategic projects. We continue to make progress on our lithium hydroxide joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited. We have made the necessary regulatory filings and, based on the current feedback, continue to expect the transaction to close in the second half of 2019. During April, we signed an interim marketing agreement with MRL that allows Albemarle to market any spodumene concentrate that is produced at the site prior to the closing of the joint venture. 
Our new 20,000 met ton Xinyu II lithium hydroxide facility continues to ramp production according to our original schedule. We are shipping from this expansion to customers who have completed their qualification process and have additional qualifications underway. We are on track for full qualification of Xinyu II material by all targeted accounts by the end of the third quarter of this year and expect to achieve a nameplate capacity run rate by year-end.
In Chile, we expect to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate from our 2 existing operating units in La Negra in 2019 despite the impact on production from the rain event in the Salar de Atacama, which occurred in the first quarter. Due to delays in the delivery of certain equipment, we now expect to commission the 40,000 metric ton lithium carbonate plant, La Negra III and IV, late in the fourth quarter of 2020 or in the first quarter of 2021. This will be followed by a typical 4- to 6-month customer qualification process. It would put the first meaningful sales volume around midyear 2021. In spite of this slight delay, we are confident in being able to meet our volume commitments under our long-term agreements for lithium carbonate. 
In the Salar de Atacama, we have commenced a capital investment project which is expected to improve our lithium yields in the Salar. Major equipment has been ordered. Earthworks should commence during the second quarter, and we're on track to commission the project in the second half of 2021. This project will allow us to increase our lithium yield by as much as 30% without increasing the amount of brine being used, further ensuring the sustainability of the Salar de Atacama and increasing the flexibility of our operations. 
In Kemerton, Western Australia, work has started on our lithium hydroxide complex. Earthworks are well underway, and contracts have been awarded for the major and long lead time equipment as well as for the engineering, procurement and construction management for the project. The first phase will encompass 3 trains of 20,000 to 25,000 metric tons capacity apiece and expected to be commissioned in stages during the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022. 
Finally, the expansion of Talison, our spodumene joint venture in Greenbushes, Australia, remains on schedule to start up in June of this year. This expansion will result in the capability to produce about 160,000 metric tons on an LCE, full year run-rate basis, with Albemarle's annual share being up to 80,000 metric tons. This spodumene will feed our China and Australia conversion plants. Talison will tailor operations to meet the raw material demands of its 2 partners. 
Turning to demand for lithium for a minute. During the first quarter, global sales of electric vehicles were up almost 60% compared to 2018. Full-battery electric vehicles contributed outsized growth, increasing 75% year-over-year. All of this is against the backdrop where year-on-year, global automotive sales decline by 6.5% during the same quarter. Regionally, Europe set a record for EV sales in March, ending the quarter up 23% versus prior year, with most of that growth coming from the full electric segment. U.S. sales were up 11%. First quarter EV sales in China were more than double what they were during the same period of 2018. In addition, battery production remains strong. The Chinese National Bureau of Statistics reported that full year 2018 and first quarter 2019 lithium-ion battery production increased 13% and 8%, respectively, compared to the prior year. Year-on-year, the production of NMC cathode batteries was up more than 25% during the month of March alone.
Overall, these demand signals are in line with what we see from our customers under our long-term agreements, which support the continued secular growth in electric mobility and electric storage and the underlying strength of our businesses.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Yes. I'll let Eric talk a little bit about what he sees specifically in China. And then at a high level, I'll talk a little bit about the contracts.

So if you look at our long term, okay, I think this quarter has been a quarter that shows the strength of our long-term agreements. We've had the fixed pricing and the minimum volumes that we've had in the contracts. All of our customer had held to those. They've taken their minimum commitments and they've held to that minimum pricing floor that we had. As you can see, our pricing was up 3% year-over-year when a number of other lithium companies were talking about price being down year-over-year. So again, this strategy is one that we thought through to kind of shave off the highs and the lows and to get a quality return on what we invested. So we feel good about that strategy. And they're long enough now that we have these contracts. The bulk of our carbonate, spoken for under these long-term contracts through the end of 2021. And we have the bulk of our carbonate spoken all the way through -- I'm sorry, and the bulk of hydroxide, I apologize, Bob, spoken through the end of 2025 at prices. So we feel very good about where we are and our ability and the respect and the legal significance that are given these contracts.

I mean, Bob, I think one thing is -- remember, our margins, what we've committed, it was going to overall 40% margins. And there are plenty of people -- there's some people out there in China who are willing to operate at cash costs and making cash. We're not. And the people that we'd committed to and then have committed to us, whether through the high pricing, through the low pricing, whatever the market may bring, we're going to be consistent with those prices. We're going to meet our commitments, and they're meeting their commitments as well. So we feel good about it.

And I think that also speaks to the confidence that those long-term customers have and the relationship we have with them as they cut actually, in the first quarter, cut some of their -- at least 1 or 2 of them did cut that qualification time a little short. So we got that volume in for a piece of their work but not for all of it. So I think we were trying to be a little more aggressive thinking they could shorten the qualification time across the board, and just at the higher end, quality for those long EV batteries. They weren't able to do that or weren't willing to do that. So but we've done -- it continues on schedule for qualifications. And there are no issues. It was just a matter of we thought we could get it tighter than what the traditional qualification would have been.

Yes. So nobody's pushing back on their order pattern from what we had expected for this year for our major customers. And what we said, that we will ramp in toward full capacity on a run-rate basis. So in other words, we won't produce 20,000 metric tons out of Xinyu II this year. But by the end of the year, we'll be operating at a run-rate basis that would equal 20,000 tons if we ran for the full year. There's a little bit of difference there. So you understand what I'm saying?

And then, Kevin, if you remember, on the last call, we said that we thought pricing would be -- for Lithium for the full year would be flat inflationary. That's still what we expect. What you're seeing, that 3 quarter in the first quarter -- that 3% in the first quarter, some of it is that some of the price increases in 2018 didn't hit all the way the first quarter. They were staggered through the year. So you're seeing a little bit of that also in the first quarter 2019. But we still expect them to be flat inflationary for the year.

Yes. I will turn that to Netha.

Yes. So I'm not sure what data you're looking at out of Chile. But what I would say is the way we go to market, that's a transfer price from Chile -- from our Chile entity to our U.S. entity that didn't turn themselves to the products. So you ought to not view the Albemarle export data as the final product that we sell to the customer at that price, okay.  So then if we look at carbonate longer term, what we said is in Asia, there's been some pressure on carbonate pricing in the first quarter largely due to some excess spodumene that the converters have over there that they are able to convert and they're willing to sell at a lower price than what we've seen over the last couple years. That will, over time, dry up. The market will continue. As we've always said, the market will be relatively balanced through here to 2025, but there will be pockets where you have oversupply, pockets where you have undersupply. And what we're seeing right now is a pocket where, particularly for carbonate, in many of the non-EV usage, we're seeing some downward pressure because of this excess carbonate. But I think, long term, the market is going to remain in balance. And in fact, some of that carbonate is going to have to convert to the dry side demand or we will not have enough dry side capacity to meet the demand for these battery makers on that chemistry over the long term.

No. Not more than what Scott said in his prepared remarks.

Well, that's a lot of questions for one follow-up. So let me try to address the marketing agreement. What the marketing agreement says is that we have the right to sell spodumene that's produced out of that site during the full year. We're getting -- MRL is on schedule on train 1. We will get qualification samples out. We're in the middle of marketing some of that spodumene and we will sell that spodumene at attractive prices. But we are certainly not in a position or thinking about operating that wide open and then sell it. We're going to sell it to meet the demand and that's it.

Yes.

Netha?

Yes. It's hard to say, David, because it depends so much about how many third people (sic) [ third-party ] are. But I would expect that you're going to see it through the year. I think you're going to see it through the year my bet is it's going to start -- you're going to see pricing start picking up toward year-end. But it's very, very difficult to say. It depends upon so many, so many third parties and what they may be doing, and you can't control all that. So that's what I would say. Eric?

Yes. So remember, Talison, we do not market that rock in Talison except for the technical grade. And so that would go into things like glasses and ceramics and things such as that and Tianqi markets within China. And we market outside of China for that technical grade. But all battery grade has to be converted by the partners. So we don't -- Talison is not -- does not sell spodumene rock to be converted into battery grade by either one of the partners anywhere in the world. It is simply a raw material source for Tianqi and Albemarle. And we're going to market the Wodgina rock to meet the demand. If the demand is not there, we won't run the plant. So if demand's there, we'll run it to meet that demand that we can sell and get a profit on it.

Okay. First of all, from a buyback standpoint, our buyback is already closed out. We closed out the last one that we did out -- it was closed out last year. Right, Scott?

Okay. And then I'm going to ask if you'll talk about carbonate to his question for the year and the contracts.

Then you asked about valuations. What I would say is if it's a resource, the valuations, even the private side, the ask is still pretty steep from a resource standpoint, where there may be some opportunities are in a conversion assets. And then you look at that as a -- obviously, we got some capital projects as a build-your-own versus buy. But from a resource standpoint, some of the valuations -- some of the better valuations -- I'm sorry, some of the better resources, I apologize, are still have pretty high valuations.

Yes. This is Luke Kissam. I think where we are in our spending the days about where we need to be, we're not going to invent the next battery. What is important for us is to understand where our customers are going so that we can take where they're doing and be sure that we have either the lithium metal, the lithium carbonate, the lithium hydroxide or whatever other derivative lithium might be to apply to their situation. So it's more -- less of a development and more of an application. And we've, over the last 3 or 4 years, built up that expertise so that we're able to meet those demands. And I don't see our need to increase R&D any further than those kind of levels that we have at the day in order to successfully meet the changing and evolving demands of the markets.

We're constantly having conversations with our customers. So I'm not aware of anything where a customer has come back and said, "We need to sit down and have discussion about price right now." I'm just not aware of that in this quarter. Maybe a small customer on edge is. Certainly, the major customers, no. Certainly the major customers, no.

Yes. This is Luke. Let me take the second question first. The better second half is easy. From a Lithium standpoint, it's Xinyu full qualifications and ramping that production up. And it's the Chile brine, having the better brine, getting through that rain event, having enough brine to feed the plants to operate it at high capacity. It's operating.  Can we operate Xinyu a little better than we have in the forecast? And then it comes down to continued strength of bromine getting a little -- we've got another well coming online in bromine. And then we've got big orders. You know the hydrotreating catalysts business is a little bit lumpy business. And if you look right now, the third and fourth quarter are big quarters for hydrotreating catalysts. Right now, we believe it's going to be a really big third quarter because of that. But those HPC orders always have a tendency to slide a little bit, so it's the second half. But that's what gives us confidence in the big second half. It's not a lot of price built in across our portfolio for those. It's really all about the additional volume, the additional qualifications and the way the order patterns are set in HPC catalysts.

Scott?

Yes. I would expect the EV sales to continue on the trajectory what you've seen from '16 to '17 and '17 to '18 and '18 to '19 is what I would see. We don't see any evidence in the order pattern of our big customers or from what we're seeing in the models that are being rolled out by the EV makers, by the automotive OEMs, that are going to change that direction. You're still going to see continued growth in the EV sector in '19. I just -- I don't know what that number's going to be. But I think you'll see a continuing trend of what we've seen in the past.

Yes. It's going to be roughly the same. We'll give you update on that. But if I was modeling that right now, it would be roughly the same, assuming that we still have the good demand that we are seeing. If we don't have that demand from the customers, if we got issues with customers, we will certainly pull it back. But as of right now, the demand we're seeing from our customers would necessitate those investments and would give us the return on those investments as well.

Yes. This is Luke. We're very confident. It worked at the lab quite well. It also worked in pilot scale from brines in the Salar that we ran it through. It's known -- it's not new equipment. It's known equipment. There's not any specially made pieces of equipment or things like that. So we feel confident in our ability to execute this project. It allows for us to achieve about a 30% increase in the yield of the lithium from the same amount of brine being pumped in the Salar. So it's good for the Salar. It gives us a lot of unit flexibility and preservation of capital going forward. So that's the best place in the world to make lithium derivatives. So we're excited about that ability, and we're moving forward. We expect to commission that sometime in 2021, I believe.

Yes. This is Luke. From a MRL standpoint, this is a great partnership, combines the mining expertise they have with the lithium hydroxide expertise that we have. And we're not buying this for this quarter or for the next quarter, but for the next 20 years to be able to drive the returns. And we're still confident in those returns over that period of time, and we feel good about the deal.