Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I'll highlight our third quarter results and achievements. Scott will provide more detail on our financial results, outlook, balance sheet and capital allocation. I'll then close our prepared remarks with an update on our structure and our strategic growth projects.  
We had another excellent quarter as Albemarle continues to benefit from the demand for lithium-ion batteries driven by the energy transition. This, plus growth in bromine, drove a strong third quarter. We generated net sales of $2.1 billion or more than 2.5x the prior year period. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $1.2 billion or approximately 5x the prior year period, continued the trend of increase -- of EBITDA increasing significantly outpacing sales growth.  
We are tightening our previously raised 2022 outlook and reaffirming our expectation to be free cash flow positive for the year. Scott will review the key elements of our outlook in his remarks.
In October, we completed the acquisition of the Qinzhou lithium conversion facility in China. This, along with the mechanical completion of the Kemerton II lithium conversion project in Australia has us on track to more than double our lithium conversion capacity this year.  
In response to the growth opportunities ahead of us, we announced during the quarter a new segment structure that is expected to take effect in January of 2023. We are realigning our core Lithium and Bromine businesses into Albemarle Energy Storage and Albemarle Specialties.
Additionally, we completed the strategic review of the Catalysts business. After our work, we determined that the best course was to hold the business as a separate entity with a separate brand identity. Going forward, this business will be known as Ketjen. After the founder of the refining catalyst business, a call back to the business' proud history of innovation and sustainability.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.

Thanks, Scott. Before we look at the growth projects, I wanted to update you on the separation of our Catalysts business and the reshaping of our core portfolio. We are realigning our core Lithium and Bromine businesses into Energy Storage and Specialties and expect this to be effective in January of 2023. The restructuring is designed to allow for stronger focus and better execution on our multiple growth opportunities.
Energy storage will focus on lithium ion battery evolution and the energy transition. And Albemarle Specialties combines the existing bromine business with the Lithium Specialties business to focus on diverse growth opportunities in industries such as consumer and industrial electronics, healthcare, automotive and building and construction.  
Following the strategic review of the Catalysts business, we determined that the best course was to hold the business as a separate entity with a separate brand identity. This structure is intended to allow the Catalysts business to respond to unique customer needs and global market dynamics more effectively while also achieving its growth ambitions. The business will be named Ketjen, referencing the business' original founder, which draws on our entrepreneurial heritage, our Catalysts business.  
This business will continue to be managed by Raphael Crawford. Additionally, we have established an advisory board for Ketjen, with Netha Johnson acting as Chair. Its primary purpose is to provide thought leadership and strategic advice to Ketjen senior management. These changes reflect Albemarle's focus on growing our business, our people and our values by being agile and providing innovative solutions that anticipate customers' needs and meet the markets of tomorrow.
So looking at Slide 15. As one of the world's largest producers of lithium, we are well positioned to enable the global energy transition. We are focused on building the structure and capabilities to deliver significant conversion capacity around the world. We are investing in China, Australia and North and South America and anticipate production up to 500,000 tons per year on a nameplate conversion capacity by 2030. And we are off to a great start. When you look at where we were just a year ago at 85,000 tons compared to our expectation to end 2022 with 200,000 tons of capacity.
Now a few recent highlights around that capacity. In Chile, the La Negra III and IV conversion plant has completed commercial qualification is now generating revenue and running as expected. We are looking at a variety of options to enhance our Chilean operations to accelerate sustainability and potentially expand production.  
For example, as discussed in our sustainability report, we are progressing options for renewable energy and desalinated water projects. Albemarle and our predecessor companies have operated in Chile for more than 40 years. Our current contract with CORFO runs through 2043. By continuing to advance sustainability, we can continue to be the partner of choice, sharing the benefits of lithium production with the community and earning the right to grow our operations in the future. 
In Australia, the Kemerton II conversion plant has successfully reached mechanical completion and has entered the commissioning phase of the project. Kemerton I continues in qualification, and we expect to produce qualification samples by year-end. We are also making progress with engineering on our Kemerton III and IV project as we started placing orders for long lead time equipment.
In China, besides the acquisition of the Qinzhou lithium conversion plant, construction is progressing to plan at the 50,000 ton per year Meishan lithium hydroxide facility. Our ownership stakes at the Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines ensures we have access to low-cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities.  
And finally, in the United States, the expansion to double production at Silver Peak is progressing ahead of schedule. At the Kings Mountain mine, studies continue to progress positively. We announced two weeks ago, we have received a $150 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy to partially fund the construction of a lithium concentrator. We're proud to partner with the federal government on this project.  
To leverage our Kings Mountain lithium mine, we plan to build a multi-train conversion site in the Southeast U.S. This Megaflex site is designed to handle mineral resources from Kings Mountain and other Albemarle sites as well as recycling feedstock. We continue to expect the mine and the conversion site to be online later this decade, most likely in 2027.
With our best-in-class know-how to design, build and commission both resource and conversion assets, Albemarle is well positioned to enable the localization of the battery supply chain in North America. The recently passed U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA is designed to encourage domestic EV supply chain investment, among other objectives. The law includes manufacturing and consumer tax credits for sourcing critical minerals like lithium in the United States or in free trade agreement partner countries like Chile and Australia.
  
The solid bar indicates 2022 expected lithium production in the United States and free trade agreement countries, both from Albemarle and other lithium producers. 
Compared to forecasted U.S. EV demand for lithium by 2030, there's a 400,000 ton gap between today's supply and the supply needed in 2030. The bar on the right indicate how Albemarle's planned expansions in the U.S., Australia and Chile can play a key role in increasing U.S. lithium supply and assisting our customers with increased demand for electric vehicles and localized supply.
Now moving to our last slide, let me sum up the key points on our growth strategy. First, a strong outlook. For 2022, we're projecting revenue at double 2021, adjusted EBITDA at nearly 4x 2021 and cash from operations at 4x 2021. And we expect continued growth into 2023. Second, financial flexibility to fund profitable growth and maintain our credit rating while still supporting our dividend. 
Third, a strong operating model that should power us through the current macroeconomic turbulence. Fourth, high-return growth projects are underway in both lithium and bromine. In total, Albemarle is well positioned to deliver growth and build long-term shareholder value. 
This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll ask Alex to open the call for questions. And we'll go from there.

So no, not 10x. I wouldn't -- I mean it's going to be more expensive to build in the U.S. than China. So we -- but we built in Australia now, and we're building in China. So we've got a good handle on that. So we think North America will be something like Australia and say for, and that might be twice China, but nothing like 10x.

Yes. So we're building pretty aggressively, and we need both elements. We need the resource and then we need the conversion assets. So I mean, between balancing those, we're keeping less in balance and moving pretty much with the market. We may be half a step behind. I don't know that we wanted to 3 or 4 facilities in the U.S., I don't think we could feed those.
I'm not sure that would make sense. We would do -- I mean, our plan is we'll do this large facility that we're looking at in the conversion site in the U.S. That's going to be a big facility and probably do another one at that scale, but we have to have the resource defeated.

Yes, it's a good point. And that's probably will be a little smaller facility just because of the resource from the direct lithium extraction. But that is a slightly different time frame than the conversion facility in the Southeast.

What was the question? What is the site? We have [indiscernible] southeast...

Oh, the size. Okay. Sorry. So the size of -- we're planning 100,000 for a conversion facility of 100,000 tons. It will come in phases. But the idea is roughly 25% would be from recycled materials, 75% from virgin material.

Yes. So that -- it's a good question. And what we are -- I mean you get lower capital, we referenced that kind of like half the capital to do that in China. The Qinzhou acquisition was good for us. So we'll look at -- once we operate that for a while and get a good understanding, we'll look at expanding it. Probably, most likely, we'll expand that. And then we've got the Meishan project that we're doing there. And then we had a project that we were looking at Zhangjiagang, and that's another one that we think about.  
But we're -- as demand grows. So China is still the largest lithium market in the world, and their growth is quite significant. We've got demand growing in North America and Europe now. So we're trying just to balance that, manage the opportunity and minimize the risk. So I think that that's something that we look at all the time.
Our plans -- our firm plans at the moment are -- we've done the Qinzhou acquisition, and we're building the Meishan project. And we're planning to do an expansion of the Qinzhou facility but we won't actually have to pull the trigger on that because we want to get a little bit of operating experience with that plant. And then change the design somewhat when we do the expansion. So we look at it all the time and something that we just adjust to as to what's current.

Yes. I mean I don't know if we have specific thoughts on it, but we are always looking at lithium assets. We were kind of comb the planet for lithium assets. So if they're interesting, we would be looking at them, but nothing to say on those particular assets today.

Yes, you're way ahead of it, John. I think it is -- will be -- it will run. It will be a blend, right? We'll blend things that come through, but it's going to be designed around Kings Mountain. And then other resources that will feed that and then the recycling. So it's going to be quite flexible and why we're calling it the Megaflex. So there's -- there'll be flexibility around it. But I don't -- and it's not specific. We're not designing for a particular ore typically. We try and -- we design in flexibility so we can operate on multiple resources.

Okay. So first question about the JV. So we continue to talk and look at opportunities to kind of optimize that between the 2 of us. So those are ongoing discussions. And if we get to something that's different, we'll  finalize that. We'll tell the market as soon as that information is available.
Wodgina is operating. It's up and operating and the -- there are debottlenecking opportunities and additional trains that are potential, but it is up and operating today on two trains, I believe. And then we have -- and we're talking about starting -- we're talking about a third train, but it's -- there are two trains today, and they are operating.

Well, we need to -- we have designs of it, and we need to be able to have conversion capacity for that.

So has it been a couple of months? That's -- but it will -- I don't know that it directly impacts our economics, but it's changed the market a bit. I mean there's more requirement for local supply in the U.S. and then supply from countries with free trade agreements with the U.S. And actually, it works out, we're well positioned for that, and we had planned to have -- we were planning the Kings Mountain facility and conversion in the U.S., but that is accelerating that, I would say, trying to go as fast as we can.  
We did have plans already on the books before that happened, and this just kind of makes it more critical. So I know -- now that you translate it specifically into our P&L, but it does drive demand toward North America and to localize supply to as much as possible, and I think it will accelerate EV demand in North America.

Yes. So that was a particular program. So we wouldn't expect to get anything additional out of that. There was a process we went through and applications. We got that particular grant. So if there are other programs, we could do that. But under this existing program, that was it.

Yes. So I mean we'll have capital. We'll definitely have capital in the '23 plan around those facilities. And the date, the '27 date is mine and conversion optimistically. It all depends on the permitting process and the schedule, but that's the thinking.

You mean qualified, you mean? Yes. So we've been actually tolling through the facility. So the acquisition took us a little longer to get some of the approvals than we anticipated. So we told our [ spodumene ] through it. So we've qualified that product already.

Okay. Thank you, Alex, and thank you all again for your participation on our call today. Albemarle is a global market leader with a strong track record of financial and operational performance. We have a clear strategy to accelerate profitable growth, and we play an essential role in meeting the world's sustainability challenges. We are proud of what we have accomplished, and I am personally thankful for our outstanding employees as we reshape our business for even greater success going forward. Thank you.