Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The second quarter was another strong quarter for Tractor Supply as we delivered record results on both sales and earnings. I would like to begin by thanking the 48,000-plus Tractor Supply team members for once again delivering impressive performance through strong execution and for their dedication to serving Life Out Here.  
Our business continues to be incredibly stable and resilient. This quarter, the team did an excellent job managing inflationary impacts operating through continued supply chain disruption and navigating the evolving consumer demand. We continue to win with our customers and took substantial share in the quarter. We enter the back half of the year with our inventory on plan and excellent visibility into our expense base. We remain very confident in our growth outlook and our Life Out Here strategy. Structural tailwinds continue to benefit us, including rural revitalization, home setting, self-reliance and pet ownership. Our brand, loyalty program, digital capabilities, supply chain and 2,000-plus stores create significant enduring advantages for us. And our strategic initiatives are all on track and reaching scale.  
Now let's turn to a review of the business for the second quarter of 2022. In many ways, the second quarter was a mirror image of Q1. The quarter started off slow as April was pressured from cycling stimulus and the delayed start of spring. May was our strongest month. June was solid and modestly above the quarter's comp in spite of record-breaking heat, which has continued into Q3 and will limit the sales upside in the current quarter.  
We grew net sales by 8.4% with comparable store sales up 5.5%. Our comparable store sales growth was driven by strong ticket growth of 7.5%, offset by a decline in transactions of 2%. We experienced positive comp sales growth for each of the last 9 weeks of the quarter. Comp transactions were positive for the months of May and June combined. Diluted EPS was $3.53, an increase of 10.7%.    Year-round categories were up high single digits, indicative of our demand-driven, needs-based business model.  
The impressive results in our consumable, usable and edible categories continued this quarter as the business performed more than 3x our overall sales growth rate. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of CUE outperforming our overall results. 
Our seasonal performance was below the company average, but positive. Big ticket was flat to last year and exceeded our expectations given that we were cycling strong performance last year driven by stimulus and ideal weather for the spring and summer season. We had strength in zero-term mowers, chicken coops, battery-operated outdoor power equipment and grills, with the biggest declines coming from frontage and mowers, log splitters and walk-behind mowers.  
Our Neighbor's Club reached a record 26 million members in the quarter. Our Neighbor's Club members are comping at a faster rate than our overall performance. We are seeing strong growth in industry-leading retention in our high-value customers.  
Our team members' commitment to providing legendary service continues to differentiate the shopping experience within our stores. As a proof point, our customers' overall satisfaction scores were at the highest level ever for a second quarter. We are successfully scaling our store real estate and remodel projects. To date, we have over 400 stores in the Project Fusion format. We have over 230 stores with garden centers, more than 100 stores with store than the store Carhartts and over 600 stores with a pet wash. These are all improvements that make Tractor Supply a more contemporary, relevant farm and ranch-oriented retailer. These improvements are allowing us to gain share with new and existing customers. Given our strong performance in the first half of the year, we're raising our financial outlook for fiscal 2022. Although the operating environment may be different than we anticipated as we entered the year, we're pleased with how we're navigating the various circumstances and remain very confident in the significant opportunities ahead of us.  
Track Supply is a unique, highly differentiated retailer. Our needs-based business model has a track record of growing through varying economic conditions. Our customers and team members are passionate about the Out Here lifestyle, and they prioritize it. Our customers overindexes homeowners, landowners, animal owners and pet owners. We believe that the structural macro trends that I mentioned earlier are long term and sustainable. As the market leader, we have substantial advantages. 
Additionally, our investments in our Life Out    Here strategy are reaching critical mass and furthering our competitive advantage. Tractor Supply has never been stronger. Before I turn the call over to Kurt, I want to welcome Kimberley Gardiner as our new Chief Marketing Officer. Kimberley succeeds Christi Korzekwa, who announced her retirement earlier this year. Kimberley brings an extensive background in marketing with a data-driven approach to brand development that I believe will continue the evolution of our marketing organization and continue to build on the strength of the Tractor Supply brand. Our appreciation and thanks go to Christi for her leadership and dedication over the last decade at Tractor Supply.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Kurt to discuss some of the details of the second quarter and our financial outlook for the rest of the year.

Thanks, Kurt. Okay. So now let's review some of the growth drivers for Tractor Supply to capture the significant opportunity we see ahead of us. As previously mentioned, with a total addressable market of $180 billion, our Life Out Here Strategy positions us well to capture the market share.  
First, Project Fusion and Garden Center initiatives are 2 key growth drivers of our strategy, and they're designed to drive space productivity and sweat our existing assets. We are on track to have Project Fusion implemented in nearly 30% of our stores by year-end. Our multiyear plan to renovate existing stores allows us to improve the shopping experience for our customers with a revitalized layout and expanded offerings. The changes are resonating with our customers and our team members.  
As of today, we have over 230 garden centers that are up and running. We continue to forecast having garden center transformations of our side lots in over 15% of our stores by the year-end. Over the spring and summer selling seasons, our stores with a garden center significantly outperformed the chain average and are on track with our business case. The expanded assortment of live goods is resonating not only with existing customers, but is a key asset to attracting new customers that's CUE female and younger. The garden centers have allowed us to gain share and will continue to play a significant role in our merchandising plans across the seasons.  
As the #1 seller of [ dog ] feed and a top 5 retailer in pet food, it is critical that we are able to deliver for our customers as the dependable supplier in these CUE categories. These are destination categories for us that drive trips. Our supply chain is a critical differentiator for us to deliver on CUE as we work to ensure we not only have capacity for future growth that maintain the lowest cost to serve. To support our store growth and increased demand, our ninth distribution center located in Navarre, Ohio is on track to begin shipping in the first quarter of 2023.  
Additionally, we are targeting the top 180 most challenged stores to implement a full suite of resources, which would include things like a feed room, mixing center allocations, high-volume store racking and much more. To date, our process improvements have been executed across about 50% of our targeted stores. While still in the early stages, we are pleased with the improved operations at these stores.  
With the success of our Fusion and Garden Center projects, growth in our Neighbor's Club, the increased volume, velocity and variety of CUE products moving through our supply chain in stores allows us to leverage our scale and sophistication to widen our position in farm and ranch. Mobile engagement is a moat that we are creating around our business. We are well on our way to converting our 26 million Neighbor's Club members into power users of our app. We are currently ahead of our year-to-date goals for our mobile app downloads. With new offers and features like the My Pet mobile app personalization, we are able to differentiate our digital shopping experience and capture growth opportunities.  
Whether online or in stores, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the change from summer to fall with our customers. Innovation and newness resonate with our customers and our merchant team have exciting plans to capitalize on our customer needs. Our customers count on us for brands that have the durability to get the job done and clothing is no exception. For instance, our lineup of apparel, workwear and accessories includes leading brands like Carhartt, Wrangler and Columbia as well as our exclusive brand, Ridgecut.  
Ridgecut has resonated with our customers and has allowed for our assortment expansion to include footwear and women's clothing. From insulated outerwear, hoodies, long-sleeved T-shirts, boots and more, our apparel products focus on the demand-driven workwear categories.  
In truck tool and hardware, our annual event ultimate workshop, will be in stores in the coming weeks and will be bigger than ever. More than 700 stores now have an improved tool coral. Our lineup of relevant brands like Porter-Cable exclusively at Tractor Supply, the expansion of Makita and strong brands like Bosch and DeWalt makes our ultimate workshop sales event more relevant.  
The event offers great value on the brands our customers need to outfit their workshop or garage. We also have a new strategic partnership with Interstate Battery that we will roll out in the fourth quarter. Interstate Battery has a proven track record and is the largest battery distribution network in the United States that will allow us to better serve our stores. Branded as traveler by Interstate Battery, we will have a great lineup that is relevant all with improved in-stocks and reliability.  
In our seasonal business, we anticipate that this will be a strong heating season given the elevated energy costs. As the dependable supplier in this destination category, we are investing to ensure we have strong in-stock position. In heating, we have a new collection of innovative and exclusive home heating equipment with smart home technology providing maximum efficiency and a cost-effective way for our customers to heat their homes. For the fall harvest and Christmas holiday season, we will be leveraging an expanded assortment of our garden centers to drive productivity of the space.  
And importantly, across our CUE categories, we are committed to being in stock and priced right for our customers. Our CUE categories continue to drive trips to Tractor Supply. As an example, our pet customer counts are up high single digits with trips and baskets increasing for these customers. This is a trend we're seeing across other CUE categories like livestock feed and poultry.  
We are well positioned to continue to gain market share with a great lineup of seasonally relevant products with legendary customer service. To wrap up, the Tractor Supply team continues to thrive through the dynamic macroeconomic environment while making significant progress laying the foundation for the future. Track Supply has a proven business model that has been resilient over many different business cycles. Our business has been incredibly resilient and stable over the last several years, whether we look at that by week, region or product category. At the same time, we believe we have visibility into our cost and are managing our inventory to customer demand. We are winning with our customers. With significant growth and market share opportunities, it remains an exciting time at Tractor Supply.  
My thanks and appreciation go out to the team for their dedication to living our mission and values every day. And now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Liz, this is Hal. Thanks so much for the question and for joining the call. On transportation costs, break it down into a couple of different buckets. First off, spot rates for both import products, the container spot rates as well as spot rates for domestic are trending down and starting to reach kind of averages levels for last year and in some cases, below. That said, the flip side is the vast majority of our business for both domestic and imports are done on contracts. And the contracts that we are in this year are at higher rates than they were last year. So kind of -- when you kind of look at it all, it all kind of blends to about the same number. So as we get in towards the back half of the year, we do expect some of the pressure to moderate. But I don't anticipate a tailwind on transportation costs for 12 to 18 months.

Steve, thanks for joining our call. I'd start with the culture at Tractor Supply is foundational for us. Our mission and values are our #1 priority. And we are constantly looking for ways to make deposits in our culture and continue to build on it. And as you mentioned, our annual sales meeting, which was just last week is one big way that we do that. 
As it relates to kind of the investments we made in the team, we're proud of the investments we've made in our team, in particular over the last couple of years. And they range from wage investments to bonus enhancements and improvements and to broader rollouts of benefits and not just health care benefits, but additional items like tuition reimbursement, paternity leave, et cetera. And those have been substantial in their monetary both at an individual level and also material in terms of investment on the overall company level. And we are committed to paying a fair day's wage for a fair day's work. 
That said, as we look forward, we do think that the majority of that investment is behind us. We feel good about where we are from a market perspective on a relative basis. We're seeing retention rates well below 2019 levels. We're seeing excellent engagement scores with our team members. And we feel really good about our culture and our morale and our team as we head into the back half of the year. We have a track record of consistency and resiliency in all different economic environments. And that's one of the things that I do anticipate that as the economy becomes a little tougher and we start to see the labor market ease and layoffs occurring that there will be a flight to quality. And I think that will be a really good thing for Track Supply and allow us to further improve our retention and attract high-quality talent just given the resiliency and stability of our business and our commitment to our team members and culture.

And thanks, Scot, for the question and for joining the call. I'd say at the highest level, our business just continues to be incredibly resilient, stable and consistent kind of week-to-week, day-to-day.       And we've got a portfolio of geographies. So at times when certain geographies are seeing unfavorable weather, we'll see favorable weather elsewhere. We're seeing some balance of that as it averages across. I'd also point to the strength of our CUE business and the fact that it is the fifth consecutive quarter, it's performed at these elevated levels. Categories like dog, dry food, we're taking significant share. That business is running mid-double-digit unit comps, well into the mid-20% on sales dollar comps. We're also seeing similar strength in poultry feed and equine feed. And those businesses are demand-driven, need based. They drive the traffic into our stores. And so with that, and then the rest of the business, we've been really good at evolving with consumer demand in a pretty quick way, leaning into categories that are going well, like grilling, moderating in certain categories where like frontage and riders where we need to. And the team has just done an excellent job navigating that kind of evolving consumer demand and having the right inventory at the right place at the right time. And as Seth mentioned, the quality of our inventory, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're ending our inventory on plan at the end of the quarter. And we just -- we feel really good about inventory. And if anything, we'd like to have more of it in some of our CUE categories. But I think that's the thing that's just the strength of Tractor Supply in our business model is the demand-driven, need-based consistency of the business. If I go back in history, 30-plus years now of positive revenue growth, 30 years of consecutive of positive comp transactions, 29 of 30 of positive sales comp dollars. And it's just the consistency of the business and the strength of the team to be able to navigate these evolving consumer demand that gives us the confidence in our -- in raising our outlook for the year and also the consistency of the first half performance.

Yes. I'd say as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the business has continued to evolve this year as consumer demand has evolved. Certainly, as we mentioned on big ticket, it was flattish for the second quarter. Now that's on top of 40% comps from last year, so really still elevated sales levels compared to multiple years ago. But in there, we have some categories that were very strong, grilling and safe as examples. But then we had other categories that were below expectations, but those all netted to be right in line with what we thought. And so we're not seeing a precipitous drop off anywhere, just the continued evolution as you always have in the business and maybe a little bit more faster evolving just given the market dynamics that we've all been operating in over the last 2 or 3 years, really. But nothing of concern or material weakness or anything like that.

Peter, thanks so much for the question. I'd start out by saying we estimate our market was roughly flat on a dollar basis for Q2. And therefore, we took substantial share in the quarter. And our new customers that we've acquired over the last couple of years are certainly contributing to that share growth, in addition to just share of wallet gain that we've had with our kind of core customer. 
And I'd point to categories -- a few different categories on that. First off, I'd point to dry dog food and the numbers I gave earlier on unit growth and sales dollar growth. And those are well above the market run rate right now. Similarly, on poultry, now a very large business for us with continued growth. This is the third year now of substantial growth in poultry. And each year, we're seeing the customers that engage in the category last year reengage at very high retention rates. In fact, one of the highest retention rates that we have in our CUE business. 
And then we're also seeing significant new customers entering the category. And that category, not only is it kind of an outdoor hobby and activity, but it also has a big element of kind of self-reliance. With rising inflation and cost, you can have a meat bird in 3 months, have an egg layer in 4 months. And we're seeing people invest in their flocks currently, not only just for the notion of kind of rural revitalization, but also really in the spirit of kind of self-reliance. 
I'd also point to live goods. We've made a significant investment in our garden centers over the last 2 years and exiting Q2 with 230 garden centers. And over 10% of our chain now has a garden center. Live goods has now grown into a material business for us. And it's attracted a more female customer as well as a younger customer into our business and really helped us -- and given us kind of that next kind of demand-driven need-based transaction driver in our stores. So feel really good about our customer retention, how we've engaged with the customers over the last 2 years and we're holding on to them. And the last thing I'd point to is our Neighbor's Club now it's 26 million members, comprising well over 70% of our sales. Retention rate is still running well above 80%. And our largest tier and our fastest-growing tier, its retention rate above 95%. So I feel really good about the state of our customer and I'll close with, as I mentioned at the beginning, we took substantial share in the quarter, which has been a consistent trend over the last 2, 2.5 years.

On inflation, I'd start by just saying it continues to be persistent and consistent. Certainly, seeing some moderation. If you look at a few of the metrics, fuel costs, slightly down; spot rates on containers, down a bit; commodities, moderating. But still, if you look at even on a year-over-year basis and certainly on a 2- and 3-year basis, kind of record highs. And I think there's a lot of debate in the industry right now whether or not some of the reduced prices around corn and wheat are going to hold or whether it's just a temporary lull that will go back up as we start to look at the crop yields and demand towards the back half of the year. I think the thing we're both watching at a very high macro level is PPI. And PPI has got to come down first, just generically speaking, across retail before CPI is going to come down. And it's going to take -- because retailers got to turn through their higher cost inventory for 2, 3, 4 months at a minimum before you start to see any reduction on the CPI retail side. So I think inflation is going to hold and continue to be consistent really through the CPI kind of retail level, certainly through the balance of this year.

This is Hal. Thanks, Chuck, for the question. First, I'll just say on our comps, they've been very consistent in June and into July. And I think the heat and the drought is certainly impacting the business. But as I mentioned in my remarks, it's really taken more of the upside out of Q3 more so than it impacted to the downside. And that's why Kurt was kind of mentioning in his comments, kind of in our 5.2% to 5.8% guide for the year that we expect in Q3 and Q4 to roughly run in the middle of that. And as we mentioned, that's kind of how we -- what our total Q2 was as well. So feel very good about that. And we're navigating the drought well. But -- and again, it's kind of impacted the upside potential really more in the quarter. 
Yes. And then on garden centers, 230 of them as we exited the quarter here. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a strong attraction of it for new customers and destination trips, more younger and female. While we -- and I think the thing that's different about our garden centers, while we certainly sell annuals and perennials, we're seeing real strength in what you would expect in kind of rural America, which is trees, shrubs, fruits and vegetables. And our garden centers are performing at the expectations we had, continuing to deliver strong comp lifts in the stores that we roll it out. And we've been very pleased with our vendor partnership as well, and there's been a lot of interest from our vendor partners in doing business with us as we expand into other markets.

Michael, I'd start with we look at the history of the business and just the consistency of our performance and the stability of our performance over 30-plus years in all the varying economic cycles that we've been through. 
The second thing is we then look at kind of the foundation of the business and our CUE business and the demand-driven, need-based orientation that and the strong stability we have there and the share gain. And then we obviously have our own internal forecast that we have around the overall economy, and we get a lot of deep insights into our own customer trends, whether it's from Neighbor's Club data and others. And we -- our view on the economy is that it will remain roughly as it is for the balance of the year. And as a consequence, our performance will stay kind of in the same range that it's been operating in as we move forward for the balance of the year. We all saw Q1's GDP was negative. We'll know in a few weeks' time on Q2's GDP. We certainly know consumer sentiment and business sentiment is negative. I think it's more likely than not that the Q2 GDP is roughly in line with what Q1 was. And our expectation is that the second half is about the same. And if we are in a recession, it's a mild, modest recession, and we expect our business will continue to perform in the same way. 
On comp transactions, we're certainly watching that closely and have aspirations of turning those back positive. Two big impacts to comp transactions this year-to-date have been stimulus and then also the drought and the heat. In weeks where those 2 are not as applicable, we do see -- we have seen positive comp transactions. As we mentioned in my prepared remarks, the months of May and June in combination had positive comp transactions. And in markets that are less affected by the heat right now, we are seeing positive comp transactions. And we certainly anticipate, as we get through those pressures, the return of positive comp transactions.

Scott, thanks for the question. And on the first part, the comp transaction decline is almost fully attributable to the stimulus lapping and the heat and the drought and kind of the compressed spring. As I mentioned earlier, in weeks and in geographies where those extraneous factors are not at play, we see strong positive comp transactions. Collectively across the months of May and June, we see positive comp transactions. We break our customers in a variety of different cohorts and segments. We see our lower-income customer group having some modest falloff, but we've mentioned that over the last month or 2. And -- but as a reminder, that's a very small piece of our customer segments. Our customers own homes, they own land, they own animals, they own pets. And to some degree, that insulates them. And that's the consumer segment [indiscernible] our business, but also if you just are reading all the newspaper headlines and watching all the various shows out there, those consumers are holding up well, and they continue to hold up well for us, too. And I think we can see that in a moment, and we also see it in the track record of this business over the last 10, 20, 30 years. And so our customers are still very strong, still spending and still doing well. And when you pull out the extraneous factors, we still see strong positive comp transactions and feel very good about the health of the business. 
And the garden centers, we feel we are very positive on our garden centers in total. Really pleased in less than 2 years of having launched the strategy to have over 15% of our chain with garden centers now. And in the stores that have had it in place for now a second garden season, they're performing very strongly. We're very pleased with how quickly our garden centers are becoming a destination in the communities. Very pleased with our vendors and being able to have the great product in there and replenishing it at the right rate. We've been very pleased with our store execution and hiring garden center specialists. So you've got a strong customer service theme in the garden centers. And then it's bridging over into the balance of the store with the transactions in there because we estimate about half of the transactions happen to garden centers are actually destination transactions that then bleed into the store or even into the side lot now. And the side lots become a much more kind of shoppable destination with the drive-through pickup. So very pleased with the performance of the garden centers and just our side lot transformation. And then obviously, in combination with Project Fusion, which we haven't talked about as much today, but now over 400 stores with Project Fusion, starting to reach critical mass over 20% of our stores now, seeing the lift in the comp sales there, but also the improved customer response to the elevation in the store experience, improvements in areas like apparel and pet food, obviously, in our power tools now we've got 100 -- I think it's 800 stores now -- 700 stores now with an updated power tools area. So our customers -- when you look at the data, you can very much see the lift in the stores that we execute Fusion in our garden centers, and it's a big driver of our market share gains that we're seeing.