Thank you, Mary Winn, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. Before we address our results for the second quarter, I thought I'd just step back, take a moment, acknowledge the environment in the United States right now. There's no doubt we're in a generational moment. Before the quarter began and for the entirety of this quarter, we've continued to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic and really all that's come along with it. And then towards the end of the quarter, we've seen widespread protests focused on racial inequality in America. We're a purpose-driven company at Tractor Supply through all these times. We've stepped back and led with our values, and I'm incredibly proud of that. Been so impressed and inspired how our team has come together and responded. And in all situations and across all functions, the team has moved with speed and focus to address this dynamic environment while also executing and delivering on record-breaking sales.
Start off by just talking about team member, health and safety. We've taken extensive and proactive measures in this area. Masks are required for all team members and customers in all stores. Each day, all of our team members take their temperature and go through a symptom screening before coming to work. We are in the process of implementing biweekly testing for over 500 team members who travel, and we will be conducting sample testing within all our DCs to stay on top of that robust large population. Additionally, we've arranged for robust case management to conduct contact tracing and provide health care support for all team members who are impacted by COVID-19.
And also, I thought I'd add, where there -- in areas where there's been widespread community outbreaks, such as in Waco, Texas and Costa Grande, Arizona, where we have distribution centers, in those areas over the last 6 weeks independently each, we sent in rapid response teams to conduct facility wide testing in concert with contact tracing and case management.
In summary, just want to reinforce how committed we are at Tractor Supply to being a safe place to work and shop and how committed we are to implementing industry-leading best practices across all parameters of safety. We're also committed to advancing a diverse and inclusive culture, built on our core value of respect. To promote social progress, we invested in a dedicated time of reflection for all 38,000 team members to discuss the importance of diversity and inclusion in our company. We did this team by team by team. Additionally, over the last few weeks, we published our first ESG report. We hired a Director of Diversity and Inclusion, and we donated to cause of the supporting quality and strength in our local communities, and you can expect many more actions from us on the diversity inclusion front moving forward.
Now turning to the results of the quarter. We experienced unprecedented sales. Notably, they were strong the entire quarter, all 3 months. We had consistent, elevated levels of sales each week, and we had record growth across all channels, product categories and geographic regions.
Kind of turning to the numbers. Net sales grew approximately 35% with comparable store sales plus 30.5%, driven by a comparable transaction count increase of 14.6% and a comparable average ticket increase of 15.8%. Diluted earnings per share grew 61% to $2.90. And e-commerce saw significant growth, strong triple-digit growth and increased significantly as a percentage of our overall sales. The work we did in the quarter to improve our e-commerce capabilities has certainly resonated with our customers.
Kurt will walk you through greater details on the quarter and our outlook and walk you through some more numbers here in a moment when I turn it over to him. But I thought now what I'd do is shift to some operational highlights. 
During the second quarter, we announced several strategic investments in our team members who are at the heart of our relationship with our customers. Early responses to the pandemic included paid sick leave and expanded benefits and appreciation bonuses. Totaling -- the benefits and appreciation bonuses totaled $35 million in Q2. And then as we progressed through the quarter, it became clear that we were moving to a new normal, really operating for the foreseeable future with COVID-19, and I'll talk more about that later. And so consequently, we made the decision to permanently enhance our compensation and benefits, including wage increases across all of our stores and distribution centers of a minimum $1 per hour for all hourly team members. In addition to the wage increases, more than 2,000 frontline managers at our stores and distribution centers are now receiving annual restricted stock units with the goal of helping fuel their entrepreneurial spirit and allowing them to benefit in the company's long-term success. We also took the opportunity to ensure we're supporting the health and wellness of our team members. And what we did was we chose to offer health care and benefits to our part-time team members. We are committed to investing in our team members as we believe they are a key competitive differentiator with our customers.
Operating in elevated comps for 13 weeks presents a number of challenges. During the second quarter, we added over 5,000 net new team members, primarily across our stores and distribution centers. These team members were critical in our ability to service our customers at these elevated volumes. Also, to facilitate our distribution network's capacity, we opened a new mixing center in Florida. And also, we work closely with our vendor partners. They've been key contributors to our success and supported our supply chain with speed and nimbleness. We'd like to express our sincere appreciation for their collaboration and support of our mutual customers. Our focus remains on working together to ensure we remain in stock for merchandising categories that make us the dependable supplier for products that our customers need to support their lifestyle.
During the quarter, we rolled out curbside pickup, same day, next-day delivery, relaunched our website. And in early July, we rolled out our new mobile app. And we've seen acceleration in adoption rates of technology initiatives with multiple years of consumer adoption being compressed into 10 or 12 weeks' time. Our e-commerce results were impressive with triple-digit growth increases. And this triple-digit growth increase included buy online and pickup in-store orders. This sharp acceleration in consumer shopping preferences is becoming ingrained in our customers' behaviors. And we're fostering this relationship in a digital way through frequent communications, whether it's digital marketing or in e-mail, and we're accelerating our focus on the transformation of our digital platforms and services. We have an opportunity to create deeper customer relationships of scale, and we're laser-focused on that opportunity.
Speaking of customers, during the quarter, another investment we made was in our brand-building initiatives. Given the current dynamic, we capitalized on the opportunity to shift our marketing spend, which had been traditionally print media, to more digital and national TV. And notably, we launched our first national advertising campaign in over a decade. We launched the initial campaign in March during the early weeks of the COVID pandemic. And the campaign has continued to evolve. And what we're working on is matching the country's mood and the cycle of the pandemic, and we've done 5 different commercials in the last 4 months. Our most recent TV ad has been focused on reinforcing Tractor Supply as a safe and convenient place to shop for all you need for your summer out here.
Our research indicates that our unaided brand awareness and Tractor Supply being in the consideration set for shopping trips are both increasing. More importantly, we had our customers shop -- we had more customers shop with us than ever before as we experienced robust growth in our customer base with increased sales across existing customers, new customers and re-acquired customers. And so what I thought I'd do is to share with you 5 kind of key observations of our customer behaviors based on the market data and research that we have.
So the first observation I'll mention is we're growing trips and our customers are spending -- and our existing customers are spending more with us. Our core customers, our existing customers are shopping more frequently and their baskets are larger as we benefit from their trip consolidation. And these customers are shopping more categories from us than they ever have before. And we've finished the quarter with close to 17 million Neighbor's Club members. 
The second observation I'll share is that we're gaining new customers at the fastest rate in the history of the company.  For the second quarter, we saw 3.3 million identifiable new customers, and that represents almost over a 14% year-over-year increase. 
The third observation is that we're reengaging our lapsed customers, and they're returning to shop with us at a higher rate than ever before. For the quarter, we reactivated almost 2 million customers, which was an increase of 42% year-over-year. 
The fourth observation that I'll share is that the new customers we're acquiring as compared to our core customers, they're skewing younger, higher income and closer to 50% female, which is an increase of 10 percentage points compared to our historical trends of 60% male. 
And the fifth and last observation that I'll share is that the new customers are becoming repeat customers at the fastest rate ever. This is at a time when our overall customer satisfaction scores are at an all-time high. We believe key aspects to our customer service such as being a convenient place to shop, a tailored lifestyle-oriented product category, our legendary customer service and our strong in-stock levels are important to keep these new customers engaged with our brands. That's what's attracting them to us. Notably, purchasing patterns for our new and reengaged customers are very similar to our existing customer behaviors and product category engagement. 
Looking ahead, we know our opportunity is to capitalize on these trends and to nurture these customers and to gain market share. And we have strong plans in place to retain these customers with marketing and product offerings, continuation of our national advertising campaign, but robust digital onboarding CRM tool kits are being executed.
Taking a step back from our Q2 results and actions, I want to share broadly what we're seeing from a macro perspective. Key trends we're seeing that are working to our favor include rural revitalization, trip consolidation, omnichannel adoption, self-reliant lifestyle movement, including DIY trends; consumer spending shifting from travel and entertainment that kind of trapped spend is now being spent on home and land; and of course, pet adoptions, they're at an all-time high. 
In addition, we believe our business benefited from the government stimulus and activity that helped bolster the economy. And while we're not planning for this government stimulus activity to continue, many of the other trends I mentioned, such as pet adoption and trip consolidation and rural revitalization, we definitely expect those to continue and to be prevalent with our customers over the next few quarters.
Speaking of that, as we look ahead, we believe many of these consumer behaviors that we saw over the last 3 or 4 months are going to continue in the second half, but there's going to be some nuances and some differences. For instance, we expect -- we definitely expect consumers to still be very in tune with their land and their homes. It is their safe oasis. But the things that they will do will be different. As an example, in the spring, customers were buying lawnmowers and kayaks and working in their yard on their fencing and their gates. And we think in the fall, some of that will continue, but instead of lawnmowers and kayaks, they're going to shift to buying things like patio heaters and firewood and fire pits, but they're still going to be working on their land and on their homes. They're also going to continue to do things that are more outdoor related, but are fall and winter oriented, such as things like raking leaves and winterizing their gardens. Overall, we believe there will be a higher level of category participation in the fall and the winter categories, just like there was in the spring, it's just going to be different, and it will be higher than it's been in the past, and we believe that's going to continue into the second half.
Now looking at even further, while we can't predict the future and there is a significant amount of uncertainty, our team is operating under the premise that we will still be dealing with the pandemic in the first half of next year. We're buying to that assumption, and we're orienting our planning around that assumption. Over the past few months, we have navigated unprecedented conditions. We believe that our purposeful actions will allow us to emerge from it stronger and better than ever before. We have an opportunity to create and define our future and extend our leadership for years to come. 
And with that, I'll turn now the call over to Kurt to review the quarter in more depth and our outlook before I come back to give some insights on our strategic growth initiatives and other drivers of Q3.

Thanks, Kurt. Let's look ahead. Look, as we think about our business, we have a unique opportunity to capitalize on the powerful customer trends that we're benefiting from now and to retain the record number of new and reengaged customers we're seeing. And our goal is to capitalize on our ability to drive sales and higher productivity. Our financial strength allows us to stay focused on the long term, creating an even greater competitive advantage as we're investing to fuel long-term growth. We continue to operate from a position of strength. And we're laying the groundwork for the future. And so today, we're excited to introduce 2 new strategic initiatives that are being implemented across all stores within the company. The first is the build-out of our field activity support team, and that's focused on improving the productivity of in-store execution. And the second is the expansion of several technology and service enhancements to capitalize on consumer expectations.
Turning to the field activity support team. This initiative is designed to improve our merchandising activities in store, which represents the second largest body of work for our team members. This initiative builds on the successful rollout last year of The Tractor Way program, which addressed the largest area of work in our stores, the receiving and stocking of merchandise. 
And kind of stepping back, more broadly, our goal is to improve the productivity of our store payroll. And we want to shift hours away from tasking to customer-facing and keep finding ways to be as efficient as possible in what we do in tasking, so that way we can drive customer-facing hours. And this is a very common retail approach. And so the work of the FAST team includes executing a merchandising programs like center court, End Caps, planogram resets, seasonal programs and sales driving initiatives. The FAST team, as mentioned, will allow the store teams to spend more time on customer service, help them improve their in-store execution and ultimately lead to higher comparable store sales. These teams are in the process of ramping up, and we're hiring more than 1,500 FAST team members with 1 FAST team per district. These teams will be in the stores starting in August, and the goal is for each FAST team to be in every store every week. And each team -- and the focus of the team will be to improve store-specific measures and address sales driving activity. Over time, we would anticipate that these teams will receive support from our vendor partners, which is common in the industry, as the work is directly related to the on-shelf execution of their product. And also the FAST team has the potential to help drive store-level efficiencies as the teams ramp up.
This type of dedicated team is a proven strategy of cross-sectors of retail, in particular so -- and they've been proven to drive customer satisfaction rates and sales, and they'll allow the store teams to prioritize customer service and continue to drive productivity through your labor in the store to get very efficient on your tasking.
Our second initiative is building on our technology and services capabilities. And this includes the rollout of contactless payment in the quarter, expansion of our in-store WiFi capabilities, enhanced ship-from-store online fulfillment and increased delivery capabilities. Within the last few weeks, we had a soft launch of our new mobile app that allows for greater customer convenience and integration with our Neighbor's Club. We will begin to communicate more about the app to our customers in the upcoming weeks. We know mobile access is important to our customers, and our new app makes shopping easier and more convenient. 
In addition, we're expanding our ship-from-store capabilities. We're adding subscriptions at the point-of-sale in our stores and implementing contactless payments at the registers in our stores. Further, we're substantially increasing wireless access in our stores as we move from 2 access points in each store to 5 access points at each store. This is all tied to supporting contactless payments and our mobile point-of-sale hardware that we doubled the capacity of earlier this year.
Our technology capabilities are becoming a strategic advantage for Tractor Supply. In addition to these 2 chain-wide activities, we are focused on driving our -- we're also focused on driving our space -- of driving space productivity across our stores. The first initiative that we'd like to talk about today is driving the productivity of our side lot. Typically, there's as much space outside of our stores in the side lot as we have inside the store. And the productivity of this space is substantially below the chain average. Our ability to drive higher sales per square foot through reworking of the side lot is in progress, and we're beginning some tests right now here in the third quarter. 
In total, we'll do about 75 stores this year in terms of transformation of our side lots. And we have the ability to transform our side lot with expanded product offerings in select categories, enhancing the shopping experience of categories that are already out there. And it can be offered to -- it can be leveraged to offer a wider product assortment in select categories, enter new categories and also offer the convenience through the expansion of buy online, pick up in store and really what it will become is buy online, drive through for pickup. This transformation can help us continue to keep our customers engaged at Tractor Supply and take our customer experience to the next level.
During the third quarter, we will also begin testing a new interior space productivity program for our mature stores. Project fusion is our state-of-the-art space productivity program designed to enhance the customer experience in our mature store base and give new customers that may not have shopped with us in the past more reasons to visit. Much like the FAST teams, space productivity programs of mature stores have proven -- have been proven across retail concepts to drive higher sales per square foot when deployed from a consumer's point of view. An active space productivity program is also important to protect the brand image of the Tractor Supply. 
Similar to our side lot test, we anticipate completing about 75 fusion stores in 2020, and there will be some overlap between the 2 pilots. Given the size of our store base, both of these efforts are a multiyear opportunity to continue to refresh our store base, create new shopping categories for our customers and further drive comp sales.
As we look ahead, we have a robust new product innovation pipeline. One key introduction is the addition of power tools from Makita, a brand known for their reputation for high-quality power tools. In companion animal, we have a significant reset of our dog food offerings occurring right now here in August. This reset will reallocate space for winning brands, along with exclusive and new brand introductions. This will also allow for the expansion of our exclusive line with Miranda Lambert's MuttNation On The Farm and the addition of the Victor dog food. Our customers have been asking us to carry the Victor brand for quite some time, and we're excited to add it to our dog food offering. We will be the first national retailer of Victor. Victor dog food launches -- is online available today with a limited SKU offering, and you can start to see the product, and it's currently rolling out in our stores right now.
Across all parts of the store, we had exciting products for the fall and winter as we adapt to serving our customers in the current environment. Our stores will be ready for the change of seasons as we begin to move into fall. 
On the marketing front, we're excited to announce our partnership with Turner Sports during the coverage of the upcoming restart of the NBA season. We will be very visible throughout the season with our Stronger Together ad campaign that launched on Tuesday. To wrap up, we're focused on our ability to improve the execution in our stores, enhance our legendary service and transform our stores to make them even more productive and more compelling to our customers. Product innovation and category expansions play a key role in driving our space productivity improvements. 
Our technology enhancements and service offering expansions are reflective of the macro trends we're experiencing, and we believe this is a structural shift that will be going on for a long time. Despite the current operating backdrop in the U.S., we have confidence that our strategy and execution will allow us to continue to build a stronger Tractor Supply. 
I and the rest of the team remain confident that Tractor Supply will emerge from the pandemic a stronger and larger company. My sincere appreciation goes out to each and every one of our more than 38,000 team members for their dedication to our mission and values.
And with that, operator, we'd like to open -- we'd like to now open the lines for questions.

Kate, absolutely. Thanks for the question. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, operating at kind of 20%, 25%, 30% comps plus for 13-plus weeks puts some strains on the business that we've not seen historically and really proud of how the team worked through all those challenges to meet the needs of our customers. And inventory has certainly been one of those challenges. And we've taken a number of actions to lean into that in terms of increasing our visibility of forecast with our vendors, obviously increasing receipts and working very closely with them, and in a minute I will ask Seth to talk a little bit more about our vendor interactions. But what I'd say is we would like to have more inventory in our stores. We would like our inventory levels to be -- in-stock levels to be higher right now. And we are working very closely with our vendors to do that. In many cases, we're selling product right when it comes off the back of a truck. As an example, we are I think the largest seller of stock tanks in the United States.  We are selling close to $2,500 of those a week. Our manufacturer is able to make $3,000 a week. So as soon as we get a truck, they hit the floor or hit the outside in the side lot. And we've got will calls and our customers taking them immediately off the lot. And so, again, we wish we had more inventory. We're very focused on getting more in our stores. We're very focused on getting our in-stock levels, and we're working very closely with our vendors on that. And I'll turn it over to Seth to maybe just make a few more comments on that front.

Yes. So we're monitoring repeat purchase rates of all of our new customers and our reacquired customers. It's a regular muscle and analytical skills that we have set up. It was part of all the work the team did in Q1 of this year and into Q4 last year as we migrated the platform to Microsoft Azure, and we're able to leverage the analytical tool set that comes along with that. And what we are seeing is that we're continuing to see strong new customer counts, we're continuing to see strong reacquired customer counts and we're seeing them shop with us a second and third time at a higher rate than they have historically with us. And those trends have been very consistent from the early days of the pandemic up until now. And as I mentioned, they've had a -- early on, there were probably slightly more rural. I'd say now it's -- or slightly more suburban. Now it's kind of moderating. It's kind of reasonably mix between suburban and rural. It does have a tendency to be a little more female, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And then online, whether it's direct ship sales or buy online, pickup in store with curbside pickup, does over penetrate some with those new customers. But they're giving us a strong customer satisfaction scores. And in their surveys, they're saying they intend to repeat shopping with us. And then in their actions, they are continuing to shop with us as well. And our aspiration is to invest significantly in digital and national marketing as well as specifically in the -- in our CRM toolkit to continue to engage those customers. And of course, that's one of the reasons we hired 5,000 new team members this quarter, net new team members, was to provide that legendary customer service that we're known for and ensuring that we can serve effectively the increased counts of customers we have in our stores.

Great question. And I don't think I've got the crystal ball in front of me on that one. But what I can -- and I would acknowledge just the wide range of uncertainties over the next 18 to 24 months, but I'll reference -- I'll start by referencing what we talked about in our prepared remarks is that we're planning for the COVID-19 pandemic to be a significant factor in the United States and in consumer shopping behavior, at least through the middle of next year. And we're bind to that. We're building our assortment plans around that, and we're putting in place our operational plans to support that. 
As we look beyond that, that's where we're -- that's why we're talking about growth initiatives today. We truly are focused on emerging as a stronger company than we entered this pandemic. And we're going to -- we're investing in things like our FAST team to make us more operationally efficient, we're investing in technology to make us easier to do business with, and importantly, we're looking at our format and our store and saying, how do we make it more productive. And for those of you that have followed our business for quite some time, it's been a while since we've gone on a strong space productivity improvement initiative inside of our stores. And we're very -- it's early days, but we like what we see in terms of the initial actions we're taking on the space productivity program, project fusion in our stores, and we're doing 75 of those this year. And then the side lot has always been a -- I think, by all accounts, a big opportunity for us. We've got anywhere between 15,000 to 20,000 square feet in our side lot. It's kind of concrete slab. Typically, it just holds most of our agricultural products out there. And you think about a lot of other retailers that have a similar side lot and how much more efficient they use that. And so we've got 75 stores that we're standing up this year that radically, radically transform our side lot. And our goal is to see how those 2 different 75 store tests play out as we get through the fall. And then more to come from us on how we would expand that into next year and the years beyond. And like I said, we're investing in from a position of strength right now. We're not sitting on our laurels. We want to lock in these new customers. We want to transform our business, make it a more attractive company to retail to come shop at and also a more efficient retailer as well. And so at this point in time, I'm not sure I could predict the comp for Q3 of next year, but what I can tell you is we're leaning in to make sure that as we exit the pandemic that we've taken all the time we have here to make our company a better company exiting the pandemic.

Yes. So we're not prepared to talk about targets and what we think our goals are yet. We've got these 75 stores in each of the pilots that we're standing up here in the fall. And as we get more data and see the performance of those, we'll certainly share that as appropriate. What I would say is both of them are -- both of the tests are step changes in the company's value proposition and in our format. And notably, in the -- inside the store, it's a significant step forward in how we allocate space, cutting in new programs and new categories and brands, more room for lay down areas to bulk out product and drive sales. And much more clarity around the connectivity of aisles and looking at all -- every SKU has to earn its way. Every program has to earn its way into the store. And Seth and the team have just done a fantastic job in leveraging data to really redefine what that store should look like. 
The side lot is a -- it's hard to express [indiscernible] the way the radical transformation. You were basically taking the 15,000 square feet that we have there now, shifting it over to compressing it to about 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 square feet through racking that kind of merchandise this product. If you walked our store, you'll see stock tanks, you'll see corals, you'll see gates. And typically, a lot of times, they're laying on the floor bundled together. We're now putting these up and racking. We're now merchandising that they're shoppable. We're opening up the drive-throughs with automatic gates that allow customers to drive through and pick up. We're looking at certain categories like garden. We're looking at feed and how you drive through and do drive-through pickup on feed. We also selected high-volume buy online, pick up in store orders, so you can do drive through buy online, pick up in store, you don't have to wait out front for it. We're dedicating staffing for outside. We're putting new Theatro headsets in all of the stores. So that, that way, our team members can talk to each other and manage what will be really, in essence, move from a 15,000 to 18,000 square foot store to a 30,000 to 35,000 square foot store. The side lot will now be covered going forward, much like what you might see in some of the more larger mass and home center stores. So it is a significantly different store than it was before when we were done with these productivity program rollouts. And we're very excited about the opportunity. It gives us an opportunity to really transform the productivity of the outside to bring new categories in. Seth was very involved and kind of led our CUE transformation in 2009, and we think this has an opportunity to serve as another step change for us going forward.

There will be some modest SKU count, but certainly, those additionals -- that would be more reflective of the outdoor area, where we've got new square footage that we're merchandising. But we're still very focused on space productivity and inventory productivity. But there will be some add of SKUs and some add of inventory to support those higher sales volumes that we're anticipating.

Yes. So let me kind of hit a few of those. First off, we are working methodically through the core tasks that we put on our stores and looking to make them more efficient such that we can shift those hours to customer-facing. And as you mentioned, that's been a program that's tried and true and been executed across many other retailers very successfully. We started that last year with the Tractor Way program. That is our #1 task that we ask our team members to do is to receive a truck and get the product to the shelves. And we implemented with technology and with process, a significantly improved approach to that. The next biggest task that we had is the merchandising activity that happens in our stores, whether it's seasonal resets, End Cap executions, what we call [ FCIs ], which are resets of certain categories at the completion of the line review, et cetera. And that's our second largest activity. And as you know, right now, we use existing labor in our stores to execute that. It's again, tried and true across retail. When you could aggregate a team and have them focused solely on those executions and those tasks, they are efficient, you get more efficient because they're putting together -- they're doing the same reset across 15, 20 stores at a time. You also get more efficient in your processes and your systems to drive that execution, whether it's the way you build your planograms, whether it's the way that you load your product on the -- as it comes into the store on pallets and gets set aside, et cetera. And so we are very committed to just driving tasks down in our stores, making it more efficient and shifting it to our customer service. And this is all about how do we make our company more productive, how do we continue  to make our company all resources count. As it relates to the funding for those headcounts, as you said, it is very common in the industry for the vendors to support that sort of program, and I was kind of implying that in my remarks because the activities are directly related to the on-shelf execution of those vendors' programs. We have a vendor conference in a month, and this is one of the discussion points we'll be having with them. And then also, over time, as our stores get more efficient in their tasking, I do think there's opportunity for our payroll to be more efficient in the stores as well. So in the long term, while we have some incremental investment we're making in this team in Q3 and it will slide a little bit into Q4, in the long term, we think this cost is transitory, not structural.

Yes. It's a little bit of both, Scott. So we all read the same data sets on kind of about mobile data and seeing where people are in the United States, and you're seeing less density of mobile data in cities, and you're seeing more density in suburbia and even more density than past in rural. And when we look at our customers and these new customers and reacquired customers, we're seeing that. It's people have left the cities where we don't have stores. They're moving into suburbans -- they're moving out of the suburbs, so they're moving out to the rural communities. They're embracing the Out Here lifestyle some, and they're shopping Tractor Supply because we are that lifestyle. 
And then for the customer -- but we also are gaining share with customers that are already out here, so to speak. And I think it's coming from a -- and it's coming from a variety of places. So -- and I'll head into the categories, just to give you some examples. So in apparel, where our sales have been strong, as we said, all categories were double-digit comping. We think that we are benefiting from trip consolidation there. Instead of customers going to a stand-alone apparel or retailer and they get about that 1 or 2 items and do they really want to kind of take on that kind of safety kind of element, they're coming into Tractor Supply. They're already going to be in there to buy maybe pet food or animal feed, and they're picking up their clothes while they're in there or boots or any other item that we have in the apparel area. 
Then you think about pet, all-time high pet adoption, a lot of new customers in the market or maybe customers that used to shop for pet food in say Mars. Our store being 15,000 to 18,000 square feet with a big focus on safety, and we've been very vocal about that. I think we're a kind of convenient location. We're probably -- and many of our customers, in fact, our #1 customer shopping criteria when we do our survey results right now is safety and cleanliness. And we have leaned into that from our actions and then also in our marketing. And so we think we're capturing some of that share, where just people are more comfortable coming into our store. And then you go around on pet feed. There, we think we're taking share from some of our farm and ranch competitors, who maybe are having more difficulty getting access to product right now. As you all know, some of the co-op chains are maybe having a little more of a struggle. And we think this is where the scale of Tractor Supply and being the size that we are and the connections that we have with our vendors, as Seth talked about earlier, really allows us to stay in stock and service that essential retailer for those customers. And we've been very focused, as Kurt was mentioning earlier on, everyday low price. Our pricing in pet food and animal feed right now is as sharp as it's ever been. 
And then you go all the way around into garden. And we think we've gained a lot of share in garden this year. And it's been a great spring. But we think even in the context of that spring, we've gained a lot of share. And I think that speaks again to our format. I think the merchandising team did a great job setting ourselves up for garden this year. We are planning on taking a big swing in that category this year. And it really worked out well for us as customers said, "hey, I'd rather really go to a 13,000, 15,000, 18,000 square foot store, where I feel comfortable going in, I can get in and out quickly, usually a standalone parking lot, not an overwhelmed parking lot." And the products that we have in our stores are equivalent to really what the other options they have elsewhere. So it's a little bit of both, new customers, existing customers, and on existing customers, I think we're taking it from many of the places you would think they would have historically shopped. The last thing I'll mention is online. We've been aggressive online. We mentioned the triple-digit online growth that we had this quarter. And we think we're holding our own and taking share online as well from whether it's multichannel players or from e-commerce only.

Yes, Matt, and thanks for the question. Yes, I'd say, 2 things I would say on that. First off, in March, in mid-March, when we had kind of our meet and greet up in New York, we did talk about space productivity. And I'd say that was kind of early days thinking, if you recall that we were sharing with you and saying we thought this was an opportunity and we were going to go start to take -- put plans in place to attack the opportunity. The first thing I'd say is just outstanding work by Seth and his team and John Ordus and his team and our construction team. We're in the midst of a pandemic, and we're doing all this activity to support our team members, all this activity to drive the business in the midst of it. They're also putting in place plans to address base productivity strategically and look out 18 months, 2 years, 3 years. So first off, I'd say we didn't really have a road map in place in March when we talked about it. It was more of an idea. And over the last 3 to 4 months, the team has kind of not only walked and chewed gum at the same time but jumped rope and pulled together what I think is a very compelling, a potentially transformative plan for the company. The second thing I'd say is we are leaning into those tests in a more aggressive way, given the strength of our business right now though we might have otherwise. We're doing 75 of each one of those stores, which is a pretty aggressive swing for a pilot, but that just demonstrates the bullishness that we have in the solution and also the speed at which we want to execute once we get the data sets out of the pilots.