Thank you, Mary Winn, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. On behalf of Tractor Supply, I'd like to extend our deepest sympathies and support to our communities and team members impacted by Hurricane Ian. Our store teams, our distribution centers and the store support center have done a tremendous job supporting our customers and communities during this tragic time. The team's dedication at times like this helps make us the dependable supplier our customers can count on. 
I'm thrilled to report that just over a week ago on October 12, we closed on the transaction to acquire Orscheln Farm and Home. We welcome the Orscheln team to Tractor Supply. We're very pleased with the 81 high-quality locations that will be converted to Tractor Supply over the next 15 months. 
While agreeing to the remedy with the FTC took longer than we anticipated, the outcome is in line with our expectations. We are committed to providing customers in the Midwest region with an expanded product assortment, a meaningful loyalty offering and enhanced digital shopping experience and so much more that Tractor Supply is able to offer. 
Two years have passed since COVID emerged in the United States. With this quarter's results, we have now posted 10 consecutive quarters of exceptional sales growth. And from my perspective, the highlight of this impressive track record continues to be the consistency of our results and the broad-based strength of our performance. Our 3-year comp sales stack in the third quarter was approximately 46%, in line with the second quarter. And including new stores, our overall revenue growth on a 3-year basis has increased 65%. 
Our addressable market continues to benefit from numerous secular trends that we believe are structurally sound. Additionally, by all measures, we are gaining substantial share in our market. We've had tens of millions of new customers shop us the past 3 years. We've retained the majority of these customers and have a substantial portion have become active members of our Neighbor's Club program. 
I commend the team for stepping up to every challenge that has come at us over this time period. They've done a tremendous job, maintaining their focus on the factors that we can control and all the while expanding our competitive moat through the advancement of our life outdoor strategy. 
We continue to operate in an ever-changing and challenging macro environment. We can beta for a new recession, but from our view, real economic growth in the near to medium term remain flattish and tepid. 
On the positive side, a great sign is that we're seeing moderation in supply chain bottlenecks. However, inflation remains persistent and elevated and we anticipate this to continue well into 2023 with some moderation in the back half of 2023. At the same time, the labor market continues to remain very constrained, and we expect that this will remain the case for the foreseeable future, particularly on the front line. And as we move into next year, the labor market will be a key determiner of our country's ability to return our economy to sustainable conditions. 
Turning to our third quarter performance. The Tractor Supply team delivered another quarter of record results, with net sales of 8.4% growth. Comparable store sales increased 5.7% and diluted earnings per share of $2.10. Our business continues to be incredibly resilient, and the quarter unfolded much like we anticipated. 
Now let's go through some of the highlights for the quarter. Our comparable store sales growth was driven by strong ticket growth of 7%, partially offset by a transaction count decline of 1.3%. As we shared entering the quarter, we anticipated that the drought would take some of the upside potential off our sales performance, and that was exactly how the quarter played out. By our estimation, less favorable weather negatively impacted our comp sales by about 150 basis points. As the drought and the heat conditions abated, we exited the quarter with strong momentum. 
All months of the quarter comped positive. August comp sales were stronger than July and September was the strongest month of the quarter, and we had flat comp transactions in the month of September. E-commerce achieved sales growth in the high single digits, and we continue to build out our ONETractor capabilities. 
During the quarter, we added an app feature such as My Pet and upgraded our in-store mode. And we also rolled out inventory quantity visibility at the store level across all our digital properties. For the sixth consecutive quarter, we continued to see our consumable, usable and edible products outperform our overall comp sales results. And this is the third consecutive quarter for 2, to run at about 3x the rate of our overall comp sales performance. 
This strong performance was driven by dry dog food and feed for poultry, equine and wild birds. C.U.E. continues to be one of our structural advantages. And these products represent the strength of our core business and what drives trips and footsteps into our stores. 
Our outperformance in year-round categories offset the declines in our late spring-summer seasonal product and big-ticket categories. We continue to gain share across all our categories, both in-store and online. Our Neighbor's Club membership this quarter exceeded 27 million members, and it represented nearly 75% of our sales for the quarter. Neighbor's Club continued to successfully help migrate customers up in their spending with us. And during the quarter, we reached an all-time high in high-value customers.
In August, we rebranded Petsense to Petsense by Tractor Supply. In August, we also rolled out the Neighbor's Club program to Petsense by Tractor Supply stores. This expansion will deepen relationships with our existing customers and help attract new pet customers to both banners. And while it's early, we're very pleased with our customers' response to these initiatives, with our Neighbor's Club membership already representing over 35% of sales at Petsense. 
For the third consecutive quarter, our overall customer satisfaction scores hit a new all-time high as we continue to invest in our team to provide best-in-class customer service. 
We ended the quarter with our inventory in great shape. As we said many times, if anything, we'd like to have more inventory. And we're now working hard to grow inventory in targeted categories to improve our in-stock position and serve as that dependable supplier for our customers. We continue to stay true to our EDLP roots, and our promotional activity in the third quarter was below the prior year's third quarter. 
We've made significant progress in our Life Out Here strategy. We now have over 500 stores that are in our Project Fusion layout and our Garden Center transformation is now active in over 260 locations. We continue to be pleased with the strategic benefits and financial returns of these store-level investments. Given our performance through the third quarter, our acquisition of Orscheln Farm and Home and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our sales and earning guidance for 2022. Kurt will share more details on our improved outlook later in the call. 
Stepping back, Tractor Supply is a unique, highly differentiated retailer. Our resilient need-based business model has a proven history of growing through very economic conditions. Our customers and team members are dedicated to the Out Here Lifestyle, and they prioritize it as it is their authentic lifestyle. Our customers over-index as homeowners, landowners, pet owners and animal owners. We believe that the structural macro trends that have been benefiting us are long-term and sustainable. And as the market leader, we have substantial advantages and continue to gain share. The investment in our Life Out Here strategy is reaching critical mass and furthering our competitive advantage. 
Simply said, Tractor Supply has never been stronger. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kurt.

Thanks, Kurt. Tractor Supply is a business with momentum. As our customers prepare for cooler temperatures and the calendar shift to the fall and winter season, our stores are ready for the change. From key categories like heating and insulated apparel, our merchants have brought newness with compelling value. In our C.U.E. categories, we have the right selection and are in stock as we continue to support our customers' lifestyles.
This year, we expanded our Halloween and harvest decor program with a great lineup to capitalize on our customers' love of decorating their homes with seasonal indoor and outdoor decor. With more than 260 garden centers, we're showcasing the fall harvest season with everything from pumpkins [ demand ] and we'll be ready for the transition to the Christmas holiday season with an expanded offering of outdoor decorations. 
Despite the economic outlook, we are optimistic about holiday-related sales. From the calendar perspective, it's a good setup with 30 days this year between Thanksgiving and Christmas, with Christmas falling on a Sunday. We have a strong day-after-Thanksgiving game plan and compelling offers planned throughout the season. 
Given the increasing financial constraints facing American consumers, we're excited in the coming weeks to introduce the Tractor Supply Visa Credit Card. This new co-brand credit card will help our consumers earn more on their everyday purchases, both in-store and anywhere Visa's accepted. With the Tractor Supply Visa card, customers receive access to all the perks from the private label TSC Personal Credit Card that they have such as 5% rewards on Tractor Supply purchases or special financing on purchases at $199 and up, but they also will receive 3% in rewards on gas station, grocery and vet purchases and 1% in rewards on all other purchases. 
And all consumer card members with Tractor Supply received Neighbor's Club Preferred Plus benefits. This is exciting progress on our journey to driving sales, building loyalty and adding more value to our Neighbor's Club membership and reducing tender expense through our credit offerings. 2022 is shaping up to be another great year for Tractor Supply. With one quarter to go, we are on track to achieve several monumental milestones in the growth of our company, including annual revenues in excess of $14 billion, a store base of over 2,100 Tractor Supply locations and a highly engaged workforce of 50,000-plus team members. 
That said, we are not resting on our laurels. We have robust plans in place for 2023 to continue on our Life Out Here strategic journey. As we enter the new year, the transformation of our business has significant momentum. Investments such as Neighbor's Club, our FAST program and our mobile app are at scale on providing dividends. Our store investments are reaching scale. And we have compelling new growth vectors such as the integration of Orscheln and many other opportunities on the list. 
With a healthy total addressable market of $180 billion, Tractor Supply is well positioned to continue to gain market share while fulfilling our purpose as a company. As we enter one of the busiest periods in retail, my thanks and sincere appreciation go to each of our 50,000-plus Tractor Supply team members for their dedication to our mission and values. 
And with that, operator, we'd now like to open the line for questions.

Liz, thanks for joining the call. I think we're doing an excellent job on navigating inventory and managing it. We don't feel like we're leaving any sales on the table because of it. But I think we are, at times, incurring some higher cost to run the inventory through our supply chain than we might otherwise. And also just on the labor side, having to work the back room a little bit more frequently than normal. The team has done an excellent job on it. 
But if you look at kind of weeks of supply and kind of pallet load quantities, we would be looking to continue to add inventory in our core C.U.E. businesses. As we talked about, this is the third consecutive quarter where our C.U.E. business has performed at 3x the chain average. Dry dog food running well above 20%, comps and other fee categories running very strong as well. 
And so it's just all about keeping up with the customer and then building our supply chain for the future to make sure that we can continue to move these billions and billions of pounds of food and feed that we do every year and maintain as low a cost as possible. We're very excited about our Navarre, Ohio DC opening up early next year. That'll give us a little more streamlined supply chain and capacity to continue to serve our customers in Life Out Here.

Yes. Peter, and thanks for joining the call today. Good to talk with you. We feel very confident in our ability to deliver 2023 and continue to deliver on our long-term targets. If you look at the consistency of our business this year with a 5.1%, 5.5%, 5.7% comp, a strong outlook for Q4 very consistent in an economy this year that you would argue really is stagflation kind of flattish, real growth, high single-digit inflation. 
And as we look towards next year, our expectation, it will be much of the same. What I would say -- and consequently, our business will be able to continue to be -- will continue to be very resilient and stable. 
And the other thing I would add is, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, I mean many of our investments are just now starting to reach significant scale, and we expect that they will pay substantive dividends next year. We're now at over 500 stores and our Fusion layout, seeing very strong results there. Many of those will be comping for the first time next year. 
Same thing on Garden Centers, 26. Many of those came online just at the beginning of this year. We expect they will, just like we saw in the first-year class, they will have a new store kind of maturity curve-like sales growth. And so we expect really strong results out of those garden centers as we head into next year. 
We've gotten much better at rolling out our remodel programs, and we've got a number of Garden Centers queued up for implementation and execution before we get to spring of next year. So we feel like the economy is stable. We -- our outlook on the economy is not much different than what it is right now. We expect our business to continue to be very resilient and allow us to deliver our long-term target. 
And as I said, our life out here strategic initiatives are really reaching scale now and the benefits that we've talked about are starting to kind of really add up across our store base.

Yes. Scott, it's good to talk to you today, and thanks for joining the call. The vet clinics are a core part of our Fusion kind of menu. And as we go in to execute a Fusion store, we look at the existing mobile clinic activity. And if it warrants, given the frequency of business and the customer count, if it warrants a stand-alone vet clinic, we are putting those in. And they've been very successful and are just really another value-added feature to support our pet business. 
As we talked about, our -- we are gaining substantial share in pet. For the last handful of quarters, we've run 10 to 15 points above the market growth rate in pet. And even as you're hearing others talk about the pet business starting to moderate, we aren't seeing that at all in our business, and it's because we're gaining substantial share. That share gain starts with the core basics of great customer service, in-stock, the right price, strong private label brands, but then it's certainly augmented with our other offerings, whether it's pet wash, whether it's the vet clinics and our Rx solutions, which are available online. 
And the pet business is a strong source of growth for us, and we expect it will continue to be as we go forward.

Yes. Steve, thanks for the call and the question. We continue to be very pleased with our Neighbor's Club program. And more broadly, our customer relationship management that we've had over the last 3 years that the Neighbor's Club rollout that we did nearly 2 years ago now, 1.5 years ago now has exceeded our expectations. 
We've had tens of millions of new customers shop us over the last 3 years. And the majority of those customers continue to shop at Tractor Supply. And a majority of those that have continued to shop at Tractor Supply have also joined our Neighbor's Club program and been a big driver of our membership growth. 
As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we had the highest level of high-value customers this quarter that we've ever had. And a lot of those are new customers that have grown with us over the last 2 and 3 years. And as we gain new customers also in '21 and '22, they are following that kind of continued kind of above historical average performance, both in their kind of average purchase sizes in a year, their frequency of purchase with us and also the expanding number of categories that they're shopping with us also.
I think this has been a big area of success for us and it's really what's been able to create that foundation for us to have held the 65% growth in sales we've had over the last 3 quarters -- I mean last 3 years. And you think about a lot of other businesses that had similar new customer growth that have given back much of that growth. 
And that's not been the case with us. I mean, we firmly believe that the secular trends that have benefited us had been -- are structurally sound, that the share gains we've gained are structurally sound and a lot of it has to do with our very sophisticated CRM capabilities that are far and away kind of best-in-class overall in retail and certainly in our market.

Yes. We had -- we exited -- as we mentioned, September was our strongest month of the quarter, outperformed relative to the overall average, obviously, and had flat comp transactions. It has -- we have had that momentum continue and even a little bit more coming into the fourth quarter here. 
It's certainly been cooler weather for the first month of the quarter here. And that's driven nice heating sales and insulated outerwear sales and heating fuel sales. As you know, some big businesses for us in the fourth quarter are propane and wood pellets. And just given the high energy costs that are out there, the cooler weather that's already begun, the angst that our consumers have around inflation, some of the concerns around how European energy prices might be back in the United States. 
We are very optimistic about how those categories will play out in the fourth quarter. And also optimistic around how the flat comp transactions in September will play out for the fourth quarter as well for us. And we feel like if you look back over the first 9 months of the year, there are numerous months where we had flat or positive comp transactions. And the ones where we didn't, you really can identify them through either stimulus in March and April of last year or whether it was the drought and heat-related activities or the delayed spring through Q1 and Q2. 
But if you look at January, February, et cetera. And then you look at how we exited in Q3 and a couple of slices of month in Q2, where we had flat deposit and comp transactions, we feel very good that those sorts of trends will extrapolate into Q4. 
As it relates to inflation, we do anticipate that there will be some moderation towards the back half of next year. But if you look at our 2-year stacks on inflation and carry that into the first half of next year, we do anticipate that inflation will remain at elevated rate through at least the first half of next year. And I think that's reasonably consistent with the overall kind of macro U.S. outlook as well. But we do feel really good about our comp transactions now as we head into the fourth quarter and the momentum that we have going into the fourth quarter.

Scott, thanks for the question. We continue to be very pleased with our store remodel program. And on the sales side, they continue to perform at the level of results that we articulated at the beginning of this year. So that's -- for a combo store that has both Fusion and Side Lot inclusive of a Garden Center. They're performing in the high single-digit lifts year-over-year kind of pre-, post net of control.
And when you look at a store where we've only done Fusion, they're performing in that mid-single-digit lift. And as we all know, it hasn't been retail for decades now, when you first start a store remodel program, because you're handholding it, you're going to get a nice lift. But then as you start to scale. A lot of times, those lifts will start to diminish and moderate a bit. That has not been the case with us. We're now at 500 Fusion stores and over 260 Garden Centers, and we continue to see that same type of lift even as we reach scale, real tribute to our team on the execution, operations and then ensuring that we've got the right programs as we roll those out. 
Other learnings, our customers are taking note of these remodels. We're seeing -- on our customer satisfaction surveys, we're seeing overall increases after the remodel. We're seeing kind of questions like the condition of the store, the appearance of the store, many of our customers, qualitative, will ask if we've updated the store and they notice it. 
And the same thing on the Garden Centers. We're seeing many new customers shop our business once we roll out a Garden Center, much higher female penetration, much higher millennial penetration. And we're seeing it be a driver of footsteps into our store to kind of starting the next kind of version of a C.U.E. category in our business and that being live goods. 
I think the big learning force has been on cost. We continue to challenge ourselves on our rollout timing and our costs. We continue to reduce the length of time required to roll one of these out. That minimizes the disruption cannibalization. And we're also continuing to bring down the cost through optimization of our fixtures, optimization of our construction plans and particularly on the Garden Center, our designs there. 
So if anything, we feel like the performance is better than it was 9 months ago, kind of equivalent, if not better, sales lift and customer reaction, and we continue to find ways to bring costs down on the program. So we're very pleased with the remodels and excited to continue to roll it out to the next set of stores next year and continue to bring into our whole store base.

Kate, thanks for your question on Orscheln. I'd start out, just reiterating my prepared remarks, that's we're thrilled to have Orscheln join Tractor Supply. While the transaction took longer than we anticipated, the outcome was very much in line with our original expectations on the remedy that would be necessary. We are already well underway to welcoming them into the company and starting to map out our plans for converting those stores to the Tractor Supply brand. 
We will be basically executing the Fusion and Garden Center remodel programs in those stores. And obviously, we'll be a little extra involved with them in terms of new signage for our nameplates and some updating of fixtures and painting of the walls and such like that. But we will -- our plan is to have all that accomplished by the end of next year. 
At the same time, we're excited to learn from Orscheln on a number of categories where they play differently than we do in terms of distortions. And on the same side, we think there are a lot of opportunity for us to take some of our best practices to them, to their stores. One in terms of -- and then driving dollars per square foot up closer to where we are because they're at about kind of 50-ish percent of where we are in dollars per square foot. And because they are lesser dollars per square foot, the op margin percent on a per store basis is lower as well. So we're optimistic that we can raise that over time as well. 
And so there are some sales synergies over time. There'll be some op margin synergies over time. And then additionally, we'll be bringing our brand awareness to that business, well over 80% unaided and aided together and things like our Neighbor's Club program, our digital capabilities. So we're really excited to have them join us. It gives us a great additional footprint in the Midwest. We're excited about transitioning those stores to the Tractor Supply brand and then bringing kind of the whole of Tractor Supply to those stores and ultimately and most importantly, to our customers there in that area of the country.

Yes, thanks for the question. We don't foresee a scenario of deflation in any near-term time horizon, '23 or into '24. If you look at where our retails are now and just flow those through into the first half of the year, we're going to be at mid- to high single-digit inflation. And then fully expect that, that will moderate into the back half, both as we start to navigate reducing COGS increases but also, hopefully, as the economy, PPI and CPI and other kind of inflationary indexes, start to moderate as well. But I don't foresee, at all, a scenario of deflation in the near -- in any time horizon over the next few years.
What I would say on some of those commodity-based products, we're well past just kind of core supply demand out there and the market's moving like they had 4, 5, 6 years ago in a normal environment. We're now in a market where even -- they've got higher input cost, whether it's fertilizer, and et cetera, that just has not come down. And even if it comes down, it's only coming down in a moderate way. 
They've got higher labor cost 10, 15, 20 points above a couple of years ago, and there's significant capacity constraints. I mean if you look at pet food, there are significant capacity constraints in the pet food market right now. So that's going to limit cost. That's going to limit any cost decreases that come. It's just the dynamics of the way the supply-demand is shaping up right now. 
And then when you factor in non-U.S. markets and all the risk there, whether it's down in South America or certainly in middle -- in Eastern Europe with Ukraine and Russia and the difficulties in the war there. I just don't foresee a market, at all, where commodities are moderating to the point where they're driving substantive deflation in our business. That's just -- I don't see that in the cards at all.

Yes. Brian, thanks for the question, and thanks for the remarks on our quarter. We're very optimistic around Q3 -- I mean around 2023. As I mentioned earlier, on the revenue side, many of our initiatives are just starting to really reach kind of scale that you can kind of "see" from space. You think about 500 Fusion stores now, 260 Garden Centers, the continued strong lift we're seeing with those as we round into next year. We anticipate that those will continue to help fuel our business. And if there is any sort of further degradation of the economy, that they can help fill in some of those cracks. 
I also anticipate that our core competitors, if the economy weakens further, will face increasing financial difficulties, and that will only be further opportunity for us to go gain share. So we feel very good on the top side around 2023 and our ability to gain share and grow and do that within the context of our long-term guidance. 
And then on the cost side, while there's a bunch that goes in and goes out, while we performed well in the last 2 years, and hats off to the team for managing our operating margins, there's been a lot of inefficiencies in our cost base the last couple of years, higher container cost, higher freight costs, having to open up pop-up distribution centers freight arriving and not on the day and time that we anticipated, and the back of the stores having inefficient labor in our stores to do tasking. 
As we move into 2023, we fully anticipate that our business will be the most streamlined from a supply chain perspective, all the way from the manufacturer into the stores and on our shelves. That it's been in 3 years. And so we're optimistic on that from a cost perspective, being able to help drive our overall profitability and our margins. And again, just very confident as we turn into 2023 here, 1 quarter to go, but a lot of momentum as we enter Q4 here now, and we expect that, that will be the case as we transition into 2023.