Okay. Thanks, Meredith. Good morning, and thanks to you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our recent accomplishments and discuss our strategy as it relates to accelerating growth and creating a more sustainable business. Scott will give us more detail on our results, outlook and capital allocation. 
This was another strong quarter for Albemarle with solid financial results. We generated net income of $96 million and adjusted EBITDA of $230 million, up 17% from last year. We benefited in part from several lithium customers that accelerated orders under long-term agreements as well as favorable volume and customer mix in our Bromine business.  
We continue to see strong market demand for lithium, especially from EVs. First quarter EV sales were up 135% versus last year, led by China. European and North American sales were also up significantly. All that said, remember that we are sold out in bromine and lithium. Therefore, we are maintaining our previously reported company guidance for the full year. Scott will provide additional detail on this in just a few minutes. We are advancing our growth plans with the progress being made at our Wave II lithium projects. These 2 projects, La Negra III and IV and Kemerton I and II are expected to add volume beginning next year.
As you are probably aware, during the first quarter, we successfully completed a $1.5 billion equity offering and then subsequently reduced our debt. This enabled us to achieve 2 strategic goals. First, we are now well positioned to execute on our high-return Wave III growth projects for lithium and bromine. And second, we have maintained our investment-grade credit rating, which was recently upgraded to a BBB rating by S&P Global. I'm also proud to say that we have signed the U.N. Global Compact, joining the efforts of corporations and stakeholders worldwide to advance sustainability.
On Slide 5, I want to update you on those 2 projects at La Negra and Kemerton, our 2 ongoing projects to increase lithium production from our world-class resources. These conversion facilities are in the final stages of construction and when complete, are expected to double our nameplate capacity to 175,000 metric tons per year. This added capacity will provide much needed volumes to support our customers' growth ambitions and will enhance our ability to drive further earnings expansion. Construction is on track for completion later this year. We are watching the Western Australia labor situation closely, but currently, we do not expect any impact to our schedule. Once complete, we move into final commissioning and customer qualification, which typically takes about 6 months. We expect to begin producing commercial volume from both projects in 2022.
These 2 sites will complete our Wave II lithium projects and enable our team to focus on the execution of Wave III, which represents a further 150,000 metric tons of conversion capacity. We expect to make investment decisions on the first projects from Wave III as early as the middle of this year. This includes a greenfield site in China and potentially the acquisition of a Chinese conversion plant.
I would like to mention that the Chilean Nuclear Energy Commission, or CCHEN, has confirmed that our resource and reserves report is in full compliance following the additional data we provided in January. We are committed to complying with our regulatory obligations around the world, and we are pleased to reach a satisfactory and collaborative resolution with CCHEN. Finally, in bromine, we are accelerating our growth projects and expect to see the benefit of these projects beginning in 2022. 
I'll now turn the call over to Scott to review the first quarter results.

Thanks, Scott. As I mentioned earlier, in April, we signed the U.N. Global Compact, a voluntary leadership platform for the development, implementation and disclosure of responsible business practices. In addition to supporting the UNGC principles, we are aligning our sustainability framework to the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, the largest corporate sustainability initiative in the world.
Over the past year, we've increased ESG disclosure, published updated sustainability policies and made public commitments to advance sustainability. Sustainability is, by its nature, a long-term commitment. But I'm pleased to report that we are beginning to see the benefits of our efforts. For example, Albemarle was recently recognized and added to the S&P 500 ESG Index. You can expect more details on these and other sustainability-related initiatives in our 2020 Annual Sustainability report due to be issued in June.
Now on Slide 12, I'd like to reiterate our corporate strategy. We have started 2021 with a strong quarter and continue to make progress on our 4 strategic pillars. We are completing our Wave II projects and plan for those to deliver commercial volumes and generate sales in 2022. We are making plans to execute on our Wave III lithium projects as well as expand our bromine resources to align with growing customer demand. And we are laser-focused on operational discipline to drive maximum productivity across our businesses. We continue to expect around $75 million of productivity improvements this year, and we will continuously work to improve efficiencies within our operations.
With a revitalized balance sheet, we are well positioned to invest in high-return growth maintain our investment-grade credit rating and support our dividend. Finally, sustainability remains a top priority and key component of our value proposition to our customers, and we are dedicated to exploring opportunities such as the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals to help us implement these efforts.
With that, I'd like to open the call for questions, and we'll hand over to Olivia.

Yes. So we've -- and I'll make a few comments, and then Eric can give you some detail if I don't get there. But we've -- and we've looked at China very much, we're very familiar with the operators there, and we've been kind of looking at these opportunities for some time. We've made acquisitions in the past so we feel pretty comfortable with this, with the assets that are on the ground and what we would need to do to move them to our standards. So we did that at Xinyu. We bought an asset and we've expanded, and we consider that to be very successful. So we like the model. We're comfortable. We've got people on the ground in China. So we're able to do good due diligence. We have -- we'd be able to staff a new facility with -- partially from people from our existing plants. So we feel very comfortable with the strategy.
And then I think it seemed like part of your question was about people looking at different geographies. So -- and we're looking at different geographies as well, but we still see growth in  Asia as being a big part of the growth coming forward. And ultimately, we'll be moving in other locations around the world. But we still see growth in Asia, which is why we're looking at this as a strategy.

Yes. I think that means a big piece is already battery-grade material and both carbonate and hydroxide. So -- but I'll let Eric get into the details, maybe around timing as they layer in.

Does that answer your question?

Tolling has always been a bridging strategy for us, and it's only ever done in carbonate because we feel that there's adequate carbonate capacity out there that can meet the standards for that product, and hydroxide is something we view as different and more proprietary. The bridging strategy, in this case, is to get us revamped in relationships with Chinese customers that we've supplied in the past such that when we bring on La Negra III and IV next year, we have a ready customer base to take that on.
So I would think of it as ad hoc or bridging. It's not a sustained strategy. It is something -- we're not -- I can't get into the details of volumes per se. But it is to, as you point out, not as lucrative, not as high a margin of business for us because we're paying somebody to convert for us. So it moves us to the right on the cost curve, whereas we're normally on the left side, you're moving more towards the right, so that impacts margins. But it does provide incremental EBITDA, and it does set us up for a successful ramp next year.

David, I'm going to have to -- let me just take a quick look. But I think it's meaningful in terms of the volume. So it's probably in the 30s -- $30 million range, something like that.

Right. So we've been talking about kind of the shift in our commercial strategy in lithium for some time. We kind of delayed -- intentionally delayed the conversion from kind of a strict long-term fixed-price contract to one that is more indicative of the market, that moves more with the market. And we'd have different types of customers we'd contract slightly different ways. We delayed the conversion of that a little bit because the market was so far down. We didn't think it was the right time to negotiate at the bottom of the market, so we held off on that. So that strategy hasn't changed and the new volume doesn't change that.
So I think we're moving into that dynamic as we go through the next 12 months or that the contracts we'll be negotiating will be on that new basis. So portfolio of customers with -- kind of customers who really want security of supply will be more of a fixed price, but it will still move with the markets and then contract with other people that look more like market prices. Not spot prices contracted, but prices that move with the market. And that's what we've been talking about for the, I would say, almost the last year. And we did delay the implementation intentionally because we felt like we didn't want to negotiate at the bottom of the market.

Okay. All right. Sorry, I missed that. So yes, hiring. So yes, so I mean there were 2 locations. So Chile and Kemerton, so Western Australia, and a different dynamic because we've got a significant operation in Chile already. So I don't -- it's not such a challenge in that location. A bigger issue in Chile at the moment is COVID. But we're able to bring people on there, and we've been bringing them on, training them with the existing staff. And Australia is a little different because it's a true greenfield facility.
So -- but we've been hiring. We've been -- we're happy with the plan. We've been doing well. In the labor market, it's a different -- a little different dynamic in the construction market than it is in the chemical operating market. So we've been able to hire according to our plans and ramp up staff that would operate the facility according to our plan. So that hasn't impacted us. What's been more of a challenge is in the construction labor market and getting the staff that we need to complete construction. And we were actually trying to accelerate it, but we're not able to do that. We're just kind of treading water with our original plan.

Well, I would -- I mean I guess it's several elements, but it's really about the guaranteed supply, the profile of that supply. Pricing is a big part of that and liabilities. Eric, you have...

I'm sorry, you said the key?

Yes. So I mean we're looking -- right. So we're -- I mean we're looking at projects, identifying them, designing in the plans for that. So I guess it's anything you would expect to see in a normal investment program. So we're getting -- making sure that we've got designs, the process chemistry that we like. We've lined up -- we have the resources. That's not an issue. But a lot of it's about location, about permitting, workforce. I mean of all the things that you would see that we would line up. But we're relatively advanced at looking at that. And then obviously, when you get to that decision point, the returns are a big deal.

Ultimately, it's coming from our customers and what our customers are telling them. But maybe, Raphael, you can provide some additional color as to the specific parts of the market that are slower than others.

Yes. It's hard to comment too much on price. I mean those are the -- that's the magic question. But the market is clearly moving in that direction. And you're seeing the demand growth. So the demand growth we expect to continue. I mean what we're seeing is kind of -- it's extraordinary, but it may not be 135%, but it's going to be 70%, 80% for the year around EV levels, and lithium is going to follow that. So demand growth is going to be there. And pricing has moved very quickly in China because that's mostly a spot market, so it would move quicker. That hasn't translated into the contract market fully yet. So it has started to, we think, and we see that moving in that direction over time. It's hard to predict what's going to happen out into the future, but we see prices moving up. And that what's happening in the spot market will translate into the contract prices. And that will be a positive for Albemarle.

Let me start, Eric can add some detail to that. So -- but I would say, I mean, our philosophy hasn't really changed. We've adjusted a bit on the kind of the nature. I would say we've evolved in our contracting structure, but it's really still the same philosophy. And I think our customers are kind of coming around to that way of thinking a bit. And I think it's changing because some of it's with OEMs now. Several years ago, we were talking to cathode makers, then battery makers and now it's OEMs and still talking across that -- all 3 of those areas, but the OEMs are getting more involved, and they have a longer-term view. So I don't know about 10-year contracts, but 3-year, 5-year, maybe 7 on the longest term. But those are the kind of -- that's the nature of the contracts that we're discussing. I don't know anyone's pushing us further than that.

And I think it's a little bit -- Ben, part of your question was just about an advantage we might see coming forward. I think that's really just going to be about demand of those electronics. So what -- they build -- they need more chips, those underlying applications where we play, whether it's in automotive or just call it, the Internet of Things, proliferation of chips. And that's an advantage for us, so they -- but they have to be able to keep up with it for it to be an advantage for us.

Yes. So look, we've got 3 core businesses and it's a portfolio. So Catalysts is struggling a little bit. Their market is not as strong because the miles driven and the issues we saw from COVID there. Bromine held up very well during the pandemic. And then really, EVs and then part of that, the lithium market was accelerated through COVID because of, really, the European response to the COVID was really about clean energy and electric vehicles. So I think the portfolio effect is working for us. I mean we'd love for all 3 businesses to be striking on all cylinders. But that's part of the portfolio. We think they're key businesses. They all fit into the sustainability angle that we're pushing. There's a sustainability piece for all 3 of those businesses, and that's kind of what ties them all together, and we like that portfolio. And it's working because we -- when business is down, the other 2 are doing quite well, and that will probably cycle.

Okay. So I mean, I guess, a bit about China. I'm not sure we have a ton more visibility, but there's not -- I mean we're fighting to keep up with demand. I think the industry is doing the same. So I don't think they're building -- anybody's building inventory in this supply chain. Everyone -- and that probably goes from batteries to cathodes to  materials as well. I mean from my perspective, we're not building inventories, we actually sold down inventories to take advantage or to satisfy demand in the first quarter. And I don't know, Eric, if you have any more visibility around that?

And I would just say one thing that's a little different than some of the other industries that, kind of mining industries, iron ore, ferrous materials, I mean, we are integrated into the resource and into the conversion as well. So we -- and that's not all China. That's -- the resources are really not in China. A lot of the conversion capacity and the customer demand today is in China. But it's -- and we spent a lot of effort making sure we have a diverse resource base from a resource standpoint and also from a conversion specific. So we're not too heavy in China. It's why you see us building in Western Australia, and we're doing conversion capacity in Chile as well. So we focus on that diversification from a resource standpoint and from a conversion basis as well. And in some cases, it's more expensive for us to do that, but we think it's important.

Okay. Thank you, Olivia. And again, thank you all for joining us today. All the efforts and opportunities we discussed today require execution, and we have the capabilities, the resources and most importantly, the people to execute on our strategy. We expect to achieve accelerated growth with lower capital intensity, which should enable us to achieve higher returns. We will continue to work on our sustainability throughout the value chain, not only within Albemarle's operations but by continuing to support our customers. Thank you, and we look forward to speaking to you on our next call.