Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I'll highlight quarterly results and our recent strategic achievements. I'll also introduce the new operating model we are implementing to support Albemarle's growth strategy. Scott will give you more detail on our results, outlook and guidance. 
Our businesses continue to execute well as global markets improve. Second quarter net sales were $774 million and adjusted EBITDA was $195 million, both of which marked a slight improvement compared to the second quarter of last year. Note that we closed the divestiture of FCS on June 1. So second quarter 2021 included only 2 months of FCS results. 
Excluding FCS, net sales increased 5% and adjusted EBITDA was up 13% compared to last year. And our financial release issued yesterday after the close, we revised our guidance for the year, in part to reflect higher lithium performance, but also supply chain disruptions for our bromine business. We've also updated full year guidance to reflect the sale of FCS. Scott will walk you through those changes in more detail in just a few minutes. 
We continue to execute on our next wave of growth projects to capitalize on attractive long-term fundamentals in the markets we serve. We recently completed construction of La Negra 3 and 4 as planned, and we are progressing through the commissioning stage. Finally, I want to briefly describe the operating model we are launching to drive greater value, improve performance and deliver exceptional customer service. And you see that on Slide 5.  
Our operating model, which we call the Albemarle Way of Excellence, or AWE, serves as a framework for how we execute, deliver and ultimately accelerate our strategy. AWE is based on 4 pillars: sustainable approach includes responsibly managing our natural resourcing and engaging with our stakeholders; high-performance culture includes focusing on safety leadership and fostering an agile, engaged corporate culture; competitive capabilities means we are ensuring we have the right talent, resources and technologies; and finally, operational discipline is about embracing lean principles and operational excellence across the organization. 
The operating model helps us connect our strategy with day-to-day initiatives, prioritize projects, clarify resource allocation, ensure accountability and drive efficient and profitable execution. We will discuss the operating model in more detail at our upcoming Investor Day on September 10. 
Now turning to Slide 6. We've completed construction of La Negra 3 and 4 in Chile and are in the commissioning stage. We expect commercial production from these 2 trains beginning in the first half of next year, ramping to 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year by 2024. This brownfield project allows us to increase existing capacity and leverage our world-class brine resource in Chile, just one of the avenues of growth that we have as an established lithium producer with a global footprint. 
We also continue to progress our Kemerton conversion facility in Western Australia. To mitigate risk related to the tight labor market and COVID-related travel restrictions in Western Australia, we have modified our execution strategy to prioritize Kemerton I over Kemerton II. Kemerton I remains on track for construction completion by the end of the year. 
We now anticipate completion of Kemerton II by the end of the first quarter next year, a delay of about 3 months. These delays and higher labor rates have also increased capital cost. It's been a difficult situation in a labor market that was already tight, but we have been able to maintain the schedule for Kemerton I with only a 3-month delay for Kemerton II. We continue to expect commercial production for both Kemerton I and II during 2022. 
Importantly, we are making progress on our Wave III lithium projects, and we'll provide further details at Investor Day in September. Site selection is underway, and we are negotiating with the authorities to include investment agreements. We're also expediting investments in bromine to meet increasing demand. We completed the first well at Magnolia ahead of schedule and under budget. 
Unfortunately, we're unable to take advantage of that additional capacity in the second half due to shortages of chlorine in the supply chain. We also have 2 projects in Arkansas that are currently in the select phase. These projects are designed to increase production capacity of clear brine fluids and hydrobromic acid. A third project to increase the capacity of our brominated flame retardants is in the evaluate stage. 
I'll now hand the call over to Scott, who will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter.

Okay. Thanks, Scott. On Slide 12, we continue to execute on our strategic objectives for 2021. First, we are growing profitably. Construction is complete at La Negra, and we are commissioning this project with commercial volumes expected in the first half of next year. Both Kemerton trains are expected to contribute volumes in 2022 as well, despite the restructuring of our execution plan at Kemerton. As previously discussed, we are making progress on our Wave 3 lithium projects and expediting investments in bromine to meet increasing demand. 
Second, we are increasing productivity. We are on track to achieve at least our targeted $75 million in productivity improvements this year. We expect to continue to build on these improvements as we implement our operating model and build a culture of continuous improvement. 
Third, we are maintaining our disciplined approach to investments and continue to optimize shareholder value by actively managing our portfolio of assets, including the recently completed FCS divestiture. Finally, all of our efforts are being driven with sustainability in mind. 
At our annual sustainability report published at the beginning of June, we disclosed initial sustainability targets, including plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and freshwater use. We are also working closely with customers, investors and ESG rating companies to make sure they are up to speed on all these developments and have a full appreciation for our efforts. 
So with that, I'd like to open the call for questions.

So P.J., and thanks for that. We are -- so we're -- we've completed construction. We're still commissioning. So still a little bit to go at La Negra. And then as you see in the plans that have the Phase III, it's mostly about hydroxide capacity in the near term. So Kemerton will be coming on in the next year. 
And then the next wave of investments at the moment are focused on China, and we're -- we do look for acquisition of conversion capacity, but it's a bit of a challenge just to find the assets that we want and that are for sale. So you kind of have a meeting of minds there. But we're also in parallel, we're progressing our plans to do greenfield projects as well. 
And if we were able to find an acquisition, we continue to progress the greenfield plans that we have. So they would be -- they're not -- if we did an acquisition, that doesn't mean we stop our greenfield plans and projects, but we would just do them in parallel. And then the last part -- I'm sorry, a lot about the U.S. 
So I mean, we will look at the U.S., but it's not in the next year or so, right? So it's -- there's time. And our view is most of the cathode capacity that's being built and will be producing for the next several years, it's going to be in China or at least Asia. And so we have time before we have to see if we need capacity in North America or Europe.

Sure. So yes, I don't know if we can add much more than we talked about previously, but we're -- in the past, we had kind of a long-term contract formula and it was -- we were trying to use that strategy for all of our customers. And what we've learned is that not all customers want to buy that way. So we're trying to segment on how they want to buy. 
And actually, we think it's good for us as well. So we're -- we have longer-term contracts that look more like a fixed price. And ideally, we want those contracts to move with the market but slightly with the market, but it looks more like a long-term contract. On the other extreme, we'll have contracts that look more like spot. They're probably it's not -- probably not a 1-year contract, it's probably more than that, but it moves with the market or closely with the market. 
Still may be dampened a bit and then you'll have some in the middle. Where that shakes out from a portfolio standpoint until we settle all that with our customers. I can't tell you, but for lack of anything else, it's probably 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 is kind of how we see it now.

Well, I can't speak to the other projects. But I mean, if you're building in Western Australia, the availability of labor, the tightness is extreme. And Western Australia is kind of famous for labor market that gets difficult if you're doing large projects just because of the resource industry draws all of the resources if their prices go up and their prices have gone up significantly for to say, iron ore is probably the biggest example, and they're drawing all the resources away. 
That's always been an issue in Western Australia, but today, we have COVID. So they locked down not only Australia but about state by state. So we can't move -- not only can we not get resources from China or Thailand or even the U.K., we can't get resources from the east part of Australia. So we're kind of stuck with what's in Western Australia. So -- and I think that will affect anyone doing a big capital project in Western Australia or Australia. I'm not sure that it applies, say, in China, for example.

It's both. So we're commissioning and qualifying in parallel. So we can kind of -- we do early commissioning to get qualification samples, but the plant has not been operating at rates so that it takes us time to get it to operating at rates. So we -- kind of long pole in the tent, so to speak, is the qualification process, but we're commissioning during that same time, and we run them in parallel so that we -- to save time. So it's -- I think the answer is both.

Yes. So yes, we'll see how that goes. I mean our plans are to feed Kemerton from Talison. And then as we either bring on other capacity or do an acquisition, we would use Wodgina for that. and our strategy about selling spodumene hasn't changed.

So I'll start and Netha can add a little bit. So -- and I think there's a broader issue in the chlorine space, but I mean our suppliers had some equipment failures, and we expect that to last -- they're telling us a couple of months, right? So they've got a short-term fix. We hope we'll get us back up to some higher rates and then the permanent fix is going to take kind of -- I think they told us 2 to 3 months.

Yes. So we -- I mean we were looking at our PCS business and we ran a process and we didn't get the pricing we wanted for it. So it's performing well, and we've pulled back -- that is no longer for sale, and we're running as part of the portfolio. We're running as part of our catalyst business. So we'll hold on to that. And then for the broader part of the portfolio, the 3 primary businesses, bromine, lithium and catalyst. We see those as core businesses. So that's kind of our fundamental portfolio and now PCS is part of Catalyst.

Look, I'll make a broad comment and let Eric can try a little bit of detail. It's hard for us to project where the market is going. And we see prices both spodumene and carbonate and hydroxide prices being up. The only place you really have visibility of spot prices is in China for the carbonated hydroxide. And so you see that. You see the same numbers that we do. Those have not fully translated into the contract prices, but we do see contract prices moving up. 
And spodumene, I mean, it has gone up, come back down a little bit. I don't know that we're in what you would call a super cycle or headed toward that. But I think -- I do think prices will be higher than they have been in the last couple of years.

Yes. It's also a function of how fast we ramp up, right, so how well commissioning goes. And then there's -- when you'll commission, you'll be able to make products, but at lower rates, and that will ramp up over time, and it's how well we do in that ramp curve. And it's hard to speculate on that.

Okay. And again, I'll start. Eric can fill in where I miss things. But I think in the past, the industry is growing, right? So as the industry grows, you bring on capacity, it's a smaller percentage of the industry. So I don't think we're going to have those periods of oversupply, undersupply is tight, as they were in the past with the extremes showing up in pricing. 
So I think that applies across for hard rock as well as kind of the salt -- conversion capacity for the salt. So I think as the industry gets bigger, each addition is a smaller percentage of the total industry, it has less of an impact. That said, where we are, I mean, spodumene is tight. And I think that the conversion capacity as the growth rates that we see, which you kind of see in as an indicator, EV sales is the forward-looking growth curve for lithium. 
Those are pretty tight and you've got to make investments, and you've got to be good at executing those projects and commissioning them and then ramping them up to full capacity, which is we think we're good at that, but we're in the process of proving it.

Well, I think across all of our businesses, the supply chain is a challenge and a concern. So oceangoing freight probably the biggest, but well, chemicals supply in the U.S. is hitting us and particularly chlorine at the moment, but it's tight in a number of chemicals, but oceangoing freight is a big concern for us and something that we are working pretty hard to try to manage. We spent a lot of time trying to streamline that supply chain, digitize it, so we have much better visibility on it. So we're making progress on that, but it's still a concern.

Yes, Vincent, from where we sit in the supply chain, we're not seeing that at all and from a demand side, our demand in those areas have been steady.

So a material update. I'd say it depends on the definition. So we'll give you progress on where we are, but we're not -- but we're still in the planning phase. We're not moving dirt on any of the projects yet.

No. I mean we're progressing as we go, and we'll tell you the plans that we have, but it's not a -- we will not have a final investment decision by -- in a month.

Well, yes, so I'll say that for us, we continue to look at Magnolia brines, where we operate our bromine operation as being a spot where we could process lithium and DLE's a potential technology for that. DLE, just -- it's a bandied-about term, most often here in the U.S. with many of the projects, what they're talking about is absorption resins. 
And so it's a mechanical operation for extracting brines. It's a mechanical operation as opposed to an evaporation effort such as we do in Chile, that you would only apply if you have to apply, meaning if you apply it to resource that are of lower quality or have higher impurities present, which is generally true with both oilfield brines, which is what we have in Magnolia, or geothermal brines. 
So it's more intensive. It actually also consumes a lot more water and energy given the -- so it has some drawbacks from it. We're studying what alternatives we could deploy to a resource like that, that could include absorption that optimize those factors of cost and sustainability. 
Given where we are with our high-quality resources and then what we can do in the year to drive our growth in the next 5 years, we put that as a resource later in the decade that we would consider for that given those technical challenges and given its cost profile.

You should just keep in mind, though, that then our input cost for conversion goes up when that price goes up. So we don't really -- it doesn't matter so much to us because it's all -- it washes through. But it's the difference between equity income and what shows up in the lithium P&L.

It depends on what you call -- yes, I think it depends on what you're calling current prices. So if you're talking about spot prices in China, which is what everyone can see, that's probably correct. But I think if you were to think about contract prices over time -- contract prices outside of China that different suppliers have, it's probably in line or above those, I would say probably still above those.

Yes. Well, it's definitely a joint discussion. It's a JV. And I think we'll optimize the supply. So the product at Talison our portion or half of that with spodumene that's ours. But we have JV product at Wodgina. They have their own product in other parts of Australia, and we'll swap product to kind of optimize economics. I think the way you would think about it as Talison goes to feed our portion and then some other product feeds their portion at Kemerton. However, physically, it probably won't work that way. We'll swap product to optimize the economics.

Yes. So we've not done analysis that we can share about what our price would have been under the new model. But you're right, it would have been higher toward the peak and lower during the trough. So which is the point we're trying to move a little bit more with the market but not expose ourselves fully to the commodity price. 
But I don't have the numbers to share with you to exactly what it would be. And the other part of that question, which we don't really know the answer to is how is the portfolio, what does it look like? How much of that bot-type pricing will we end up with versus that long-term contract pricing. Because during the last peak and bottom they were pretty much -- were all on the long-term contracts.

Yes. It's a question, Mike, that I may have to go back and look at our demand model because we do have a model we put out -- and it's still consistent with what we think today. And it was some months ago earlier this year, we did that. We're seeing a much bigger demand year in '21 overall this year than last because of the post-pandemic recovery. The overall market growth is 25% plus. So we're going to be at least in that order of magnitude for 2022, I'd say, on a year-on-year basis.

And when you say the capacity, you mean La Negra and Kemerton?

Okay, because we're -- I mean, our plants, we're going to be building plants over time. It's going to be ramping up over time. But La Negra -- between La Negra and Kemerton at full rates ramped up selling everything, '24 for the full year.

Yes. So this is Kent. It's early news. It's just out today. And I don't -- from my understanding was it's not mandatory. It's kind of something that is trying to lead legislation to something maybe like that. It's -- so I'd say it's early days. And I'm not -- and it's probably in the ballpark of what the car companies are already thinking. Maybe it's a little more aggressive, but it doesn't shift the model from our perspective. I don't think -- I think our view would be that's neutral.

Thank you, Carol, and thank you all again for your participation on our call today. As you can see, we have a lot to be excited about at Albemarle, and we see extraordinary opportunities for growth. We are implementing a comprehensive operating model that will enable us to execute on our objectives effectively and efficiently. 
We look forward to discussing this in greater detail during our Investor Day on September 10, and we hope you will all be able to join us then. Thank you, and that concludes our call today.