Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call this morning.
Fiscal 2018 was another record year for our business. For both the quarter and the full year, we delivered strong comparable store sales, driven by continued increases in both average ticket and transaction counts. Our Tractor Supply team executed well across store operations, merchandising, supply chain and planning and placement. Our teams did a great job of developing and executing plans that resonated with our customers and that were seasonally relevant, which continued to drive transactions and our average ticket. We continue to be in stock for our customers with our everyday consumable assortments that we know our customers depend on from Tractor Supply to help them live their Out Here lifestyle.
I want to thank the more than 30,000 now Tractor Supply and Petsense team members across the country for a strong 2018. Our teams did an excellent job of capitalizing on the strong macroeconomic backdrop for our consumer while executing our many initiatives and our ONETractor strategy.
We know our customers look to Tractor Supply for their everyday basic needs in living a rural lifestyle. We believe the continued convergence of our physical and digital storefronts and the updates to our in-store and online shopping experience are resonating with our customers.
Now let me touch on a few financial highlights for the fourth quarter and the full year. For the year, net sales increased 9% to a record $7.9 billion as we continued our strategy to open new stores to gain market share. Comparable store sales increased a strong 5.7% in the quarter and 5.1% for the year, with both transaction count and average ticket increasing in the quarter and full year. This was our best annual comp store sales growth in 6 years. Our fourth quarter results represented the sixth consecutive quarter of comp store sales above 3%. And this quarter represented 42 out of 43 quarters that our customer traffic [ cap ] has been positive.
For the fourth quarter, diluted EPS increased 28% to $1.11. For the full year, diluted EPS was $4.31, representing a growth of 31%. We generated cash from the operations of $694 million while returning $497 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchase and quarterly cash dividends for the year. And this was the eighth consecutive year that we increased our quarterly cash dividend for shareholders.
In terms of operational highlights for 2018, we opened 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 18 Petsense locations, increasing our selling square footage by about 5%. We saw solid progress with many of our ONETractor strategic initiatives, and we significantly exceeded our Neighbor's Club loyalty program membership growth goals. We continue to invest in our digital capabilities and have increased traffic and conversion. Our online sales once again grew strong double digits for the quarter and the year.
We significantly enhanced our Buy Online Pickup in Store capability. We expanded our Stockyard in-store kiosk to nearly 600 stores and mobile POS technologies across nearly 400 stores. The relaunch of our private label credit card offered an improved customer value proposition as well. And the integration of Petsense in 2018 made solid progress in our development of plans for shared service model and our foundation for future growth. We have completed construction of our new distribution center in Frankfort, New York, to support our store expansion in the northeast corridor of the country, and that will be starting shipping in 2019.
We believe that our capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, mobile POS, Neighbor's Club, the Stockyard in-store kiosk and our private label credit card we're uniquely positioned to address the needs of this customer base better than anyone in this fragmented market, and we see significant opportunities to broaden our customer reach and increase our market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time.
Our ONETractor strategy initiatives are clearly aligned around 4 key objectives: driving profitable growth, building customer-centric engagement, offering the most relevant products and services and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities. We will continue to take a balanced approach at managing the business, keeping the long term in focus.
In 2019, our capital spending is allocated across new stores, store-level initiatives, IT projects and, of course, our supply chain. In 2019, we plan to open approximately 80 Tractor Supply stores. And our data continues to support the potential for upwards of 2,500 Tractor Supply store locations over time as we continue to be pleased with our new store productivity and the returns on those new stores.
For 2019, we anticipate opening 10 to 15 new Petsense stores. We continue to believe that the Petsense format provides us with a unique opportunity to grow our pet business by targeting a different customer with a differentiated preference for products and services not available today in Tractor Supply stores.
2018 was a year of system and process integration as we applied best practices from Tractor Supply to Petsense. We have now refined our real estate model for future sites and are focused on gaining scale in select geographic regions as we move forward. In addition, we look to move to a shared service model and further integrate this team. The Petsense team is focused on increasing customer engagement through the use of increased digital marketing, improving our website and improving the customer rewards program to build long-term loyalty. The team's plans also include increasing the penetration of services such as grooming and training. We believe we have some exciting opportunities ahead for Petsense.
But now before I turn the call over to Steve, I would like to address import tariffs. We continue to monitor this very closely and what impact it may have on our products from China. And please keep in mind, we have a large segment of our business such as our consumable, usable and edible products that would be impacted very little to none at all if these tariffs will go into play. Depending on the product category, the team is executing plans to mitigate the potential impact of tariffs. We have been dealing with tariff increases and are prepared if the additional tariffs would go into effect. We will continue to watch this topic closely as we know it's a fluid process.
So as we celebrated our 80th anniversary in 2018, Tractor Supply has grown from a mail-order catalog business offering tractor parts to America's family farmers to the largest farm and ranch retailer in the country. Our passionate commitment to our customers, team members and communities as well as our shareholders is the foundation of our profitable growth. I doubt that when our company was founded in 1938, anyone could have imagined that 80 years later, Tractor Supply would be serving customers in more than 1,700 stores and 49 states and is still growing. We remain focused on the future and the long-term growth opportunities ahead of us, and we are looking forward to another super year.
Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.

Thank you, Kurt. In closing, yes, we're moving forward in executing our ONETractor strategy to continue to make operational progress in our business. We are passionate about our future. Our commitment to providing legendary service and great products every day at low prices will continue to be the foundation of our growth.
And with that, Mary Winn, we'd now like to open the line for questions.

Chuck, this is Greg. I'll take that one. We're really not seeing any real difference right now in the oil markets, and we are in contact with those stores in the West Texas region, which is primarily where this could be impacted. We talk to them about rig counts and employment, and everything seems to be fairly stable. Remember, this is about 10% or less of our stores right now. This is not like what it was in the past when we had many more stores involved in Ohio, Pennsylvania and up to the Oklahoma and Dakotas areas, okay? It's geographically limited. And I would tell you that one of the advantages we see out of this is if lower diesel prices can come as a result of lower oil prices, that's a benefit to us and to our customers. It actually puts a few more dollars in their pocket. It can help us on our margin line. So no real difference right now.

Yes, Matt, this is Greg, I'll start and I'll pass a little bit to Kurt. Those closings are really related to the new model that we developed for store openings in Petsense. We have a very sophisticated model in Tractor. We've taken a very similar modeling approach to Petsense. And when we looked at the whole portfolio, we said, these stores are underperforming and there's -- really, they're not the locations we would want moving forward as the rest of the fleet. These were some of the early on stores in the Petsense operation when they started out being in, we'll call it, discount centers and things of that nature. And so these were really stores that have been targeted even from the beginnings when we had purchased it to say, if we can't get this moving in the right direction, plus now we developed a new model, it's best to go ahead and close those. We're very comfortable now that we've got the new model, now that we've got a good understanding of what we have and how we're starting to integrate out of the back house costs in Petsense, that we can accelerate the model over the next couple of years and that it will be additive to the EPS of the company.

I'll quickly address and then probably pass you to Steve or Kurt. That comment was made more about we were uncertain at that time what it was going to look like. We've just been to 2 rounds, if you remember, of tariff impacts. We were trying to estimate at that point, if we went to 25%, what do we think would happen, and anticipating that we had to put a plan in place to address it. We now have done that. We feel very comfortable with the plan. So I would say now we're not as concerned about that pressure. We've got it handled. We know what we need to do. I would hope that we can avoid this. But if it does happen, we are well prepared and ready to act upon it, and we don't see it as a real margin drain.

That's the question that no one can answer, okay? We're very fortunate as a company that we have a business that is grounded in staples. And those staples will continue to sell whether we're through a recession or we're through a major tariff impact or what have you. But some of the discretionary products, we could see some pressure. But right now, we're not seeing really anything significant. So I guess what I would say to you is we'll have to wait and see. But we'll be very well priced regardless of this. We've got some leverage with some of our manufacturers, as you can imagine, with our size. And at this point, it's a wait and see.