Thanks, Meredith. And thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight recent accomplishments and discuss our strategy to capitalize on the very attractive long-term growth trends we see for our businesses. Scott will give more detail on our results, outlook and capital allocation.  
I'm pleased to say that Albemarle reported solid fourth quarter results, including net sales of $879 million, and adjusted EBITDA of $221 million, both of which were at or above the high end of our previous outlook. I'm also encouraged by the rebound we began to see in the second half of the year, particularly for bromine and lithium. We expect to generate full year 2021 net sales of between $3.2 billion and $3.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $810 million and $860 million, both up from 2020 results. As I'm sure you're aware, earlier this month, we completed a $1.5 billion capital raise. The proceeds of this offering provide the financial flexibility to execute our long-term strategy, including the acceleration of high-return growth projects.  
Now if we turn to Slide 5. We have a clear strategy to drive sustainable value for our shareholders. Albemarle has 4 primary strategic objectives: first, we will grow profitably. We have identified and planned a portfolio of low capital intensity, high-return projects. These projects lever our diverse world-class resources in both lithium and bromine. Over the past 5 years, we have built the internal team and capabilities to execute these projects on time and on budget. In addition, we have the long-term commercial relationships with customers that are required for these projects. We are working to ensure that we are aligning with their strategic requirements while achieving adequate returns for our shareholders. Of course, the majority of our growth will be in lithium, but at the same time, we will be investing in our bromine projects. This will include highly efficient brownfield projects with attractive returns and short paybacks. I'm sure Netha would be happy to give you more detail when we get to Q&A.  
Second, we will maximize productivity. Over the past year, we have optimized earnings and cash flow generation across our business, including our very successful sustainable cost savings program. Operational discipline is essential for generating cash flow and supporting growth, and we will not take our eyes off the ball even as we move into an accelerated growth phase.  
Third, we will invest with discipline, focusing our capital investments on our highest return opportunities. Just as we have in the past, we will actively assess our portfolio for opportunities to unlock shareholder value. We will also continue to maintain our investment-grade credit rating and support our dividend.  
Fourth and finally, we will advance sustainability across our businesses, which is a core value for Albemarle. Our aim is to increase sustainability throughout the value chain from the resource to the end-use of our products. Most recognizably, we developed lithium products that enable the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through the adoption of battery electric vehicles. Our Catalyst business contributes to sustainability by helping refiners produce cleaner transportation fuels, and our bromine products contribute to consumer safety by preventing fires in electronic equipment. With continued regulatory changes, advancements in technology and investments in infrastructure like charging stations, the current environment is ideal for a step change in EV adoption. We are seeing this play out in the acceleration of global EV sales led by rebounding demand in China and new demand in Europe. Global EV sales increased 45% during 2020 and are expected to increase by over 70% in 2021. 
On the right-hand side of the slide, you see demand projections for lithium over the next 5 to 10 years. Based on our internal estimates, we believe demand will reach more than 1.1 million tons by 2025, up from around 300,000 tons today. This is slightly higher than third-party projections from industry analysts like Benchmark Minerals, Roskill and the CRU Group. But as you can see, the consensus is that the industry expects to see significant growth in the coming years. As the industry leader in lithium, Albemarle is able to take these external estimates, internal forecast and discussions with our strategic customers and suppliers to generate a detailed demand forecast.  
On Slide 7, you see other metrics we use to gauge the future of the lithium market. While Albemarle's demand outlook for lithium is above third-party estimates, our outlook is below some of the more ambitious targets from automotive OEMs. For example, Tesla's vision of 3 terawatt hours of battery production by 2030 would translate to roughly 2.3 million tons of lithium. That means that Tesla's demand alone would exceed estimates for the entire market. Additional regulatory impacts, for example, if the U.S. decides to adopt more European like EV incentives would be incremental to our estimates. Total lithium demand is expected to grow by about 30% per year from 2020 to 2025, led by lithium consumption electric vehicles, which is expected to grow by 47% per year. 2 other trends support lithium demand, increased adoption of battery electric vehicles and larger battery size. Battery electric vehicles and larger battery size improved the consumer experience with longer driving ranges and innovation in batteries is also driving shorter charging times. 
It's important to note that this outlook does not assume a major shift in battery technologies over the next 5 years. Advanced battery technologies like solid-state batteries could potentially increase lithium intensity later this decade. Since 2015, we've nearly tripled our nameplate conversion capacity to 85,000 tons per year. Later this year, we expect to complete 2 major projects, which we refer to as Wave II. Wave II consists of our La Negra III and IV project and Kemerton I and II projects, which will more than double our current capacity to 175,000 tons per year. Over the last 5 years, we engaged with our customers with long-term volume commitments to execute this portfolio of projects. Now with this new acceleration in demand, customers are asking us to repeat the model. Our next 2 waves of expansion could once again more than double our nameplate capacity. With lower capital intensity, we expect these projects to generate very attractive returns. The identified and planned Wave III projects would add 150,000 tons of annual capacity over the next 3 to 5 years. And this third wave includes a conversion plant in China, which would be part of our MARBL joint venture. A smaller expansion at our Silver Peak asset in Nevada, another plant in China on a new mega site and Kemerton III and IV, a brownfield project in Australia. 
We also have identified opportunities for a fourth wave of projects. These could include further expansions in Australia, China and Southeast Asia and the potential to restart the mine and expand our conversion facility at Kings Mountain in North Carolina. Wave IV also includes options to support customers looking to localize supply, for example, by converting carbonate to hydroxide near battery manufacturer.  
And before we continue, let me update you on our Wave II projects. So La Negra III and IV enables us to add lithium carbonate capacity at the very low end of the cost curve. The project remains on track for mechanical completion in mid-2021. Kemerton I and II, our new lithium hydroxide conversion plant in Western Australia is on track to reach mechanical completion late in 2021. Kemerton is core to our hydroxide capacity in line with expected strong long-term market demand. Both of these projects will add significant commercial lithium sales beginning in 2022, following commissioning and customer qualification processes. As we move from Wave II to Wave III projects and beyond, we expect an estimated 40% reduction in capital intensity to support compelling economic returns. We can achieve these capital efficiencies and returns for 3 key reasons. First, we were able to leverage our experience in project execution by building standardized plants with economies of scale. For example, we expect new hydroxide plant would be a standard 2 trains or 50,000 tons per year, similar to what we are building at Kemerton today. Second, in many cases, we're moving from greenfield to brownfield economics. Just as today, we're moving from La Negra I and II to La Negra III and IV. Likewise, we'll move from Kemerton I and II to Kemerton III and IV and so on. As with Kemerton, the focus will be on building what we call mega sites. Standardized large-scale plants able to support multiple trains for lithium conversion. Finally, we'll be buying or building additional facilities in low-cost jurisdictions. As we did when we successfully acquired and then expanded our Xinyu facility in China in 2016.  
Before I turn it over to Scott to review recent results, I'd like to acknowledge all the hard work by our Albemarle team to continue to operate during the global pandemic as well as their ability to achieve significant progress on our long-term strategy. A year ago, when my predecessor laid out our 2020 strategic objectives, I don't think any of us could have imagined how the year would play out. Despite all the challenges, our team has delivered. We set ourselves up to grow profitably, keeping our major lithium capital projects on track for 2021 completion. We maximize productivity, achieving $80 million of sustainable cost savings in 2020, 60% above our initial targets. We demonstrated financial discipline, completing our 26th consecutive year of dividend increases and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating throughout the pandemic related downturn. And finally, we improved the sustainability of our businesses by establishing baseline environmental data and improving our reporting and transparency.  
Now -- I'll now turn the call over to Scott for a detailed review of the 2020 financial results.

Thanks, Scott. Albemarle finished strong in 2020, and we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2021. We will continue to execute our long-term strategy. The successful completion of our Wave II projects and investment decisions on new expansion projects in lithium and bromine. We are also working with customers to reach commercial agreements for a majority of new capacity prior to investing. We will continue to maximize productivity with operational discipline across our businesses, including cost reduction, lean principles, continuous improvement and project execution excellence. We expect to achieve $75 million of productivity improvements in 2021. We will be disciplined stewards of capital, investing in high return growth, maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and supporting our dividend.  
Finally, we will continue to implement and improve sustainability across our company, including setting near-term goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at our existing operations and exploring science-based target options for all 3 of our businesses.  
And with that, we'd like to open up the call for questions. So Joelle, over to you.

Yes. So let me -- I'll start with that. Maybe Eric can give a little bit more detail. So I mean we've got activities around lithium, but we expect that to be a number of years out before it becomes a major business. Basically, there has to be enough lithium in the market to -- for it to run its life cycle in a vehicle and then come back for recycling. So -- and I think our role in that, I mean, we have to look at those business options. But when you see a lithium being recycled, there's a component of that, that looks a lot like our conversion facility. So we would anticipate that we would play in that, but it's a number of years out before that comes to fruition. So Eric, anything you want to add there?

Yes. I think the order that we listed them. That's kind of our order. So we expect to see a China facility would be the first thing that we would move on. We're working on that, investigating it, doing planning around it now, but it's still at a  -- it's at point where it could be an acquisition. And then an acquisition usually has some element of work to it before it really becomes an Albemarle facility or a greenfield plant. But we're working on that now, and we probably come to an FID on that late '21, depending on whether it's an acquisition or a greenfield.

Chris. So relative to the demand question and the mix, it is weighted towards hydroxide. If you look at the market today, we see it being sort of a 30-70 split by the 30% hydroxide, that would be that value. And if you look out to 2025, and there's going to be some error bars on this, of course, but it's about 60-40, 60% hydroxide. So the large part of the growth is in hydroxide high nickel chemistries. It's not to say there isn't growth in carbonate for more conventional technologies like LFP, but to enable the growth targets of the western OEMs, in particular, and the range they're looking for energy density, it's going to be hydroxide. And that's true even in 2021. The rate of growth we see for demand in '21 is incrementally higher for hydroxide than it's for carbonate. And as you know, Albemarle is well positioned no matter which way it goes because we have capacity coming on, and we're doubling our capacity in both product lines. As we roll forward and look at Wave III, the predominance of that is going to go towards hydroxide for the reasons I just referenced.

Yes. I'll start with that and then maybe Eric give some color. I'm not sure. But I think for the industrial customers, I mean, the long-term contracts are mostly in the EV market. So when we talk about our long-term contracts, that's about the EV market, less so on the industrial side. And I don't know if the leverage really has shifted, but it has changed the tone of the discussions. And it's -- we still sit with our long-term prices above the spot market even with the moves that we've seen, but there's less pressure on those contracts. It's not that there's no pressure on those contracts, but there's, I would say, less pressure. If that trend continues, it will kind of move in the same direction. Eric, you want to top that off?

Yes. So on recycling, I think I would say it's really we're investing in R&D in process, but we're talking to customers about what a business model might look like, but it's really an early phase of that. And it's in -- we're investing at this point and trying to figure out what the business model would look like and what our role would be in that. But we're also investing in R&D to kind of get us there. So I don't think we're not sitting and waiting until we get the returns that we expect. And the kind of the biggest driver for that is there's not going to be lithium that's coming through the life cycle to feed recycling processes for another -- a number of years. And I'm sorry, the second question?

Yes. So I mean, the specs are evolving and -- but I don't know that processing costs are really going up. So we're driving hard on productivity, trying to drive those costs down. There are, in some cases, some steps that we've modified in order to meet some of the specs around crystallization. I don't think it's driving the cost up at this point, but it's probably offsetting some of our productivity gains but -- and it's -- as it gets more sophisticated, but we get better at making it. A lot of that's about process control. We are looking at one step in the process that we have to add in which would add a little bit of cost, but I think we would at a minimum, we'd offset that with our productivity.

And I would add to that. I mean, those productivity improvements, I mean, they flow through. It's much more difficult to get them on flat volumes. As we get volume growth, those really start to show up. But there'll be new facilities, which will then kind of redo the playbook on productivity again. But I think as volume grows, those really show up more.

Yes. So it's difficult to predict the future, but we kind of see it as kind of 1 customer that took exception, and we're going to work pretty hard to gain their confidence and get that customer back. But they've kind of taken a different view at the moment.

So I'll make a comment, and Eric can add some color. But I mean, I think we see the same numbers that you're seeing around spot prices. So they have moved, China spot prices. So we sell little to no volume in China on a spot basis. So it's not directly applicable, but it is indicative of the market. But we've not really seen prices change outside of China. So the contract prices we have are really seen. But as I've said earlier, it lessens the pressure on our discussions with customers. So it's not as much downward pressure as we had seen, say, second quarter, third quarter of last year because those spot prices have turned up. But we'll just have to see how it plays out during the year. At the moment, the spot prices are still below our contract prices. So it's not like a sea change. If it continues to move, it -- that could give us some upside. But at the moment, that -- those prices are still below our contract prices.

Yes. So I would say, I mean, we're predicting the future, right? And this industry has really only been through 1 down cycle. So we're coming off that. We don't anticipate that prices move back to the peaks that they were before, but we don't know that. So I think I'll leave it at that.

Yes. So I mean, I guess, our plans around the MARBL JV have evolved. But -- so the initial conversion is the Kemerton I/II. And as we see it today, the second conversion facility and the fact that 50,000 would be in China. So that would be probably that first project that we were talking about in the Wave III projects.

Yes. Absolutely. So if it's -- it'd be -- it'll be quite a bit less than a Western Australia plant.

Well, I don't know about this year. So we just have to see how we evolve as the Kemerton project comes on and then we accelerate growth. I mean, Wodgina is in our plans for being a resource. It's a very good quality resource. So it's there. I don't -- off the top of -- I don't want to commit to when we bring that resource on, but it would be as we start into these Phase III projects is when we would need that resource.

Yes. I think in terms of our view of the offshore oil market, I think it's muted slightly. Things have changed a little bit, but we do see oil prices recovering, which we know with the lag time of 6 to 9 months is going to be good for our business going forward. In terms of the U.S. expansion, it fits right along to the corporate strategy of accelerating our lower capital intensity, higher return growth projects. Magnolia, for example, it's a great jurisdiction for us, we've been there for decades, and we know those assets well. That really lends itself to investments to have a quicker return and a higher return and those are the ones we'll leverage as we grow this business going forward.

Yes. So I mean, FCS and PCS, we're on the same track that we were. It's gone slower. COVID slowed us down, but we're -- I'd say we're back on track, but they're not done yet. And as we said in the prepared remarks that we'll kind of let you know when we get closer or -- and those deals to get signed. On catalyst, I mean, we still think that we're kind of the best owners for that business. We've been in that business for some time. We add value. We've taken a hit over COVID-19 and the miles driven being down and refinery utilization, all of those issues. But we still think we like the strategy of kind of becoming more in crude to chemicals, moving toward Asia as we move, and we still like the products we have and the innovation we have in that business, we think we're the best owners of that business for today. So we don't have immediate plans around divestiture of catalysts. They're a core part of our businesses, the 3 businesses we have in the portfolio are all core for us.

Yes. So Eric, if you want to look at some detail on that, I would think as we bring those plants on and ramp them up, we'd expect to be selling kind of half of each in the first year.

Yes. So I don't -- and I don't think you're going to see much in '21. I mean we've got increased cost because we're commissioning and bringing those on. And if we were to -- if we could accelerate and get a little bit of sales, it would be offset by those costs, but I wouldn't be planning on benefit in '21. And initial -- and initially as it is most likely we'll feed that -- the Kemerton from the initial phases with Talison product.

Yes. So well, I would say the short answer on that is that was in our original agreement that we would do 2 of the 50,000 tons, and the one we expect to do would be the 1 in China. And so that's part of the JV. So we -- I mean -- and the JV was done because, one, to get the resource for the Wodgina mine we have at and also their expertise at mining to help us on that side. Because we're more of chemical processing expertise on our side. And they bring the expertise on the mining side. So that's kind of the logic behind overall. And that's part of the original deal that we did with them. So we're committed to doing another project, another conversion project with them.

Yes. So on the transfer price, I mean, it's a kind of established market price. So we were following Australian tax rules around that. And so it's a market -- I would say it's a market price. Arms length market transaction around that. And then the thermal evaporator, I mean the -- it was a return project, it's driven by financials, but probably just as much around sustainability. So it allows us to operate without water or much less water than we were using before. And that's an area where water is tight and then the cost of that. I think the returns were good. I don't recall exactly what they were. I don't know that they were extraordinary, but the benefit was also around from a sustainability perspective as well.

So I mean I think the -- I mean, I can't speak for the industry. So part of -- as we see acceleration in EV adoption, that's kind of what has moved us in this current pivot toward accelerating our growth plans. And the goal is that we kind of maintain our share in there. Eric, maybe you want to talk about the capacity in 2025? I don't have that number in my head.

Okay. Thank you, Joelle. In closing, Albemarle is well positioned to capitalize on long-term growth trends for all 3 of our core businesses. We have built the capabilities to accelerate low capital intensity, higher return growth. At the same time, we will continue to control what we can control. That means, first and foremost, focusing on the health and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. It also means building operational discipline and sustainability into all aspects of our business, including manufacturing, supply chain, capital project execution and customer experience. We remain confident in our strategy, and we will modify execution to position Albemarle for success. Thank you.