Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
2021 is off to a great start for Tractor Supply. I'm extremely proud and appreciative of the hard work by the more than 42,000 Tractor Supply and Petsense team members. Once again, they took care of each other and tirelessly served our customers, who depend on us to live the Out Here lifestyle. 
I also want to thank all of our supply chain and vendor partners. We've been operating in the COVID-19 environment for over a year now, and the Tractor Supply system has more than risen to the occasion as they strive to serve our mission and values every single day. 
While we anticipated that we would have our strongest growth of the year in the first quarter, our results were significantly ahead of our expectations. When you couple this performance with the continuing momentum we are seeing in the second quarter, the positive macro environment and our strong customer trends, we are adjusting our comp outlook to mid- to high single-digit growth in 2021. Kurt will share more details on the improved financial outlook for the year across our key financial metrics. 
Throughout the pandemic, our utmost priority has been the health and safety of our team members and customers. We continue to incur significant incremental expense for items like paid time-off, masks and testing. We remain committed to following the advice of the CDC and other medical professionals to protect our team and customers. 
As we enter the vaccination phase, we are committed to helping our team members who choose to get vaccinated to do so. We are providing a onetime payment of $50 and allowing time-off as needed for all team members who elect to receive a COVID-19 vaccine. To further alleviate the barriers to receiving a vaccine, we have partnered with a third-party provider to facilitate on-site vaccination at our 8 distribution centers and store support center. 
During the quarter, we also announced our entry into an agreement to acquire Orscheln Farm and Home, a retailer with 167 stores across 11 states. This is an exciting step for Tractor Supply as we look to expand our footprint in the Midwest with the high-quality assets of Orscheln Farm and Home. We have always had great respect for Barry Orscheln and team for the strong connection they have with customers in the communities they serve, along with their industry knowledge and capabilities. With our shared values and passion for the Out Here lifestyle, we look forward to bringing together our highly complementary cultures and teams to realize the long-term value and benefit that we expect this acquisition to deliver over time. 
As we previously disclosed, we received a second request from the SEC as part of their review of the transaction and are cooperating with that confidential review. Accordingly, we are limited in the comments we can make about the transaction at this time. 
I hope you all saw our release this week with our updated ESG tear sheet for 2020, which provides new and updated performance metrics and context related to our environmental sustainability efforts, our commitment to our team members and communities and corporate governance. This report helps us provide detailed information and progress on our ESG journey. In addition, we laid out our commitment to provide new targets in the fall this year as it relates to our greenhouse gas emission plan and our aspirational goals for diversity, equity, inclusion. These initiatives make great business sense for Tractor Supply. As a purpose-driven company, setting targets for ourselves creates long-term value and our potential to have a positive impact on the world. We remain committed to constant improvement on this journey. 
Now let's turn to the business review for the first quarter of 2021. We had exceptional net sales gains of 42.5%, with comparable store sales up 38.6%. We materially benefited in the quarter from transitory factors such as stimulus spending, favorable weather and inflation. Importantly, however, the underlying foundation of our business is robust, and we're gaining share across all categories, online and in stores and also with existing customers and new customers. Our Neighbor's Club membership reached 20 million-member strong. This is an important milestone for our loyalty program as we know that they are customers that shop us more frequently and they spend more money with us. 
We saw 2.5 million new customers shop with us in the quarter, and that's an increase of over 30% over last year. Reengaged customers also exhibited strong growth, up over 12% from the first quarter of 2020. And customer retention for both our new and reengaged customers continues to run above last year. 
We saw strong growth across all product categories and geographic regions of the country. Comps for each month of the quarter were above 30%. And our growth was well balanced between transactions and ticket growth. The business, like the last few quarters, continues to be very consistent and stable. 
For the fourth quarter, our e-commerce saw strong, triple-digit growth and increased significantly as a percentage of our overall sales. The work we did last year to improve our omnichannel capabilities continues to resonate with our customers. Ongoing improvements to the customer experience for better search capabilities and enhanced personalization are being recognized by our customers. 
As we've experienced in the last several quarters, we continue to see strong performance and market share gains in our consumable, usable and edible categories with growth in the mid-20% range. More specifically, we continue to be very encouraged by the trends we're seeing within our pet and poultry categories, where we're driving shopping frequency and market share gains. Over the last 15 months, our unaided brand awareness scores are up 17 percentage points. I believe these types of metrics serve as leading indicators of our brand health and future spending patterns of our customers. 
We continue to execute our shift away from print advertising to brand building and digital marketing. We're currently airing our national TV spring advertising campaign that highlights the strengths of Tractor Supply's offering to serve the seasonal needs of our customers to take care of their land, pets and animals. Overall, the strong first quarter highlighted the unique advantages that we have at Tractor Supply. Our team members delivered exceptional results in a generation-defining moment. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kurt to discuss some of the details of the first quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year.

Thank you, Kurt. I'd like to spend the next portion of the call covering some of the key customer trends we're seeing in the business, providing an update on our Life Out Here strategy and highlighting our spring programs. 
Our customer base is experiencing robust, broad-based shopping patterns that provide significant opportunities for growth. These types of trends can simply be described as once in a generation. We're seeing growth in all our customer segments and across all value tiers of spending with strong retention of existing and new customers. 
The fastest-growth customer segment is our core farm and ranch. This segment is very healthy as rural economies, for the most part, were less impacted by the pandemic and are recovering at a steeper and more robust rate. Importantly, we're gaining wallet share with our core customer as our highest- and medium-spend customer tiers are outpacing our lower-spend customer tier. 
As mentioned earlier, we continue to see strong new customer growth and notably are also seeing strong customer retention. As an example, for our new customers from the first quarter of 2020 last year, more than 50% have returned to shop with Tractor Supply. This is about 300 basis points higher than the cohort from the first quarter of 2019. 
We are seeing significant growth in our millennial shoppers. Over the last 12 months, we've seen a 400 basis point shift in the customer age cohorts of 18 to 45 years old. This demographic has long resisted many of the traditional generational norms, things like household formation and homeownership. But the pandemic has shocked this generation and accelerated their embracement of these types of activities. There continues to be a net migration out of urban areas largely driven by the millennial segment. The most robust homeownership growth is in the millennial cohort, with the growth coming in suburban and rural areas. We believe growth in this customer segment has staying power and could be a structural game changer for us. 
Another structural customer trend that is working to our advantage is the significant increase in pet-owning households and number of pets adopted. Compared to the overall U.S. household pet ownership of approximately 2/3, our customers over-index in pet ownership by about 10 points. And our current survey work with our customers indicate 25% have recently acquired and adopted a new pet. New companion animal ownership acts as an annuity for our business as these puppies and kittens grow up and have growing life cycle needs. We're also uniquely positioned to offer a growing menu of services such as pet wash, vet clinics, prescriptions and televet services. Whether it's more food, treats, toys, containment and more, the humanization of pet provides us with future opportunities for growth. 
These customer trends are an indication that we continue to benefit from the numerous tailwinds such as pet ownership, the millennial urban exodus, backyard poultry, homesteading and home as an oasis. We believe many of these consumer trends will be enduring shifts well into the future. Our brand momentum is stronger than ever, and we're investing to ensure we continue to play offense in the context of these trends. 
We are making excellent progress on our Life Out Here strategy and initiatives. At the beginning of April, we announced the relaunch of our Neighbor's Club program to be even bigger and better. When we launched Neighbor's Club nationwide in 2017, our vision was to create a unique Out Here community for our customers and a place for them to connect with us. The Neighbor's Club has permitted us to show appreciation to our loyal customers and to accumulate actionable customer data that has allowed us to deliver to our customers more relevant and personalized communications. 
Over the last 4 years, our loyalty program has served us well to be able to thank participating customers for being loyal customers, provide rewards and special offers they value, learn more about their purchasing trends and interest and ultimately increase customer loyalty to Tractor Supply stores. Today, our Neighbor's Club program has over 20 million members and is comprised of our most valuable customers. 
It is a perfect time to upgrade the program with the introduction of points and 3 tiers of status. Now, neighbors, can earn points on their purchases and redeem them for more rewards. They can earn their way to different levels so that when they spend, they earn more. With the new features of Neighbor's Club, we believe we have more tools and features than ever to help facilitate upward migration in spending and mitigate downward migration of spending by our members. 
The changes to Neighbor's Club were specifically based on our customers' feedback. The new rewards and benefits of Neighbor's Club are relevant to the customer's lifestyle such as trailer rentals and shipping benefits. We believe with the new Neighbor's Club benefits, we have an opportunity to support our customers in a more meaningful way. This, in turn, will provide us a platform for multiyear trajectory for growth as a clear business driver for us. 
More broadly, we are aggressively advancing our Life Out Here strategy. The FAST team is at scale in providing significant improvement in the execution of our merchandising initiatives. We continue to forecast about 150 to 200 side lot transformations to occur this year. As of today, we have over 40 stores operating and continue to refine our learnings for future build-outs, of which 35 are currently under construction. 
Project Fusion store remodels are also on track for completion of 150 to 200 stores this year. In addition, new stores are being built as Fusion stores with improved layout, signage, SKU expansion and adjacencies. While still early, we're very pleased with our customers' response to both the side lot transformation and the Project Fusion store layout. 
Now turning to spring. Our stores in e-commerce are well positioned to take advantage of the seasonal change to serve our customers. We remain committed to being the zero-turn headquarters with our market-leading assortment from Toro, Bad Boy and Cub Cadet. We have substantially expanded our assortment in grilling, raised bed garden and other backyard categories. And to capture share of wallet in the lawn and garden category, we have expanded our offerings on core products like long-handled tools, wheelbarrows, trailers and tillers. And Chick Days are underway with millions of customers relying on us for their poultry passion. Leveraging our localization efforts, we're expanding our tool corral to an additional 400 stores. 
And on the product innovation front, we're partnering with Carhartt to open a new store-within-a-store concept. This concept was created with our customer at the center of the shopping experience. And by partnering with Carhartt to double our selection, our stores have even more of what makes Tractor Supply a destination for workwear. The new store-within-a-store concept will roll out in more than 100 Tractor Supply stores in 2021 with additional stores to be added next year. 
To wrap up, I couldn't be prouder of the Tractor Supply team as they've remained agile in the face of a very challenging operating environment. My thanks and appreciation go out to each of them for helping to take care of each other and our customers while operating at a record-setting pace. 
We have an incredibly strong business and foundation. We see more positive macro factors than we did at the beginning of the year. Customers are shopping with us in record numbers, and we're investing in multiple initiatives to retain them and provide more reasons to shop with us in the future. 
We participate in a large and attractive market that we're working to expand further with initiatives such as side lots that will add to our product offering. By doing the right thing for our team members and customers, we're executing our Life Out Here strategy and building a stronger company for our shareholders. 
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Yes, Michael, and thanks for your question. As you mentioned, we've seen a significant amount of new customers shopping with us over the last 12-plus months with above-average retention rates continuing to hold. And as we mentioned, over 50% of the Q1 2020 cohort has shopped us again in the last 12 months. So very strong retention. 
When we look at the additional customer data, I'd highlight 2 big drivers of the new customers. First will be in the core farm and ranch. And that very much is a market share gain, where these are customers that have land, have animals, have had -- our value proposition has appeal to them over time and, for a variety of reasons, they're choosing to now shop with Tractor Supply. And I think that has a lot to do with the investments we've made in technology, the investments we've made in safety and health and cleanliness in our stores and certainly the focus we've had on inventory and customer service. 
And then the second thing I'd bring up is kind of the millennial customer, which we highlighted in our prepared remarks. This segment had a very large increase as a percentage of our sales in Q1. And really, when we look at the data, it really is around the migration of people out of urban environments into suburban and rural environments. And that generation is starting to kind of take -- form households, buy homes. And as part of that, the Out Here lifestyle is part of the aspiration that they have when they moved out to the suburbia or when they moved out to rural America. And we do really feel like this is a structural trend that will continue to provide growth for us as we look out the balance of this year and beyond.

This is Hal and thanks for your question. I'd start by just saying we are -- the Life Out Here strategy is off to an excellent start. We are -- on across all of the initiatives that we have, they're all underway and getting excellent traction. As we highlighted, the 2 -- Neighbor's Club relaunched a month ago, off to an excellent start there. The FAST team, multiple months of maturation there, having a big impact. Fusion and side lot are early days, as we noted in our prepared remarks. We have implemented them in a large number of stores already. They've had good customer reactions early on, and the sales performance is as we expected. And in our Q2 call and beyond, you can expect to hear more on performance of those from us as we get through the all-important springtime and we're able to fully evaluate the results.

Yes, Kate, and thanks for your question. We are very pleased with the performance of our online business. As we noted in our press release and in our prepared remarks, our fourth quarter now of over 100% growth in the business and its penetration rates continued to increase as an overall percent of our sales. 
Buy Online Pickup in Store continues to remain approximately 75% of our digital sales and with curbside pickup still being about 75% of that Buy Online Pickup in Store. So that's -- so the customer behavior, even with the growth, continues to kind of stay similar to what it has been in the past. 
But what we are seeing is just a much more -- our execution, both from the customer order all the way through to customer pickup, is just much more efficient than it was this time last year. And that's really due to all the investments that we've made and just the outstanding execution by the team. 
And I'll give a brief example of that. We rolled out our first mobile app last year in the summertime. We now have over 1 million downloads of that app, and it's becoming a material portion of our digital sales. 
As the customer does a Buy Online Pickup in Store order in our app, they can note their -- the type of vehicle they're driving, the model, the color and then any special pickup requirements they have like maybe opening up the back of an SUV and putting it in there without even engaging with the customer. 
Then, as soon as the order is placed, we have Theatro headsets in our stores for every single team member. That task, within moments after the order is placed to sit down to that store, the team member acknowledges, and well over 90% of our orders are now being picked in less than an hour. As soon as the order is completed by the team member, they then check it in with our mobile handheld, which we doubled the capacity of those in our stores last year, and then they take the order up to BOPIS Lockers, which we just rolled out in November of last year. The average store has 3. And then the customer gets a notification saying it's ready. 
On their way into our store, we have an On My Way functionality. The customer can hit that. As soon as the customer enters our parking lot, the team member gets a notification saying they're ready for the order to be picked up. And then in their Theatro headset, it will actually tell them, Kurt Barton in a white Ford F-150 is ready for their order. And they'll walk right out, and they will drop the order in the back of the SUV, as it was indicated. 
We're doing well over 90% of that in minutes now. And then they take the handheld device out there, complete the order because we've rolled out additional WiFi access points on the front, and the customer drives off. And that is a big percentage of our orders, the customer scenario I just articulated. And the vast majority of the technology as well as the operational components of that are all new from last year. And so just real kudos to the team for really just implementing a large number of technologies last year as well as operational procedures.

Yes. I'd say our datasets that we're looking at as it relates to kind of the urban departure into rural and suburban is really a combination of our own data, plus what we're pulling in from external data sources. 
And if you look at the millennial population in general, this is one that for over -- almost 10, 15 years now, I think all of us have been wondering if that generation will eventually conform to normal generational activities like householding and buying homes and such. And I do think that the pandemic really shocked that generation, and you're pulling forward now 3 or 4 years of those sorts of activities into a year. 
And if you look at home purchases, if you look at household formation, that generation is spiking above all the other generations in those activities. And the urban home purchases, that generation are declining, but rural and suburban are increasing. And we see that in our dataset as well as we talked about the millennial cohort increasing by 4 percentage points as a percent of our business in the first quarter. And we're seeing it in our stores in the products that they're buying and in the way they're engaging. I think we've mentioned in the past we sold 11 million birds last year, and half of those birds went to new customers. And it just shows you a category like poultry, which we're far and away the market share leader in, and -- it's a category that really had a renaissance -- went through a renaissance last year and it's continuing this year in our stores. And you see a lot of new customers coming in and buying coops, buying birds and buying everything that goes along necessary for that passion. And then they're taking it out to their new homes in the suburban and rural areas and enjoying the Out Here lifestyle.

Yes. I'd say we've been really, really focused on our customer over the last 12 or 15 months and with the -- are trying to make sure that the competitive -- we stay out ahead of them and we're creating a compelling kind of competitive advantage, whether that's in inventory -- and really pleased -- as Kurt said, we'd like to have more inventory. But to finish the first quarter 2 percentage points above last year given our comp rates, we were relatively pleased there. 
We have 10,000 more team members than we had this time last year. That's really indicative of our focus on customer service. And then if you think about the digital enhancements we made, that's really about staying ahead of the customer as well. And then also, the investment we've made in our brand over the last year, would be remiss if I didn't point out the 17-point increase in our unaided brand awareness, moving from 34 points unaided brand awareness to 51 points of unaided brand awareness over the last 15 months. 
And I think all that kind of comes together to create a really compelling reason to shop Tractor Supply, and we're certainly seeing the footsteps in our stores and on our website and just staying focused on the customer.

Sorry, could you repeat that second part of the question? In muffled on us, I apologize.

Yes. So I'd start by first saying our Neighbor's Club members represent over 60% of our sales, and they shop us much more frequently than our non-Neighbor's Club members do. And we are seeing equivalent growth in our Neighbor's Club sales as we are in our non-Neighbor's Club sales. So they continue to be very active, very vibrant group. 
And we're really excited about the rollout of our new loyalty program, because what it does is creates 3 tiers and rewards our customers based -- the more they spend and the more they earn. And we're excited about lifting our -- their purchase rates from one tier to the next and kind of driving that upward migration. But they are -- it's a really strong customer group for us, and we're really pleased with the results we've had in the last year and excited about the ongoing developments in the program.

Yes.

Yes. So first off, on the side lot, I'd say we've learned a lot over the last 6 months on the rollout of that program and are very pleased with the progress we've made. The team has done just an excellent job navigating through permitting, navigating through kind of COVID and construction crews, also navigating kind of access to steel fixtures and all those sorts of things that are kind of creating a very difficult operating environment. And we've done a lot of staffing and hiring of project managers, et cetera, and really pleased with the progress we're making. 
The team is working full out on the rollout of them this year. We're confident and kind of reaffirmed our guidance on $150 million to $200 million by the end of this year. And we'll update you on our plans for 2022 and beyond as we get further into the year. But we still feel very good about 1,500-plus of our stores being applicable to both Fusion and side lot and remain focused on that goal and executing those initiatives as quickly as possible but also with outstanding precision of execution as well.

Yes. I mean if we -- yes, I mean, I think we're running at the right pace right now would be the thing. And if we can speed up as we get further into it, we will. But I think we're running at the right pace right now. There's -- we're not -- we're certainly not constraining ourselves kind of from a kind of capital investment perspective or resourcing perspective. I think we're running at the rate that is appropriate for kind of our company right now.

Yes. Scott, I'd say...

Yes. I'd start by saying, first, a couple -- I'll give a couple of data points on that, Scott. So over -- around 1/3 of our new customers join the Neighbor's Club. And so we are seeing good movement of those new customers into the Neighbor's Club program. And the 2 biggest drivers of new customers into our stores are pet and feed. And that kind of --  to my comments earlier around core farm and ranch customer and kind of the millennial customer, you kind of -- the trends are kind of applicable, the core farm and ranch customers coming in and buying feed, the millennial customers coming in and buying pet food or chicken feed to kind of fuel those passions and that habit -- those habits. And then of those new customers, about 1/3 are converting to our Neighbor's Club as they shop with us. And then obviously, we would look for that to -- that pace to pick up over time. But feel really good about our customer trends and about pet as an attraction for those customer trends but also poultry and feed, and then the conversion of those new customers into our loyal Neighbor's Club members.

Yes. So the Neighbor's Club program is off to an -- the relaunch is off to an excellent start. At this point, the customer comments are more anecdotal in nature in terms of their positive orientation around the tiers and the excitement about some of the special perks that come along within around free same day, just next-day delivery for a top tier one -- as well as access to trailer rentals and such. 
And then I'd say they all -- we just had our first drop of points going to customers earlier this week. And so we're just starting to see some of those redemptions and such, and we'll be able to talk a bit more about migration of customers over the next couple of quarters. 
And then the gross margin impact and modest sales impact that Kurt mentioned in his prepared remarks is really more of a Q2 phenomena that abates as we get further into the year.