Hey, thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. 
On today's call, I'm going to provide a quick recap on quarterly performance but want to spend the bulk of my time on the long-term position we're taking and how the recent strategic decisions we've made support that view. Scott will provide more detail into our third quarter and full year performance. 
Excluding currency impacts, third quarter revenue grew by 14%, adjusted EBITDA by 12% and adjusted diluted earnings per share by 22% year-over-year. Excluding currency impact, each of our GBUs delivered year-on-year EBITDA growth. Increased volume across all of our businesses and favorable year-over-year pricing in lithium and bromine contributed to that growth. 
With that, let me take a step back and set the stage for where we are today. As you know, the lithium market is dynamic. It offers a very strong future growth opportunity, and the long-term secular growth trends remain fully intact. However, we are and will be dealing with the challenging market conditions for the next 12 to 18 months. Since late July, we have announced several significant strategic actions to successfully position our business for the long term. 
Last quarter, we announced the decision to defer work on approximately 125,000 metric tons of conversion capacity, freeing up about $1.5 billion of our $5 billion 5-year capital investment plan. This will enable us to generate free cash in 2021 and is the right path to take based on current supply-demand dynamics and provides us with the financial flexibility to take advantage of any opportunities we see. 
Importantly, this decision does not affect current customer commitments. We are in the position to deliver on all committed contracts, and we have the ability to add capacity if current market dynamics improve. As you know, we have access to geographically diverse, high-quality, low-cost lithium resources and the financial flexibility to build or buy conversion capacity in the future, if doing so creates value for our stakeholders. 
As we will discuss in detail at our upcoming Investor Day in December, battery technology continues to advance. We expect carbonate demand to continue to grow but expect hydroxide demand to be much stronger. To that end, we're focused on remaining an agnostic lithium producer. Whether our customers want carbonate or hydroxide or other lithium products, we have access to the world's best brine and hard rock and industry-leading conversion expertise to deliver on their needs. And we remain committed to investing to maintain our competitive position and deliver a truly differentiated customer value proposition. 
When we shared our strategy in 2017, we told investors that we would take advantage of opportunities that accelerate and strengthen our long-term growth strategy. To that end, we announced last week the completion of our joint venture agreement with Mineral Resources, where we have a majority interest in a 60-40 ownership structure. All in, our investment of $1.3 billion consists of a cash payment of $820 million to MRL for 60% of the Wodgina mine and contribution of a 40% interest in our 50,000 metric ton hydroxide facility currently under construction in Kemerton, Western Australia. 
We believe our investment in this new joint venture named MARBL Lithium will produce substantial long-term value. The JV provides access to a high-quality hard rock source, further diversifying our global lithium resource base and strengthens our position in the long term by giving us the ability to increase capacity to support future market demand. 
With the combined operating expertise of Albemarle and MRL, the top-tier Wodgina mine and our market knowledge, we're well positioned to benefit from a rapidly growing market, which is increasingly emphasizing hydroxide. The joint venture supports our long-term view, but in the short term, we made the decision to idle production of the Wodgina mine until market conditions support production economics. The returns for this project will still be very attractive. We anticipate that when the JV is producing lithium hydroxide at a rate of 100,000 met tons annually, the return on invested capital will be a healthy 17% to 19% or roughly 2x our cost of capital. 
Staying with lithium, I want to address pricing and contracts. As we commented in our preliminary earnings announcement, current marketing conditions are challenging, and we're experiencing pricing pressures in China and on our technical-grade products. To date, our pricing strategy under our long-term battery-grade contracts have held. 
As you can see on Pages 10 and 11 of our earnings presentation, Albemarle's third quarter lithium pricing was up slightly year-over-year despite a significant year-over-year decline in market conditions. Recently reported China carbonate prices appear to have stabilized in the range of $7 a kilo. We expect that this price level is at or near the marginal cost of production and do not expect China carbonate prices to drop further in any material way. However, China carbonate at $7 a kilo puts pressure on pricing across the global lithium portfolio, including the fixed and variable pieces under our long-term agreements. 
We know that our long-term agreements are of great interest, concern and focus, so let me broadly address the matter here. As we have been in the past, we are in active discussions with customers on our agreements. Those discussions involve price, volume, allocations between carbonate and hydroxide, length of the contract and the value that Albemarle offers for quality, security of supply, flexibility between carbonate and hydroxide, sheer volume of product needed and the ability to meet the customers' growth expectations. 
It is obviously not in our best commercial interest to discuss contract negotiations publicly, so we are not going to do it. These are active discussions with many moving pieces. As the dust settles on these negotiations, we'll give you a better look at what this means for our annual outlook. Rest assured that we understand the value we bring to the supply chain, and we intend to capture our fair share in these discussions. 
Now let me switch gears and talk a little bit about 2020. As a part of our strategy, we continue to assess our business portfolio. We have received multiple inquiries about our fine chemistry services and performance catalyst solutions businesses. So we have initiated 2 processes to pursue these opportunities. They are both profitable businesses with strong operating teams. So if we can come to agreement on an evaluation that we feel is appropriate, we will pursue a divestiture. If we are not able to secure a valuation that we believe to be appropriate or in the best interests of our stakeholders, we will continue to operate these businesses. We would expect both of these transactions to be 2020 events. 
In terms of how we see our portfolio performing in 2020 versus 2019, our preliminary view today is that we expect catalyst, bromine and fine chemistry services to be essentially flat. There are some gives and takes in each but right now, assuming no overall economic slowdown, these businesses should net to approximately flat. 
Lithium will be lower year-over-year due to pricing pressure across the portfolio and are not having new conversion capacity to drive any significant volume growth. We have initiated a structured program across the company to capture sustainable cost savings and expect this program to deliver over $100 million in sustainable cost savings over the next 2 years. Taking all this into account, our preliminary view is that our full year 2020 EBITDA performance could be lower than full year 2019 results by around 10%. 
In closing, we are taking swift actions to navigate the market challenges that we see in 2020 and emerge even stronger to capture the long-term growth opportunity in a profitable manner. We will continue to build on our strength in manufacturing excellence in bromine and catalyst, and we will transform processes for lithium similar to our other businesses to ensure best-in-class operations. We can -- we will continue to be conscientious in our asset management and capital plan, and seek to be nimble in responses to changing and dynamic market conditions. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Yes. So this is Luke. Let me try that at a high level. If you look at Page 11 on our -- on the earnings presentation, you can see that year-over-year lithium prices is down about 30%. And Albemarle has been flat to up slightly on our year-over-year comparisons each quarter on lithium pricing. So the big mover that we're seeing on the down for the profitability from '19 to '20 all comes down to lithium pricing and how much of that we can offset with cost reductions. 
On catalysts, when we look next year, we'll have probably higher volume in FCC catalysts. And it depends on HPC how those bills -- how they timeout. Do we get some in the second half of next year or they roll into 2021? So again, catalysts will be -- there's some moving bits and pieces there, but FCC would probably be stronger from a volume and price standpoint and HPC, probably a little bit weaker. But we're working hard to get some of those additional loads in 2020. 
And then on bromine, we don't have any additional volume. I mean we're running flat out right now and allocating every bromine molecule we have, so it all comes down to, what do we see from an overall economic condition, what happens in the electronics, what do we see from automotive, will we see a little pickup and does pricing hold? And then that's offset by our cost action. 
So those are the big moving pieces. It's preliminary right now. We'll obviously have more information as we finish this quarter and head into next year. So we'll update that on our -- at our year-end earnings call.

Well, under those contracting structures, we have the ability to raise price on a certain percentage of that volumes, just like we have in the past. So we would -- if the conditions tighten, we'll certainly be looking at pricing actions that we can take to raise those prices.

Yes. I'm going to let Netha start, and then I'll -- to go into the specific, and then I'll tell you at a high level where we are.

So at a high level, we've been dealing with the -- if you look at TOSCA in the U.S., if you look at some of the European regulations globally, all of these flame retardants have been under review for -- since I joined Albemarle in 2003. And we've done a really good job of moving away from some of the products that were smaller. So we're getting a larger molecule, so it's harder for them to bioaccumulate, if at all. And we are constantly evolving our technology to be able to meet the needs that the customers have. 
So what you see in Europe, it's a small piece today. We believe it's controlled in that sense. And we continue to innovate to bring products to the market to meet what's really needed and is a serious issue related to flame retardants. And so I think that it's -- it won't have an effect in 2020, maybe a small effect, if anything, around the edges. In the long term, we'll continue to innovate to provide the really needed flame retardants that our customers need.

Well, I think all those 4, 5 tech-savvy producers you're talking about have sufficient volume. It's -- what you're seeing is there's an oversupply in the market today. I talked about it, carbonates selling in China right now at $7 a kilo. That's probably below some of the cash conversion costs for some of those China converters. 
So I would -- you should not have the impression that there's any technological advance by some of the marginal producers. It's not. It is where it's been. The specs are getting tighter. And ultimately, long term, it's going to be for those EV battery grades. You're going to see those big, big 4 or 5 able to meet those specs on a consistent regular basis with the volume. There is other volume out there that is not the EV spec, and that's where you're seeing, in the technical grade and some other lower specs for other uses, you're seeing those lower producers, lower technology producers being able to come in at a price that they're comfortable with.

Yes. So as I said, I'm not going to get into discussions about specific contracts because we're in the middle of negotiation. And that doesn't do us any good. So I hope you'll understand that. 
So let me back up and just say at a high level, there is pricing pressure across the portfolio. The most pressure is coming in carbonate, particularly in technical grade and in China, but that is having a ripple effect across the portfolio. So you're going to see it, as you said, different levels of price movement according to different products and according to that end market. But that's about as much as I'm comfortable going into, given the fact that we're in the middle of discussions.

Yes. So I can't see us buying carbonate from other parties to do anything. We'll have sufficient carbonate supply to do whatever we need to do. From a spodumene standpoint because of our geographic diversity that we have around the globe, what we'll do is we'll source spodumene from the source that gives us the highest netback to Albemarle and our stakeholders. So we're all in the -- we'll see where the market shakes out and where we are at that point in time. But you are right that we have flexibility for sourcing that no other producers have.

Ask that question one more time, please. I'm not sure I'm following you.

Yes. If you look at Page 11, you'll see that most of the -- over -- and a lot of the price decline that we've seen year-over-year, it accelerated in the third quarter. So you see -- you saw an acceleration of price decline overall for the market for lithium products in the third quarter. If they're down 30%, in some of those, it was 15% of that down was -- about half of it was you saw in the third quarter year-over-year. So prices have continued to decelerate going into the fourth quarter. Eric, do you want to talk about some details?

Yes. I think we've been able to get some nice get rights in our JBC expansion that we did last year. That's enabling us to run at a little bit higher rates than we expected when we set the plan in place. And that will be the new run rate going forward. But we always do productivity enhancements and utilization increases, and we'll continue to do that. And we're very confident in our manufacturing capability to continue to give out increased volumes from those manufacturing enhancements.

Yes. This is Luke. Don't -- we didn't -- what Eric was just talking about was overall. That included battery grade as well as technical grade. So we think there's an overhang of the supply chain for lithium derivatives overall. 
And what I said in the prepared remarks is we think we're looking at 12 to 18 months of trying market conditions, and we think that's about the time it's going to take for people to work it off. That's our view today.

Yes. I can't comment on what other people are thinking about doing. I can tell you what we're doing is we're going to take control of what we can control. So you can see when the joint venture deal with MRL closed, we made the decision to idle those assets because we don't need to bring any more spodumene right to the market in these market conditions. 
Secondly, we're going to take actions internally from a cost standpoint to ensure that what we can control, we will control.

Yes. The Talison contribution to '20 relative to '19, remember that Talison is a raw material supplier to Tianqi and Albemarle. And that's really it, both from a technical-grade perspective as well as from a battery-grade perspective that we take that rock and convert it as Tianqi does into our -- in our assets or in toll converters. So it's going to be -- essentially, that volume will be similar to up slightly [ based on ] Tianqi's bringing on a new plant. And so I would expect it to be slightly higher than what we saw in 2019.

Go ahead, Raphael.

Yes. This is Luke. HPC is just simply a lumpy business. And what you have to do is the customer mix, the product mix as well as what that -- what the fills are going to be in any one period of time. So that's the only reason I say it could be down. It's got nothing to do with overall market demand, not a share issue, not a price issue. It's just simply a matter of the fills that we expect today. 
Now if we were sitting here in 2018, we got more fills in 2019 than we expected we'd get in '18. So the team is still working. We may be able to move some orders up a little bit or get a little bit better mix. So it's early. But yet, people ask what an indication is from where we are today, it looks like HPC is going to be a little bit down and FCC is going to be up. Thanks.

Go ahead, Eric.

So if you look to 2020, David, I would expect that from a volume standpoint, we'd probably have maybe 5,000 to 7,500 metric tons of growth. That assumes we get additional growth in and run La Negra at rates -- we don't have another rain incident like we did in the first quarter. The brine is percolating down there the way it ought to be. And they ran at October rates at the highest rate they've ever run. Now we've got to sustain that all into 2020. 
And then we'll get a full year of Xinyu II from what we ran this year. So that's how I get to about the 5,000 to the 7,500 or 8,000 met tons, okay?

Yes. I don't know how much we're going to get in next year because some of it is -- it's going to take a little bit of time. So we will update you in December. We'll have more information at the Investor Day. And then when we roll out into our fourth quarter earnings call, we'll give you more update, David.

Yes. So let me do the first one, and Eric can talk about some details. We're running about 38,000. Is that about right, Eric?

Between 38,000, 39,000 met tons for La Negra this year. And one of the things that we've done is we've taken some of the best process engineers we have around the company from Catalyst from Fine Chemistry Services from Bromine, and they've been down in La Negra over the last couple of months, helping with some best-in-class, some debottlenecks and things like that. So I'm confident next year that we'll be able to build from where we are, not have the rain events, not have the struggles with the brine because of the rain and things such as that. So I feel good about where we are and the progress that we're making.

That's a lot of questions, so let me try to address them one at a time. Overall, we don't take any brine from anybody else and toll it. And we don't give our brine to anybody else to toll for us. So if we have a slowdown at La Negra where we lose 1,000 metric tons, we take spodumene from our Talison supply and have a third party, generally and kind of toll it, either to carbonate or hydroxide. And we generally, if it's tolled to carbonate, at least in 2019, previously, it might have been a little bit different. But in 2019, we used that for internal consumption mainly to go downstream into our specialty businesses. And we continue to sell our carbonate directly to third-party customers.

That's exactly right, Dmitry.

Yes. So let me be clear, Dmitry. It is not the refining catalyst. It is not FCC, and it is not HPC. The inquiries have been for the PCS portion of that business, which you are right, are the organometallics and the curatives.

Dmitry, that's like asking me which one of my children are favorite. I love them all. I wouldn't call them an orphan business, but I would say that they are quality businesses with good operating teams that can do much better if they have a focus and additional capital. And with the competition for capital that we have, they're just not going to get it. So it's a better value creation for our stakeholders for divestiture if, and only if, the valuation is where it needs to be. So that's how I look at it, okay?

Well, the best cost position in the world from spodumene rock is Talison. And if you followed the purity of the rock and the lack of foreign substances in there, you follow the cost curve, Talison is the premier in the world. 
If you take Talison out of the picture, then Wodgina is right up there on the cost curve with the low-cost producers out there from a quality resource, from the size of the resource, from the length that we're going to be able to mine there, from a cost position that we'll be able to get. So it's a top-tier resource from a cost standpoint and from a quality standpoint. 
Remember, we weren't planning to sell that spodumene. We were going to use it to convert it to lithium hydroxide. And when we look at the market today, it makes sense for us, we think, today to treat Wodgina the same way we treat Talison as a raw material source for the MRBL Limited joint venture between Albemarle and MRL. So we'll get Kemerton online, and we'll start that mechanical completion sometime in 2021. We'll have a period of time where we have to have qualification runs. And then we'll look to source Wodgina with Kemerton to the extent the market conditions make sense for us to bring whatever amount of capacity it makes for us to bring on for lithium hydroxide. We don't need to operate it wide open on day 1. We'll bring on capacity to meet that demand for lithium hydroxide. And that will dictate how we run the Wodgina mine.

Yes. I think lithium will be able to fund it. If we start back and look, lithium will be cash flow positive in 2021, '22 kind of time frame, inclusive of servicing its debt, if you had to and things like that. But right now, our goal is to drive shareholder value. 
When we look at our portfolio today, we see bromine and catalysts good, solid business, high EBITDA margins that allows us to harvest cash and use that for the Lithium business. So we will consistently, as we always have, look at our portfolio. But for the foreseeable future, we like where we are after these 2 divestitures.

We -- as we said, I think on the call, you got $7 a kilo price kind of in China right now. We think that's about where their cash cost of conversion is. I have seen a hard time them going much, much lower than that.

Yes. So Kevin, we're talking to everybody. As I said, we're in negotiations under our existing long-term agreements and for new long-term agreements, both in the -- both with the OEMs as well as with additional battery producers. So we're in negotiations and in discussions with a lot of moving parts and pieces. 
And what that tells me is that there's ability -- there is a need for a security of supply from companies like Albemarle. And everybody knows we're not going to enter into a contract long term today at a $7 a kilo price for carbonate. It's just not going to happen. We're not going to do it. It don't make any sense for us to do it and allot that in because we think the market is going to move up. So we know the value we bring. I think the customers know the value that we bring as well. And we're inclined to enter into agreements that will drive value for our stakeholders. That's the best way I know to describe it.