Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. To begin this morning, I want to thank all of the Tractor Supply and Petsense team members for their tremendous efforts during the recent hurricane season, as they went the country mile for many of our customers. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all of our team members and the communities who have been directly impacted by the recent hurricanes. 
Now for the business results. We are delighted with our strong third quarter performance, driven by overall robust sales growth. Once again, our results were driven by broad-based strength across all geographic regions, as well as increases in both comparable average ticket and traffic, and all merchandising divisions achieved positive comp sales in the quarter. Our third quarter results represent the fifth consecutive quarter of comp store sales above 3% as we cycled our most difficult quarterly comparison of a year ago. 
During the quarter, the Tractor Supply team executed well across many of our areas: Store operations, merchandising, supply chain and planning and placement. While the overall retail economy is doing well, our teams did a great job of developing plans that resonated with our customers, that were seasonally relevant and continued to drive transactions and our average ticket. 
We continue to be in-stock for our customers with our everyday basic assortments that we know our customers depend on from Tractor Supply that help them live their Out Here lifestyle. As I shared with you last quarter, I believe the macro backdrop for our consumer is relatively healthy, given the recent trends in unemployment and consumer confidence. For Tractor Supply, the macro headwinds we've experienced over the last several years have abated and the team is now in a position to capitalize on the current consumer trends. 
We continued to see some benefit from energy-related markets along with inflationary trends, both of which are positively contributing to our topline performance. Given our performance through the third quarter, we are raising our full year outlook given the ongoing strength in our business. We believe our merchandising, marketing efforts, along with our ONETractor strategy initiatives, have well-positioned us for years to come. 
Let us touch on a few highlights for the third quarter as compared to third quarter last year. Net sales increased 9.3% to $1.8 billion for the quarter as we stayed the course on our strategy to open new stores at both Tractor Supply and Petsense. Comparable store sales increased 5.1% in the third quarter, with comp average ticket increasing 3.6% and transactions growing at plus 1.4% in the quarter. This quarter marks 41 out of 42 quarters that our customer traffic count has been positive. Consistent with the second quarter of this year, the average ticket increase continued to be among the best we have had in the last 6 years. 
Diluted EPS was $0.95, an increase of nearly 32%. Year-to-date, we have returned $398 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. And based on our performance year-to-date, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.23 to $4.27, up from our previous guidance of $4.10 to $4.20. 
Now let's take a look at several of the operational highlights for the quarter. We opened 23 new Tractor Supply stores and 7 Petsense locations. Our overall customer satisfaction scores continued to be at record levels. Based on our recently completed team member engagement survey, our scores continued to be very, very strong. We continued to see growth in our Neighbor's Club loyalty program, now with over 9.7 (sic) [ 9.7 million ] members as we are well on track to exceed our goal of 10 million Neighbor's Club members by the end of this year. This quarter marks our 25th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business, and during the third quarter, we've continued to experience exceptional growth with Buy Online Pickup in Store, again exceeding our expectations. This tool encourages customers to come into the store to pick up online orders and this is resulting in 20% of our customers making an incremental purchase. 
Between the combination of Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to the stores, more than 70% of our e-commerce orders continued to be fulfilled at a store level, illustrating the importance of our store assets and their key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. Importantly, this is a very cost-effective way to serve our customers with greater speed, convenience and efficiency. 
We believe that with our capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, mobile point-of-sale, Neighbor's Club and Stockyard in-store kiosks, we are uniquely positioned to serve this customer base better than anyone in this fragmented market. And we see significant opportunities to broaden our consumer reach and increase our market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time. 
Our ONETractor strategy remains focused on the same 4 objectives: Driving profitable growth; building customer-centric engagement; offering the most relevant products and services; and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capability. We are building solid momentum behind our ONETractor strategy to serve our customers anytime, anywhere and any way they choose. I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us well to meet the unique preferences our customers have for demand-driven, immediate need products in an easy and seamless shopping experience. We also believe that the continued convergence of our physical and digital storefronts and the updates to our in-store and online shopping experience are attractive, defensible and are resonating with our customers. We believe these will drive our performance in the coming years. 
For 2018, we are on track to open 80 new Tractor stores and 20 new Petsense store locations and we continue to be pleased with our new store productivity and returns. 
Now before I turn the call over to Steve, there's one topic we continue to monitor very closely, and that is the tariffs on products from China and their impact on our business. Please keep in mind, we have a large segment of our business, such as our consumable, usable and edible products, that would be very -- impacted very little to none at all. Depending on the product category, the team is working through our plans to mitigate the potential impact of tariffs. We will continue to watch this topic closely, as there are many moving parts and it is a fluid process. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.

Thank you, Kurt. And I'll reiterate again, we believe we've really had a strong third quarter and we are on track for a very solid year-end. We have a unique and differentiated model that positions us well for the future. I again want to thank the more than 29,000 team members across the company that allowed us to deliver a great quarter. And I appreciate their hard work and I know that they are providing legendary customer service every day to our out there -- and Out Here lifestyle customers. 
With that, Mary Winn, we would like to open the lines for questions.

Michael, we can quantify what we bring in on a direct basis. We said for a long time, about 10% of our overall mix of products comes from outside the country. A high percentage of that mix comes from China. But the part that is difficult to quantify and we are now starting to see the impacts of it, is the indirect things, the componentry parts that are going into U.S.-made products or U.S.-assembled products. And the team's done a great job of quantifying and putting together a plan, not only to deal with what we've got coming on a direct basis, but what we are seeing as, I'll call it, artificial inflation, okay, on the products that are being tariffed, that are componentry driven, that are driving costs up in some other categories. So yes, we understand it. We've got our hands around it, we've got a great plan behind it and we'll execute to that.

Well, I'll start and let Steve and Kurt come in here. We baked into the plans the expectation that tariffs are going to move to 25%. I'll also tell you that you just can't artificially raise price. There will be some consumer, we think, pushback potentially in some categories. So we're working diligently with our manufacturing base to look for cost reductions from them. We've also brought some, pushed some goods in forward to get ahead of some of that tariff impact. And then there will be a combination of some price increases in certain categories. This is just going to be unavoidable. But we are going to do all we can to keep the impact to our customer at a minimum.

Liz, this is Greg. Here's what I'll tell you about Petsense. We are pleased with our overall performance, it was very positive. We will have 180 stores by year-end. As you know, we are going through a lot of back-house integration right now that won't be completed until about the mid of 2019, and that's giving them the capability to manage and operate their business very similarly to the way we do here at Tractor Supply. As you probably recall, they were a private company that was run a little bit more entrepreneurial, and we've kind of brought them into the way of thinking about how if they're going to someday be a 500- to 800- to a 1,000-store chain, they needed to have the capabilities of a Tractor Supply in as a back house for them. So we are very pleased with how that integration is going. We are also testing several new store formats within Petsense, new color palette, new decor, new layouts. And so far, the few that we've got up, we are very pleased with those performances. We are also doing some other things within the mix of product. The differentiation of product is important. Just as Steve mentioned about what we've done within the categories of Tractor, we have the same opportunities in Petsense and we've launched True Source about a year ago. True Source is becoming a major force inside the Petsense brand. And then what our belief is, is this is still going to be a growth vehicle for us as a company, in both that rural and ex-suburban community over the next 5 to 7 years. But very pleased with the performance and more to be shared as we get a larger store base out there.

It is not. It is a very simple, straightforward format. We have not converted over to the Tractor platform just yet, that will be in '19. We are today using a third-party format through the distributor, one of our major distributors. But that also will be an opportunity going forward. But to be very honest, there hasn't been a tremendous amount of e-commerce business being generated from the Petsense locations. It's a very convenient, one-stop-shop, it's a high service location. So just -- the food side of it could accelerate once we get the new platform in place. But I think it's more of a store where people like to visit. They come there with their pets, grooming is a big component and adoption and so on. So it's a little bit different format than just selling product online. This is really more of an experience store, just like Tractor.

Thank you.