Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I hope you enjoyed the opening video. We will all always remember 2020. And while we'll never recall the year with anything close to fondness, at Tractor Supply, 2020 will be remembered with a small measure of pride as we reflect on our efforts to take care of our fellow team members, support our customers and invest in the future.
None of these results would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our team, and I want to express my sincere appreciation and gratitude to the more than 42,000 Tractor Supply team members for how they have lived our mission and values and worked together to take care of each other and our customers. My thanks also go out to our supply chain and vendor partners, who've done an excellent job supporting our business.
The environment continues to be uncertain and challenging. Vaccines are on the rise, but our country is still very much in the midst of a pandemic. Given the pace of the vaccine rollout, it will be at least fall before we're back to some form of normality. Throughout the pandemic, our utmost priority has been to take care of the health and safety and well-being of our team members and customers. We spent tens of millions of dollars on cleaning and mask, plexiglass and sanitizer. We provided almost 700,000 hours of COVID sick pay. We have conducted nearly 20,000 COVID tests. And we rolled out company-wide contact-tracing wearable devices for all team members to use. We will continue to spare no expense in this area in 2021.
In addition to rolling out industry-leading safety protocols, we've also shown our commitment to our team members through appreciation bonuses, increased wages and broader benefits offerings. At Tractor Supply, we are committed to being a part of the solution for our team members, our customers and our communities, and we remain steadfast in that commitment going forward.
As we talk -- now shifting and talking about 2021. We believe there is as much uncertainty this year as there was in 2020. How fast will vaccines roll out? How are the derivatives of COVID impact transmission rates and antibody effectiveness? Will there be another stimulus? How will consumer spending evolve through the year?
Given these questions and there are all the other elements of uncertainty, we're planning for fiscal 2021 based on a range of potential outcomes. The initial guidance we're providing today is consistent with our long-term algorithm that we shared with you at our enhanced earnings event in October. Importantly, our 2021 outlook reflects the strategic initiatives that are foundational to our Life Out Here Strategy. With the actions we're taking, we are committed to emerging from the pandemic stronger than before.
Now let's shift to the business review section for the fourth quarter of 2020 in the fiscal year. We delivered another strong quarter that exceeded our expectations. In the fourth quarter, we had strong net sales gains of 31.3%, with comparable store sales up 27.3%. We continued to gain market share and benefited from customer shopping with us with larger baskets. All customer segments and all value segments experienced growth.
For the fiscal year, we added over $2 billion in revenue, and we reached over $10 billion in sales for the year; a significant milestone for the company. Once again, our quarterly results were remarkably consistent across all periods of the quarter, across all product categories, across all geographic regions of the country. Also, both our transactions and ticket growth we're seeing and were very balanced. For the third quarter, e-commerce saw strong triple-digit growth and increased significantly as a percentage of our overall sales.
The work we did this year to improve our omnichannel capabilities has certainly resonated with our customers as we've seen several years of digital adoption accelerate in just a matter of months. For the year, about 75% of our omnichannel sales were picked up at a Tractor Supply store, further reinforcing the importance of our stores to our customers. As we have experienced in the last several quarters, we continue to have strong performance and market share gains in our consumable, usable and edible categories, with growth exceeding 20% for the quarter. In 2020, we had more customers shop with us than ever before, with increased sales across our existing customer groups, new customers and reacquired customers.
Now shifting to talk about a few other operational highlights for 2020. We added more than 10,000 team members to support the growth of our business. These new team members were critical in our ability to service our customers at these elevated levels and also flow volumes through our supply chain. We pivoted our marketing spending for more traditional print media, digital and national TV. We launched our first national advertising campaign in over a decade. Our research indicates that Tractor Supply has become more top of mind with consumers as our unaided brand awareness increased over 800 basis points. We expanded our in-store and digital capabilities to make it easier and safer to shop at Tractor Supply. We were nimble and agile in offering curbside pickup and same-day, next-day delivery. We also relaunched our website, and we rolled out a new mobile app, which already has over 1 million downloads.
We celebrated the opening of our 1,900th store in Oakhurst, California and announced plans for a new distribution center in Navarre, Ohio, that is expected to be operational by the fall of 2022. We reinforced our long-standing commitment to ESG through improved disclosure and transparency. We also surpassed our original target of a 25% reduction in carbon emissions, 5 years ahead of plan.
If we just step back, overall, 2020 really highlighted the resiliency of the Tractor Supply team and illuminated the potential for the business. We participate in a large, attractive market. We have momentum. We're investing in our business through our Life Out Here Strategy. We have the opportunity to create and define our future and extend our leadership for years to come.
Before I hand the call over to Kurt, I'd like to address the impairment charge we took for the Petsense business. We recently completed a strategic review of Petsense. Although Petsense had solid sales performance in 2020, we reached the conclusion to reduce the number of new store openings planned over the long term and identified some underperforming stores to close. We expect to close 10 to 15 stores in 2021. Combined, this resulted in a pretax charge of about $74.1 million or $0.49 per diluted share after tax. Petsense offers a differentiated shopping experience to the suburban and rural pet owner. As mentioned, the business is currently doing well overall. We remain committed to growing and investing Petsense.
Earlier this week, we named Matthew Rubin as SVP and General Manager for Petsense. Matthew brings a strong retail background, and I'm confident that he'll be an immediate asset to the business. I look forward to sharing more about our plans with you over time.
Now Kurt will walk you through greater details of the quarter and the year, along with our 2021 outlook before I return to give you an update on our Life Out Here Strategy.

Thanks, Kurt. So now let's shift into 2021. As Kurt said, we're laser-focused, and we're focused on continuing to gain market share. We're going to do this in 3 different ways: One is capitalizing on our numerous macro trends benefiting us, second is nurturing our existing new and reengaged customers, and the third is executing our Life Out Here Strategy. So let's talk about each one of those in a little more detail.
We believe that many of the consumer behaviors that we've seen over the last 9 months will continue through most or all of 2021. These trends we've mentioned before, but they include rural revitalization, trip consolidation, omnichannel adoption, self-reliant lifestyle movement, consumer spending that's shifting from travel and entertainment to home and land, and an all-time high pet ownership. We exited the year with nearly 19 million Neighbor's Club members. For the full year, over 11 million new identified customers and more than 6 million reactivated customers shopped with us at Tractor Supply. We're seeing strong retention with these customers, and we have plans in place to engage them with new capabilities, marketing and product offerings.
The third way we're going to be focused on gaining share this year is our Life Out Here Strategy, and it really positions us to strengthen and transform the company. As we shared last quarter, there are 5 pillars to our Life Out Here Strategy. The first is to deliver legendary customer service, second is advance our ONETractor capabilities, the third is to operate the Tractor Way, the fourth is Go the Country Mile for our team, and lastly, it's generate healthy shareholder return.
So let me highlight some of our planned efforts that we have this year in support of our strategy. In 2021, we plan to open 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 10 Petsense stores. Additionally, we plan to remodel 150 to 200 stores with Project Fusion, and to execute Project Side Lot in 150 to 200 of our stores. That brings our total construction activity for the year to 400 to 500 projects. This is a significant step-up in the team's workload and also is being executed in the midst of COVID.
Our Project Fusion remodel program is designed to drive space productivity and to enhance the customer experience in our mature store base. It is a combination of both changes in the store layout and imagery that creates a greater lifestyle impression and drive space allocation for product assortment. Fusion stores help create a more welcoming destination and offer compelling showcase for our brands. Our Side Lot program is a full transformation of the space from primarily a storage location for agriculture equipment to a state-of-the-art outside garden, feed and farm shopping center that also provides for greater convenience through the expansion of buy online pick up at store. While still very early with both of these projects, we continue to be very excited about the sales trends we're seeing from the first tranche of Fusion remodels and Side Lot transformation projects. And importantly, the customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Given the size of the store -- of our store base, these initiatives represent a multiyear opportunity to continually refresh our store base and drive further comp sales.
Another initiative we have is our FAST team. And they are already having a significant impact on the business. Since their implementation in August, they've taken on execution programs like -- executing merchandising programs like Center Court, End Caps, planogram resets, seasonal programs and sales driving initiatives. And what this is doing is it's really allowing our store teams to focus more on customer service and improve their in-store execution and then really ultimately allow us to focus more on the customer and driving comparable sales. And we're very pleased with the fast rollout.
We're also committed to ensuring our digital capabilities to stay ahead of our customer expectations. We did this in 2020, and we'll continue to do this in 2021 and beyond. Big areas of focus for us in the first half are ship from store; search engine optimization; payment options like Apple Pay and Google Pay; subscriptions, both online and in-store; and also the recent launch of our Pet Rx platform.
As Kurt mentioned, we have plans in place for an upgrade in our Neighbor's Club loyalty program by midyear. And we anticipate that this new program will really drive incremental customer retention and also provides strong incentive to allow us to grow our share of wallet with our customers. As we get closer to the launch of our new Neighbor's Club program, I look forward to sharing more of the details about the changes with you.
Now just stepping back. We're excited about spring. We believe our customers will continue to be focused on their homes as their oasis and creating their own experiences whether that's through things like gardening, grilling or homesteading with their family and friends and neighbors. Spring Chick Days create great retail theater and support existing and new customers who want to expand their flocks. This was a big category for us last year, and we expect it to be so this year. And we will have a broader selection than we have historically of chicken coops. Tractor Supply is the clear destination for this on-trend category.
Given the strong trends we're seeing in our companion animal categories and the recent growth in pet ownership, we're focused on being a more complete resource for pet parents. In store, this includes relevant product assortment and brands, expansion of self-serve pet wash locations across 150 to 200 stores, and the build-out of 50 to 75 additional pet wellness centers. Currently, about 1,600 stores have vet services in-store through our mobile vet clinics. Starting this quarter, pet prescriptions can be fulfilled online at Tractor Supply, as I mentioned earlier. In our app, we're now offering on-demand veterinary advice from a team of experienced veterinary professionals. Our customers can call, chat or e-mail a team of veterinary professionals to get all their pet health questions answered. These expanded and new services allow Tractor Supply to offer a complete solution to care for our customers' pets, whether in-store or online. Our stores will be ready for the change of seasons as we move into spring.
In closing, we have a unique opportunity. We compete in an attractive and fragmented market. We have a track record of success and outperformance in our business. We see a unique opportunity to capitalize on the powerful customer trends we are benefiting from and to emerge from the pandemic, stronger, transformed company. Our goal is to make strategic investments that enable us to create greater competitive advantage, capture the opportunity we've discussed and generate shareholder value.
With that, operator, we would now like to open the lines for questions.

Scot, it's Hal Lawton, and good to speak with you this morning. I think the guidance that we provided is very consistent with the commentary that we had at the end of the third quarter, and I think aligned with the spirit of the dialogue in our opening remarks, which is that we expect COVID to remain a large kind of consumer-driving force for the foreseeable future, certainly into the fall, if not for the balance of the year. And as a consequence of that, many of the macro trends, which have benefited us, will continue. We also think a number of these macro trends are sticky regardless of COVID.
And so we kind of see those 2 coming together in a way that shapes the year as follows. The first quarter we're in now, we expect momentum in this quarter and our results in this quarter will be much like what we saw in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 with elevated sales levels. And then as we start to comp on top of those in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 this year, we do expect that the comps will start to turn to more normal levels. And the collectiveness of that will kind of compile the guidance we guided between minus 2% and plus 1%. So it is heavily weighted in the first quarter with kind of Q2, Q3, Q4, recognizing it will be comping on top of last year's elevated levels. But with still likely strong underlying momentum supporting those quarters.

Yes. We're certainly looking to piece apart our various initiatives, and we have some pretty sophisticated analytics tools that allow us to do that. At these more elevated volume levels, it is a little bit harder to see than what you might see in a normal mid-single-digit comp environment. But I will say that we're -- it's our view that we are gaining share and winning in all the categories that we participate in. And that's really consistent across the board, whether you're looking at industry level data or we're talking with vendors. And so that would lead us to believe that not only are we benefiting from the macro trends, but the work that we're doing to support the business is also helping with that. And I'll call out a few things that kind of give us that sense.
First off, I'll point to kind of some data sets around our customer. Our unaided brand awareness due -- in part due to our national television campaign that we launched last March is up 8 points in the year. That's a very significant improvement in unaided brand awareness. And then the benefit that we've seen of that is a -- the most customers that we've ever had shop our store in 1 year last year, including 11 million new customers and 6 million reacquired customers. And those customers are shopping with us at repeat rates that are at kind of all-time highs. And those repeat shopping rates are -- for the new customers are holding -- have held through the year. So whether it was a new customer we saw in March or April or May, or a new customer that we saw in October, November, December, all those repeat shopping rates are holding at all-time highs.
And then last thing I'll talk about is, if you look at our team members and you look like our customer SAT scores, our -- if you look at the customers' perception of safety and health and well-being in our stores, customers seem to be voting with their wallets and shopping at Tractor Supply, indicative of both our strong transactions, but also our strong ticket. And I think that would speak to the fact that customers are certainly aggregating their ticket. You're hearing that from other retailers, more units per basket driving basket up, but a lot of these retailers are talking about negative comp transactions. With us, it's very balanced with about half coming from comp transactions and about half coming from average ticket. So we're seeing that stock up, but we're also seeing more transactions in the store.
So it's hard to kind of piece it together, but we do think the initiatives we're taking, the support we've given the business on inventory and adding staffing, our focus on cleanliness, plus our digital efforts and our early efforts around Fusion and Side Lot and FAST are adding to the share -- are creating -- helping us drive share gains and kind of add it to the macro trends we're seeing.

Liz, this was just completing my first year as the CEO of Tractor Supply, and so just kind of normal course kind of steps back and did a strategic review of Petsense right at the beginning of the fourth quarter. The business -- the net takeaway is where the business is doing well, it's doing well. But if you look at the broader landscape of pets and where the shifts are coming, where things are growing, and you look at the various -- kind of what's playing out in specialty, through that work and then us revisiting our real estate model as a part of that, we made the decision to reduce the long-term store count expectations that we have for that business. And in doing so, that led us to revisit the value that we had on that business on our balance sheet.
And so we've now kind of reset our expectations for the new store counts of that business. We've hired a new leader for the Petsense business. And we are -- we will continue to invest in Petsense as we see opportunities. And it's -- as I said, the business is doing well. We do think it's gaining share in the specialty space. And we will continue to support that business moving forward just at a lower long-term store count target.

Yes. I look forward to sharing with you more about the Petsense strategy as Matthew comes in and has an opportunity to engage and chart the future of the company. And we're very pleased with the performance. The stores are doing well. The website is doing well. As you said, Liz, we do know pet online is doing well. You can look at the industry data, and that's certainly something I know Matthew is going to -- will be looking into as a way to accelerate our efforts there. So more to come.

Yes. Steve, a couple of things I'll say. First of all, on the Neighbor's Club program, we are very pleased with the growth in the ownership of that -- I mean, the growth in the membership of that program, reaching 19 million members, representing approximately 60% of our total sales. We're seeing very strong engagement rates with those customers. And we have plans, as we've talked about, to reinvigorate that program in the first half of this year, which I think will drive a step change in engagement with those customers and also migration upward of their spend. So we're very -- we're looking forward to that promotion and getting it out there and look forward to sharing more details with you at our next earnings call on it.
As it relates to our new customers, we've mentioned in the past that we see approximately 20% of our new customers return and shop with us within 28 days. And that trend really hasn't changed since the beginning of the year. It's held very stable. And it's 2 or 3 points higher than what we would have seen in a historic period when we cohorted new customers. And then I would say it's not -- we also continue to see strong repurchase rates as you get out to kind of 2 months at the 56-day count and at 3 months. And so we're very pleased with their reengagement. We see them engaging first in categories like poultry and dog and pet. But then they start to broaden their purchases across things like apparel and garden. And if they started in pet, they might move to poultry or vice versa. And a higher percentage of these groups than our normal business starts online and does a pickup in store, and then you'll see in their next purchase then coming into the store for purchase. And our new customer SAT scores are higher than historic as well.
So I'd say all around. We are pleased with the 19 million numbers. They represent the growth that we had this year, particularly in the midst of the pandemic. Our sign up is really at the register there, face to face. People are really trying to check out much faster as we all know. So the ability to still sign up those Neighbor's Clubs members and gain the millions that we did this year, we're very pleased with. And then the new customers are exhibiting very strong reengagement behavior.

I don't think we've disclosed that in the past. But what I will say is -- and we'll give that some thought whether to do so. But what I would say is they are material increases from previous years.

Peter, I'm going to let Seth take that.

Yes. Thanks, Peter. And what I'd say is the -- I think the dynamics that are playing out in the market right now, whether it's with customers or vis-à-vis our competitors, those dynamics are really playing to the sweet spots of Tractor Supply. First off, people are struggling with in stocks, and I think you're going to see more of that as we get into the spring with the supply chain disruption that's out there. And our team has done an outstanding job managing inventory through the year. You saw how we ended the year with inventory above last year. And we're tracking to continue with that at those levels, if not higher, as Kurt mentioned in his opening remarks. We plan for our spring shipments to arrive earlier than they have historically. And so while we are seeing some container backlog, it will -- we are going to be able to manage through that and get it kind of in on a normal time frame, but that's to our benefit.
So I think anywhere where you've made investments in inventory and you've leaned in there, anywhere where you're making investments in customer service because right now that makes such a big difference in this environment, and we've certainly done that through the net hiring of 10,000 team members and providing appreciation bonuses and others and raises to drive their engagement. Also in technology, if you've invested in technology and you can do curbside pickup, and you can do same-day, next-day delivery, and you can do those with great customer service, that leads to advantages as well.
So I think the scale that we have in our distribution systems, the scale that we have in technology, the leverage and scale that we have with our vendors, and then, of course, our advantage of our 42,000 team members, which wake up every day looking to provide legendary service, all that just plays well for us. I mean we're -- and then you think about the convenience, the location of our stores. And that's why if you go across every category, we're confident that we're taking share in a significant way. 
I mean if you look at our C.U.E. business being up over 20% for the quarter, that's -- and you think about the proxy -- using that as a proxy for the businesses that are in there around animal feed and pet food and others, those rates are well above industry estimates for those categories, and certainly, any -- a lot of other companies that are out there reporting that play in those categories. So I think it really just speaks to the business model of Tractor, the resiliency of it and the foundation of it and then the investments that we're making day-to-day to ensure that our customers and our new customers are having a great experience.

Yes. Scott, we have not mentioned what percent are buying C.U.E. in their first purchase. We did mention what percent are coming back and buying a second time. So about 20% of our new customers return and shop with us again within 28 days. And we said that's above historic run rates by several points. So we feel very good about our retention of these customers. And that's a proxy at one-time marker, but it's the same if you look across 7, 14 days, 2 months, 3 months, et cetera. As it relates to what they're buying on their first purchase, the 2 dominant areas that they're buying on their first purchase are pet food or poultry and/or supplies and such around those 2 categories.

Yes, absolutely. So this is what the full focus of our marketing team is focused on is exactly this, is we've got -- we've invested over the last 1.5 years or 2 in our CRM capabilities, moving that platform to the Azure cloud, upgrading our analytical capabilities, adding new personalization tooling in place and also looking at behaviors, whether on their site -- on the site or inside of the store and then looking for kind of like comparing them to lookalike shoppers. And so whether it's e-mails that those new customers get or whether it's digital banner ads, we're retargeting them. All those sorts of kind of marketing channels and vehicles are being used to engage with these customers and encourage them to reshop with us. And in addition, obviously, we just have the investments we're making in our team members, the investments we're making in our store experience, the investments we're making in inventory and those sorts of things that drive repeat behavior as well.
One interesting anecdote that I'll give on this is we ask our customers in our checkout survey, kind of post-purchase survey, what their top criteria were for why they selected to shop with Tractor Supply. And typically, the responses are similar to what any other retailer would have with price and location convenience, having the right product, customer service, those sorts of things that are kind of the dominant criteria for shopping for retail. During this pandemic, over the last 6 months, the #1 and #2 criteria have been cleanliness and safety. Never in my 20-plus years of retail have I seen those 2 criteria at the top of a customer's decision-making criteria. And so that's why we've invested so much in those areas. And I highlighted the tens of millions of dollars we've spent on those areas in the last quarter.

Yes. We are planning for the pet category to continue to remain strong and to overperform relative to our overall business in the year. I think on the last call, we talked about poultry and chickens and flocks and how they're a bit of an annuity stream given that they have a 7-, 8-year lifespan. Obviously, pet is very much the same way. With pet adoption up at an all-time high, those pets, as they grow, are only going to -- they're going to move from puppy food to adult food. We're seeing that, by the way, in our trends. Typically with dogs, as they get a little older, they eat a little more as they get bigger. So we're actually seeing that -- the benefit from that a little bit on the tonnage side.
And we expect the humanization of pet will remain very strong this entire year as people continue to work from home really for the foreseeable future, potentially all of 2021. And so they're around their pets. They're buying toys. They're buying snacks. They're upgrading their bed. They're getting them a new bed. All those things I expect will continue this year. And as I said, we're very pleased with our pet business. We are confident we're gaining share in our pet business. We're seeing strong growth in our pet business, both in-store just through brick-and-mortar channels as well as online. And certainly, the sweet spot for us on pet is our omnichannel, where we're seeing significant amount of pet purchases online, picked up in store.
And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're investing heavily in this category to remain a strong destination for our customers in it, whether it was the release recently of our new Pet Rx solution online, whether it's the rollout of both the subscriptions in-store to support in a similar way that we have it online, whether it's the addition of 150 to 200 pet watch stations this year, and then also the build-out of more pet wellness clinics in our stores to support the mobile pet clinics that we have that drive significant engagement with our stores from our customers.
So we feel really good about where we are in pet, and we'll be continuing to invest here. I guess I neglected also to mention, my apologies, is that our marketing campaign that we've been doing in the past year. We have a significant amount of dedicated marketing, both TV and digital devoted to pet, and it's systemic, meaning, it's always on, and we do spike it at certain periods. But it's a consistent program that we're doing now. First time we've done that. We've been doing that for about 6 or 9 months.

Yes. Chuck, we are -- remain very bullish on the Side Lot Project. It's -- as we remarked before, garden is the category that our customers say they most participate in that we don't fully address their needs. And in the Side Lot that we have opened, we -- the customer engagement with the product and the purchase rate, it was -- it's kind of like an overnight switch. Once that's all -- once the project is complete and the product is in there, we saw really strong engagement with customers. And this is in the midst of fall and winter when live goods assortments are very limited and gardening activities is much less.
So we've got over 50 of these Side Lots in -- underway right now. Some, we're in the process of applying for permits. Some, we're in the final stages of getting the certificate of occupancy. We've got 100-plus more scheduled for the year, and we're very excited about their potential. And the team is doing an excellent job kind of navigating this environment to get those built. It's -- in the context of COVID, you've got construction crews at a time. So we'll have to quarantine for a couple of weeks if one of the team members on the project tests positive. You've got city municipalities that -- getting permitting done is very difficult. Getting someone to come out and do a certificate of occupancy is much slower. And the team is just doing an excellent job managing through all those twists and turns. We're very -- we remain very bullish on Side Lot. And like I said, a number of them underway. I just visited a handful of them in the last week and really excited to have our first batch of them opened in time for the spring season.

It's very seasonal. And in my experience elsewhere, the garden centers are very productive, if not more productive than they store during the core spring season. And then in the winter time, the productivity falls off well below the core of the store. And so we're looking forward to having a full year ahead of us with these projects to be able to get a sense for what's the max productivity in the midst of spring, how much can we prop the productivity up with things like Christmas trees and pumpkins and harvest type stuff in the fall. And then we'll see where it plays out for the full year. But we are very confident that it will drive significant productivity relative to how the space is being used now and will drive strong shareholder returns. The question is to what magnitude. And we'll know more as we get into spring.