Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our results and achievements during the recent quarter. Scott will provide more details on our financial results, outlook and balance sheet. I will then close our prepared remarks with an update on our growth projects and sustainability before opening the call for questions.
Albemarle's leadership positions in lithium and bromine and our team's ability to execute have enabled us to generate increasingly strong results. In the first quarter, we generated net sales of $1.1 billion, up 44% compared to prior year, and that's excluding Fine Chemistry Services in the comparison, which we sold in June of last year. This fundamental strength allowed us to more than double our EBITDA year-over-year.
The supply/demand balance remains tight in the markets we serve. This has enabled us to significantly increase our 2022 outlook based on continued pricing strength in our lithium and bromine businesses. Scott will dive into the key elements of that outlook later in today's presentation.
In terms of operational highlights for the quarter, the restart of our Wodgina lithium mine in our MARBL joint venture is progressing well. First, spodumene concentrate from train 1 is expected in May. We've agreed with our partners to accelerate the restart of train 2 with the first spodumene concentrate from that train in July. Together, these 2 trains can feed conversion assets with annual capacity of around 70,000 tons of lithium hydroxide.
Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.

Thanks, Scott. First, let's look at a few of our expansions in Asia Pacific. Albemarle was focused on expanding global lithium conversion capacity to leverage our low-cost resource base. The acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility is now expected to close in the second half of this year as we continue to work through regulatory approvals. We look forward to closing this transaction to bring an additional 25,000 tons of lithium to the market.
The commissioning process at Kemerton I is progressing well. We have introduced spodumene into the process and we expect to achieve first product by the end of the month. Kemerton II remains on track for mechanical completion later this year.
At our China greenfield expansions, we have broken ground at Meishan to construct a 50,000 ton per year hydroxide conversion facility. There are also options to expand that facility. The second China greenfield project at Zhangjiagang is currently in the engineering phase, and we are looking at options to produce either carbonate or hydroxide.
Importantly, with our ownership stakes at the Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines, we already have access to low-cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities. As I mentioned previously, the restart of the Wodgina lithium mine by our JV partner, Mineral Resources, is going well. And we continue to negotiate agreements to expand and restructure the MARBL joint venture, and we'll update the market when we have more information.
We also have a 49% stake at Greenbushes, one of the highest quality lithium resources in the world. The Talison joint venture is ramping up CGP 2 and has approved construction of CGP 3. And that's expected to begin later this year. In addition, construction of the tailings retreatment plant was completed during the quarter and commissioning is progressing to plan. Our intention is to ramp lithium resources in advance of conversion assets, in which case, in the near term, we could be net long spodumene. If so, we may elect to toll or sell spodumene.
The expansions in Australia and Asia are just a portion of the globally diverse lithium projects we have defined to meet growing customer demand. We remain focused on growing our global conversion capacity to leverage our world-class resources in Australia, Chile and the United States. Our Wave 3 projects should provide Albemarle with approximately 200,000 tons of additional lithium conversion capacity, which is higher than the 150,000 tons that we originally planned.
Additionally, we continued to progress our growth options for Wave 4, which is expected to bring an additional 75,000 to 125,000 tons of capacity. This includes continued evaluation of options to restart our Kings Mountain lithium mine and build conversion assets in North America and Europe. Our high degree of vertical integration, access to high-quality, low-cost resources, years of experience bringing conversion capacity online and a strong balance sheet provide considerable advantages for the foreseeable future.
Looking now at Slide 15. As you can see, Albemarle was executing a robust pipeline of projects all around the world. Our bromine business is pursuing incremental expansions in Jordan and the United States. These high-return projects leverage our low-cost resources and technical know-how to support customers in growing and diverse markets like electronics, telecom and automotive.
In Chile, the Salar Yield Improvement Project is progressing and is expected to allow us to increase lithium production without increasing our brine pumping rates, utilizing a proprietary technology to improve recovery, efficiency and sustainability. We also have access to a lithium resource in Argentina called Antofalla. We anticipate restarting exploration at Antofalla later this year after securing all necessary permits. In Australia, we continue to progress study work on Kemerton expansions to leverage greater scale and efficiency with repeatable designs.
Finally, in the United States, the expansion of our Silver Peak facility in Nevada is on track to double lithium carbonate production. This is the first of several options to expand U.S. production. In Kings Mountain, North Carolina, we've begun a pre-feasibility study to evaluate restarting the mine. And then our bromine facility in Magnolia, Arkansas, we're evaluating process technologies to leverage our brines to extract lithium. This robust pipeline, coupled with our industry knowledge and strong balance sheet, provides significant growth opportunities for Albemarle.
Moving on to our sustainability initiatives on Slide 16. Creating sustainable shareholder value requires our company to continue to drive progress on our own ESG and sustainability efforts, and I'm proud of what we are achieving on that front. We will publish our 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report on June 2. In that report, you will see strong progress in our work towards hitting our target reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and freshwater usage, our initial Scope 3 emissions assessment and our first full life cycle assessments for lithium products. You will also see further definition of our sustainability-related targets, including diversity and inclusion.
In addition to publishing our new sustainability report, we will host a webcast on June 28, and I hope you will join to listen in. In that presentation, we will discuss next steps, including full CDP disclosure with TCFD goals and disclosures and third-party IRMA assessment at the Salar de Atacama. As you can see, we have accomplished a great deal and we are committed to continue that progress.
So this concludes our prepared remarks. And now we will open the call for Q&A.

So P.J., I think -- I mean we've always -- we're looking at M&A on a regular basis, so I don't think I really -- our view has changed. So we do want to be in recycling, and we feel like -- we have a plan, we're working towards being in the recycling business. We look at resources on a regular basis for acquisition, and we look at conversion assets as well.
So our strategy has not changed. We may have a little more firepower now than we did in the past. But I think the strategy is the same areas, and we're pretty focused on those areas.

Yes. I'll just comment at a high level. I mean it's all the permits that we need. I think we're closer in Argentina than we are in Kings Mountain, but we're early in the process in North Carolina. But Eric can talk about more details there.

I'm not sure --  the question -- you mean over past the next 5 years?

Yes. I think we -- I think you're probably -- we expect them to be in that range, right, over the next 5-year period and going forward. I mean it depends on what -- on opportunities. So resources -- if we had additional resource, that would change that profile. If we were able to acquire or identify additional resource, that could change that. But I think our baseline, which we've laid out in our Investor Day, is kind of capital in that range over the next 5-year period.

Well, it is -- it's difficult to call what the market is going to do, so I think we have to see what the market is going to bring. I mean I think there are economic factors that come into play, but it -- when you look at the overall cost of a vehicle, I mean there is a lot of -- there are a lot of components that go in there. Lithium starts to become a little bit material, but it's still a small percentage of that overall cost.
So I mean, look, our view is that prices -- the market is moving. They have recently just come down a little bit. Suspect that's because demand in China is off because of COVID-related issues and so it has softened recently. But we're trying to structure our contracts. We've talked about this for a while, so we move with the market. So we're not dislocated to the market in either in an upmarket or a downmarket.

Okay. So there were a couple questions in there. So I think, first, I mean, loans, I think we'd be interested if we can get economically viable loans, better than we can do on our own, we're definitely interested in that to help us build out the battery supply chain in North America.
And we would be looking to build conversion capacity locally. Our customers want local conversion -- local resource and conversion capacity. And then I think your question would be outsized conversion vis-à-vis the local resource that we have. So we'll have to work that out over time. But we -- the way we see it, we've got to convert the local product. We'll probably have to supplement local product with product coming from outside the U.S. And then we want to make sure that we -- as we do this, we're considering recycling as well.
So we want to have not only virgin lithium coming from the resources in the United States and outside the U.S., but capacity for recycling as well. And we see that as an integrated facility that does that.

Well -- I mean we see that in all of our businesses, right? So we're fighting the supply chain. As you hear in the news and with every other business, we're fighting it, but we've been able to manage through it. Today, we can't say we don't have issues, but we've managed through it. But maybe not -- Eric, you guys could comment a little bit on specifically what you see in -- I guess, really around China and spodumene in and out.

Yes. So I mean we've been talking about moving to these variable price contracts for over a year. And so -- and coming into the year, I mean we're basically in the same position that we were at the beginning of the year. Most of the discussions that we've done with -- most happened -- that changed our contract structure happened at the end of last year -- toward the end of last year.
What's changed is pricing. The indices have moved up. Market has tightened. The market has gotten stronger from an EV demand standpoint and particularly in China. So that's really, I think, was the driver. Those were the first prices to move and other prices followed that. And it's a tight market. I mean the demand is strong, and the supply is -- it's tight. It's a little bit of an imbalance, and that's what's driven pricing.
Well, how it stays there, I mean we have -- but there are lags on our contracts. So we feel like we understand the second quarter pricing very good, and we don't see it dropping dramatically. That's why we're comfortable giving guidance holding what we see for the second quarter for the balance of the year. What it does going forward after that, it's difficult to call. But the market is still tight.
It's gotten a little soft because the demand is off in China over COVID issues. Some of the EV plants were shut down. They're mostly back up now, but they are at lower rates. So demand is a little bit slower, which has caused a pause in the market, and pricing has come off a little bit. It's hard to see how that comes down over time. I mean, it can, but it's hard to see that happening very quickly.

Yes. So our contracts, I mean they're not all spot. So they are -- these are contracts that we have. Some are shorter term in the variable category. Some are short term with -- that are indexed to the market. The longer-term contracts we have are indexed to the market but tend to have collars on them with floors and ceilings. So that takes some of that variability out. So this is -- I mean it's evolution of our strategy around pricing. We are more indexed to the market today than we were a year ago, definitely. And that was by design.
And I think -- but we're confident in the volume growth. And then -- and pricing, it will move up and down, but we have a very good cost position. With the resource base that we have and our cost position, we still think that we can invest capital to grow for this business and have confidence in that.

So I may try and take that. So they've not paid us for anything and it's a concept, and we're negotiating that at the moment. So we're operating at a 60-40 structure that we had previously. So we're under discussions and, I would say, negotiations around expanding that JV, which -- and that expansion would move it to be 50-50 at Wodgina. But that's -- we've got to conclude all of that, and none of that will change until we conclude the discussions and get the final documents.
So the accounting, Scott, I'll leave that to you.

So we're not going to call lithium pricing going forward. So I mean what we've done is we've structured our contracts so we move with the market, and we've given ourselves a little bit of stability. That's been part of our plan for some time, and it gives our customers visibility of what the price is relative to the market. I mean they have the same visibility going forward as we do and as you do. So it's difficult for us to say where it goes in '23.
We think the market is tight. When we look at the demand from EVs and demand on lithium and what we see is capacity coming on, the market is tight for years. So for at least through our planning period, which I would call it 5 years. So we see it being pretty tight. Now there will be periods where there's a little -- there's some oversupply, but the growth in the market, it catches up very quickly. So we think the market is tight, but we're not going to call lithium prices for '23.

Yes. I mean -- I would say -- I mean [Technical Difficulty] important for us given the locations where [Technical Difficulty] and we look at it kind of at a macro level and by country. So -- and we look at it for particularly kind of -- we get deeper and deeper as we make a new investment, but we monitor that. So a lot happening in Chile, as you know, we talked about on these calls before. Argentina, as we make investments there, we'll have to make sure that we're looking at those risks and monitoring that.
Australia, less of an issue. China, another area that we have to focus on and make sure we have our risk assessment, but we monitor those. We try and combine it with government -- active government relations on making sure that we're doing the right thing in the country. So we're seen as a good actor and that we're bringing value to them as well that others can't necessarily bring. And that's a big part of how we feel like we mitigate the risk in some of those geographies.

Is that a cathode question? Or I'm just trying to make...

Yes. So -- I mean, look, we look at the different options, but we're from -- we look at it from a material standpoint. And our interest in batteries and cathodes is to make sure that we're producing and developing the right chemistries that go into our customers' processes. So we're not looking to be in the cathode business, but we're looking to be an excellent supplier to those cathode makers and the OEMs that have vested interest in the battery and the cathode technology.

All right. Thank you, Darius, and thank you all again for your participation on our call today. Our success in 2021, combined with the momentum we are experiencing in '22, strongly positions us for profitable growth. I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders by accelerating our growth in a sustainable way and to lead by example. Thank you, and thanks for joining us.