Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call today.
First, I want to welcome Netha Johnson to the team as President of Bromine Specialties and congratulate Raphael Crawford, Eric Norris and David Ryan for their new roles. I am very excited about the leadership experience each of them bring to the team and I'm very confident in the team's ability to execute our strategy and deliver significant shareholder value today and well into the future.
Now turning to the quarter results. I'm very pleased with our strong second quarter performance. Excluding divested businesses, second quarter revenue grew by 20%, adjusted EBITDA grew by 24% and adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 28% compared to the second quarter of 2017. All 3 of our businesses delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. That performance further strengthens our confidence in the potential of our portfolio for the short, medium and long term.
Lithium growth continues to be driven by accelerating demand for electric vehicles. The 2017 sales of plug-in and pure electric automobiles were up about 56% over the prior year and sales through the first half of 2018 are up almost 90% versus the first half of 2017.
Our customers are experiencing growth consistent with that data. Recently, major cathode and battery manufacturers have reported year-on-year sales growth ranging from 21% to 75% for the first half of 2018. Our customers and our customers' customers continue to invest for future growth in a manner that is consistent with the Albemarle demand model.
And the global environment for EV adoption continues to build momentum. Since the beginning of 2018, another 6 countries have either proposed bans on the sale of gas-powered vehicles or introduced new consumer incentives to encourage EV adoption. In the United States, 4 states have proposed or enacted legislation related to EV infrastructure on incentives, with California pledging $2.5 billion toward their Zero Emission Vehicle program in the form of rebates and charging infrastructure.
All of our Lithium capital projects were on track. During the second quarter, we commissioned the front-end of the Xinyu II lithium hydroxide expansion and we anticipate mechanical completion and commissioning of the back end during the fourth quarter. The tie-ins at La Negra II that we told you about last quarter remain on schedule for this quarter. Lastly, the design phase and pre-work -- and pre-project work for the Kemerton lithium hydroxide conversion plant are well underway.
In Bromine Specialties, demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives remained solid, and that is despite of what I would characterize as continued softness in the market for clear completion fluids used in deepwater drilling. Overall, market pricing continues to be supported by a constrained construction and higher than normal local elemental bromine pricing in China. Based on the market conditions and our excellent resource and cost position, we anticipate steady cash flow from Bromine for the long term.
And in Catalysts, the IMO 2020 marine fuel and other low sulfur regulations should drive hydroprocessing or HPC catalyst demand. In addition, a more complex global crude slate, a continued demand for propylene and the focus at certain refineries on producing chemicals from crude should benefit an already tight FCC market.
Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Our strong first half has positioned 2018 as another outstanding year for Albemarle. In Lithium, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the low to mid-20% range year-over-year. The tie-ins at La Negra II are currently on schedule for the third quarter. Therefore, the second half of 2018 is anticipated to look a lot like the first half for Lithium, with 3Q earnings similar to first quarter and 4Q earnings similar to the second.
Bromine continues to benefit from favorable market conditions. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the high-single digits on a percentage basis.
Finally, with reduced impact from the force majeure in curatives and the favorable impact of the insurance settlements related to Harvey, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth for the Catalysts segment to reach high-single digits, excluding divested businesses. Similar to 2017, the fourth quarter is forecasted to be stronger than the third due to the timing of the CFT orders. As always with CFT, there is some risk related to orders slipping from one quarter or one year to the next.
As a result of all that, we are increasing our guidance for 2018. We now expect 2018 net sales of between $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA of between $990 million and $1.02 billion and adjusted EPS of between $5.30 and $5.40 -- I'm sorry, $5.30 and $5.50 per share.
As Scott mentioned earlier, we believe the stock is currently undervalued and expect to initiate a second stock buyback. As was the case with the buyback we initiated in May, the growth potential of our businesses, the strength of our balance sheet and our operating cash flow give us the confidence that we can take this action, execute our capital projects, maintain our long-term EBITDA ratios and still have plenty of firepower leftover for opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. We remain committed to and confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute that strategy in a way that should drive significant shareholder value into the foreseeable future.
With that, we'll open it up to questions.

Yes. If you look at -- as we've always said, because of our long-term contract strategy, Chinese spot pricing has no impact on our pricing and you shouldn't see a correlation. I think this quarter, really, you begin to see that as the Chinese spot pricing is down and our pricing is up year-over-year. So we think that's a validation and we will continue to see that.
As you look at pricing, I think we've said pricing would be in a similar range for the full year year-over-year and we don't see any change to that. It's a little too early to talk about '19, but we're having good conversations about contracts from a volume standpoint, from a commitment standpoint, from an extension standpoint and from a price standpoint going forward. So more on that as we start talking about '19, but everything was good today.

Yes. You'll see -- I mean, third -- second -- third quarter will be down sequentially for the reasons we talked about and then they'll be up from third to fourth quarter from a volumetric standpoint.

Go ahead, Eric.

Yes. The other thing I'd say is at our 2017, IMO 2020 was already on the rise. So I wouldn't treat that as something that's a new revelation that we didn't have in that model. So it will help us along the edges, but it won't make a step change.

Yes. So let's break it down. So from a IMO, that would impact the HPC catalysts and we would have investments, but they would be more of de-bottlenecks more than anything else or changing our technology around a little bit to best fit that. That will be, as I look at it, encompassed within our continuity capital that we would spend on a regular basis that we've always talked about in the range of 4% to 6% per year.
If you look at the chemicals, I mean, the crude chemicals, you're really talking about FCC catalysts. And the fact of the matter is today -- at the prices we see today, I don't see readjust -- reinvestment economics in the price that we're seeing at FCC catalysts today. So unless we see those type -- an improvement in price to get those reinvestment economics, we would find another way to meet demand, but it wouldn't be a significant capital. It would be de-bottlenecking. It would be ways to increase our yield. It would be ways for us to be able to do that as part of our continuity capital, but a significant investment in another plant, we'd need to see higher FCC pricing, and the team is working on that. So we're seeing good traction on FCC pricing. And so we may get there, but we got a ways to go to justify reinvestment economics there.

And if you look at over the next 12 months, Jeff, I don't see a whole lot of change. If you look at the -- our forecasted growth and what our customers are saying and you look at what we're bringing online, we're going to be about where we are today from a sold-out position and still relying on some tolling. So it's about where it is now. In buckets, you can look at carbonate versus hydroxide and see a little bit different story there with one being tighter and one being a little alone. But from a pricing standpoint, from a demand standpoint, we're not seeing -- I don't anticipate anything in that next 12 months that would have a material impact.

Absolutely. When we model it, the way we model it, to look at the investments, our returns, what we ought to do, we -- it is now, for the next few years, a volume story for us. Where we are able to achieve price in these long-term contracts, we will do so, but we've taken the philosophy on those long-term contracts, we want to have a minimum price guarantee and a minimum volume, but it will be a volume growth story more so than a massive price, which, Jeff, is consistent with what we've been saying for a couple of years. But yes, you got it right on that.

Yes. This is Luke. You're reading way too much into the -- what the key message. We're right on track and that's what we said in the script. We're online with every -- on track to deliver everything that we've said to The Street and everything that we've said that we'll deliver to our customers. So you're not to assume any change to that. We're rolling right along.
As it relates to Australia, the dispute with GAM is against Talison. That has been a dispute we've talked about in the past and we don't see it having any impact. And our partner, Tianqi, in that would -- I think their public comments would be similar. We don't see it has an impact. It's a dispute that if it needs to get resolved, it will. If not, we're very confident in our lithium position.
From Chile, what I will tell you about Chile is we are in compliance with every term of every agreement that we signed related to lithium and I don't see any issue with our ability to get [ the brine ] to run our facilities in La Negra today, tomorrow and throughout the term of that agreement.

Yes. I think that the low-cost assets, first of all, drives your cost position and then your relationships with your customers drives what your price is going to be and how you're going to move that supply once you have it. So I think you got to have both. And if you have one and not the other, you have a -- you may have a decent business, but you're subject to whim. So what we have is low-cost resources that are geographic-diverse with long-term agreements with the major cathode producers around the globe. So we feel like we're in the best in the catbird seat, really, as we look to that.
As I look to other juniors and what the valuations may be, there's still a difference -- what we have to look at is what do we have in front of us that we can execute on, what's the cost of that and what's the return on that to our -- for all the capital that we're going to invest and what's the time that it takes us to do that? Any acquisition needs to be, one, that accelerates de-risk and provides a better return of our capital than what we see in front of us. If we see that in front of us, we have the capability with our balance sheet and our ability to execute to be able to seize upon those opportunities, but we're going to be disciplined in doing so.

Yes. If you look at -- I don't know what happened with one of our competitors, but what we're looking at now is relatively flat second half versus first half in bromine from a bottom line standpoint. I don't see anything. If we had -- it all comes down, honestly, to the amount of product we're able to get out because we're sold out and that's how our assets are run. And if our assets run better, that may move us a little bit to the upside of our range. If they don't operate as well, that may move us to the lower side of the range. But to us, it's all in the second half. If the markets stayed -- market conditions remain similar, which what it appears to do, it's all about our ability to execute and run those sites.

Yes. I don't look at it. I mean, the only time I bring it up is whenever you guys ask me about it and I have to go ask somebody what the Chinese spot price has done because it's really irrelevant. What's relevant to us is what's the cost that makes our customers -- gives them the value that they're willing to pay for and gives us the return that we need to invest the capital. So we are -- I'm the wrong guy to talk about spot pricing in China and whether it's relative or anything else because I just -- I never look at it.

Yes. I really -- the only thing that I could hypothesize is that there's some lower grade carbonate that is in China that, when you look at the Chinese regulations moving to a longer storage and a longer battery, that's having a tough time finding a place in the marketplace for EV because it won't meet that standard for that longer drive time under the new regulations in China. And some might -- so it's of less value than somebody is trying to find the spot for. If you -- that's the best I can offer you. I don't think it's going to have any impact at all in our business.

It's going to be incremental. And so at full rate, it would be 20,000 metric tons on an annual basis. I don't think we can expect it to start up and sell out 20,000 met tons and run that way. So is it going to be -- we'll have a better handle around the second -- the next call, but my expectations will be to get something around 15,000 or something like that out of that plant next year. That would be good operations assuming that they get commissions started on the back end of that during the fourth quarter. I would hope -- that may be a stretch, but I would hope we'd be able to do that.

Okay. Let me take the first one. On the coverage on our long-term agreements over the next 2 to 3 years, that's probably going to be 95% plus from what we can produce. Next year, as we said, we're going to have to rely on tolling as well. So we're selling more than we can produce internally because we're still relying on tolling. Our goal long-term is to be right around 80%, but we won't get there until -- in some time -- in early the next decade if you look -- I would assume.
On the demand, Eric, do you want to start a little bit about that, please?

And then if you look at Catalysts, I would view it -- when you look at this year-over-year growth, you've got to get it back to 2017. And if you go back 2017 and look at Catalysts from a full year basis on a -- we would have been up -- we would have been down year-over-year. So 2017 was weaker than 2016. So 2018, if we're high single digits, we catch back up. And we may a little bit, maybe a little bit ahead or a little bit down.
So overall, as we've talked about, this is a lumpy business. FCC is more consistent. The CFT market and hydroprocessing catalysts, based on customer mix and product mix, and whenever they turn around, you have different costs based on where you are on that turnaround cycle. So it happens to be this year that we're up after a down there -- year last year. Overall, when you look at it over the course of 5 to 10 years, I would still expect that kind of 3% growth is where we'd end up on a CAGR basis.

Yes. Well, we've still got a few rollovers, but I mean -- the only thing I would characterize is I wouldn't characterize this as not in line. It's fine in line with where we are, but when you see these contracts renew, there's some opportunity for some adjustments in price. It would be -- as we talked about with -- I think it was Jeff Zekauskas' question. What we'll see next year is more of a volume story than a price story. And that's what you'll see is we will bring this new capital alliance. Still some opportunities in price, but really, really, it's more a volume story.

Yes. No, if you look, our demand model remains fairly consistent with what we talked about earlier. And if you remember at one of our previous calls and in some of our decks that we've got online and we've used at in some of the seminars that we've been to, in 2025, we're seeing a total demand of around 800,000 metric tons. Transportation would amount to 550,000 met tons of that. Consumer electronics, 110,000, and all other industrial uses about 140,000 metric tons. So we haven't changed in that, although what I was trying to point out is the data that we've seen, the demand from our customers, the steps taken by our customers' customers committing to capital is all consistent with that demand model that we laid out early this year. So during the course of this year, we've gotten even more confident in our demand model and even more confident in the growth that we anticipate between now and 2025.

No.

We're not concerned at all. In fact, we recently just negotiated all of our union contracts for another 3 years. So we feel like we're in great shape.
Have a wonderful working relationship with our employees, both in the Salar in Santiago and La Negra. There's a lot of activity down there right now, so working with them together to get that contract -- get those contracts renewed to [ provide ] great leadership from both the employee side on the union's and ours, so kudos to all of those guys.

Yes, this is Luke. We look at it normally on an annual basis because if we got -- you got a plant that's running 40,000 met tons and you shut it down for a week or 2 -- or 2 weeks for something, you can see a change. So what I would say is what we've always said. We expect the margins would be north of 40% and we believe we'll be able to hold that well into the future. If we look last year, I think our overall lithium margins on an EBITDA basis were roughly 43% to 44% on a round. And if I look at it this year, first quarter, it was kind of 44%. Second quarter was 45%. So we're kind of right on where we said we're going to be. I think, overall, for the full year, you'll see similar margins that we saw in the first quarter. And I would expect, as we guide in 2019, we would see similar type margins.

We will look at that as it comes and it depends upon what the timing is. It depends upon what the capabilities of that toller is and it depends upon what return on invested capital would be, so -- and what we would have to invest in there. So it -- we look at that, obviously, but the returns have got to be right for us to do an acquisition given where we are from an organic. And as we look at it as well, we've talked about the importance of having assets within China and outside of China because within China, any export of lithium hydroxide has a 17% non-recoverable VAT and we just want to be sure we can service our customers efficiently and effectively outside China and inside of China.