Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin by thanking the Tractor Supply team for again delivering strong results. In some ways, this quarter may have been our best relative performance over the course of the last 2 years. The team demonstrated grit and determination as they overcame the lapping of last year's robust performance, the impacts of the Omicron variants, particularly in January, the significant inflationary pressures and the ongoing supply chain constraints, the last 2 of which were both exacerbated by the tragic conflict in Ukraine. 
No matter what came at the team, they stepped up to the challenge to be there for our customers as a dependable supplier for the Out Here Lifestyle. Our team members, our vendors and other supply chain partners have continued to rise to the occasion as we strive to live our mission and values every day.  
Speaking of our mission and values, in recognition of Earth Week this week, we issued our Stewards of Life Out Here Sustainability Report. This comprehensive report provides detailed information and progress on our ESG efforts. It significantly enhances our transparency and disclosure related to our environmental sustainability actions. Of note in the report is the establishment of a new water usage goal to reduce on an absolute level, our water footprint by 25 million gallons by 2025. ESG makes great business sense for Tractor Supply and setting targets for ourselves in these areas creates long-term value and allows us to have a positive impact on the world and the communities that we call home.  
As a purpose-driven company, we remain committed to constant improvement on this journey.  
Let's turn to a review of the business for the first quarter of 2022. The year started out on a strong note. We grew net sales by 8.3% with comparable store sales up 5.2%. Diluted EPS was $1.65, an increase of 6.5% year-over-year. Our comparable store sales growth was driven by strong ticket growth of 6.7%, offset by a decline in transactions of 1.4%. Given the remarkable strength  of our business last year, and as a reminder, we had a 38.6% comp in Q1 last year. We are very pleased with our sales growth. 
Last year, we shared with you that we materially benefited the quarter from a combination of factors, in particular, stimulus spending, favorable weather and inflation. This quarter, we successfully navigated the lapping of these factors despite the spring season getting off to a slow start. On inflation, it benefited sales in the quarter by about 10 percentage points. As we shared in our last earnings call, we felt there was more pressure to the upside on inflation as we entered the quarter, and that is certainly what we saw. 
We continue to see increasing costs in the commodity inputs in our product categories as well as the underlying variables like higher wage labor wage rates and transport costs that are impacting our vendor partners. 
Shifting to CUE. We experienced impressive demand in our consumable, usable and edible categories. As a reminder, these products are need-based and demand-driven and they're what drive trips into our stores. Our CUE sales growth was almost 3x our overall sales growth rate. Our CUE customer trends have never been stronger. 
Kind of rounding out the business, seasonal category performance was mixed as we had solid performance in our winter season categories during a much colder January, but our spring season categories performed below average due to colder weather temperatures in the month of March. 
Shifting to e-commerce. E-commerce again saw double-digit growth, and this represented our 39th consecutive quarter of double-digit or better growth in e-commerce. We are making great strides in expanding our digital presence. Of note, our mobile app now represents more than 15% of our digital sales. This quarter, we crossed 3 million downloads of the Tractor Supply app. And this is a major milestone in our ONETractor strategy and our ability to offer our customers a more seamless shopping experience.  
Our Neighbor's Club program reached a record 24.8 million members in the quarter, an increase of 24% from last year's first quarter. It seems like much longer than a year ago, but we recently celebrated the 1-year anniversary of the relaunch of Neighbor's Club to a points-based loyalty program. The relaunch has been an overwhelming success as it has measurably encouraged customers to migrate their spending upwards. Our Neighbor's Club members are comping at a faster overall rate than our overall company performance, and we're seeing strong growth and retention in our high-value customers. 
We are confident in our business short term and long term. Last quarter, we shared with you several structural trends from which we're benefiting, including world revitalization, increased pet ownership, home setting and the rise in self-reliant. As the market leader, we are well positioned to continue to benefit from these structural trends. Additionally, we are seeing increasing momentum from our Life Out Here strategic initiatives enabling us to continue to gain share. 
As we look forward, we believe we have many vectors for growth, and our business has never been stronger. That said, we acknowledge that there is significant uncertainty in the macro environment. We have a lot of the year still ahead of us. And in keeping with our long-standing practices prior to the pandemic, we continue to believe that the best way to look at this business is on the half. 
On the heels of last year's record performance and a strong start to the year, we are reiterating our guidance for fiscal year 2022. We continue to see significant opportunities for growth ahead of us. I'll briefly address the Orscheln acquisition. We continue to work collaboratively with the FTC towards a positive resolution and hope to have an update in the coming months. Accordingly, we are limited in the comments we can make about the transaction at this time. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kurt to discuss some of the details of the first quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year.

Thanks, Kurt. Last quarter at our enhanced earnings event, we shared significant details on our Life Out Here strategy. We believe we have a robust idiosyncratic drivers for growth over time. Our strategy is gaining traction and the team is executing well. For the remainder of my prepared remarks, I'm going to provide an update on our customer, including our Neighbor's Club, and provide some highlights of our merchandising initiatives for the spring and summer season. 
Our customer trends are in great shape, and we're committed to capturing wallet share through legendary customer service, our numerous digital properties, our seamless shopping experience and our Neighbor's Club loyalty program. Our customer base continues to be remarkably healthy and highly engaged with our brand. In our Q2 2020 earnings call, nearly 2 years ago, we discussed that our goal was to nurture and capitalizing on the  generational growth we were seeing in our customer base, seizing on the opportunities to retain millions of new customers and expand share of wallet with our core customers and expand the number of capital categories shop by both customer sets. And I'm pleased to share with you today that, that's exactly what we're seeing in our customer base. 
Our active customer base is now much larger than coming into the pandemic as we have retained the majority of the millions of new customers that shopped us the last couple of years and our active customers are driving frequency and spending more money. On our new customers, we continue to see strong new customer acquisition with absolute run rates that are at pre-COVID levels and very stable. 
Continuing on a theme since 2020, our new customers continue to skew younger. We're seeing ongoing growth in our millennial shoppers as there's been a net migration out of urban areas, largely driven by millennials. Since the start of the pandemic, the most robust homeownership growth is in the millennial cohort, with the growth coming in suburban and rural areas. We believe the growth in the millennial customer supports the vibrancy and relevance of the Tractor Supply brand well into the future. 
Another positive contributor to our strong sales growth has been our Neighbor's Club. As I mentioned earlier, the revamp of the program in April of last year from an Infinity program to a tiered points-based loyalty program has been rapidly adopted by our customers. Neighbor's Club is a significant growth platform for us. Notably, we reached our highest level of customers spending over $1,000 annually  and we also reached our highest level of customers ever spending over $2,000 annually. Transactions, total sales and spend per active Neighbor's Club member all grew significantly in the quarter. These customer trends are an indication that we continue to benefit from the structural tailwinds I mentioned earlier, such as rural revitalization, pet ownership, home setting and self-reliance. 
Our brand momentum is stronger than ever, and we're investing to ensure we continue to play offense in the context of these trends. The overall health of our customer base contributes to our confidence in our outlook for the year. 
Let's shift to spring. Our stores in e-commerce are well positioned to take advantage of the seasonal change to serve our customers. As of today, we have over 175 garden centers, customer ready for spring. We continue to forecast having garden center transformations of our side lot and over 15% of our stores by the end of the year, where spring has cooperated, we are very excited about our customers' response to the expanded product offering and layout. 
To capture incremental share of wallet in the lawn and garden category, we've expanded our offerings of battery-powered outdoor power equipment. Tractor Supply is the exclusive retailer of the Greenworks Pro 60-volt platform which includes more than 75 battery-operated professional-grade residential tools, including zero-turn riding and push mowers, chainsaws, trimmers, leaf blowers, snow throwers and more. 
Tractor Supply began offering Greenworks Pro 60-volt products online earlier this year, and we rolled them out in our stores the past few weeks. Notably, the addition of battery-operated zero-term lower from Greenworks strengthens our position as the zero-turn headquarters with our market-leading assortment from Toro, Bad Boy and Cub Cadet. This past Saturday, we hosted a Try Before You Buy Event at our stores that allowed our cost -- customers an opportunity to test drive our market-leading assortment and the various models in our stores. 
Chick Days are always an exciting time in store and something that our customers look forward to with the change of seasons to spring. We sell millions of birds each year. And this year, we've expanded our breed options as well as widened our coop, feed and care assortment. This is a great example of a home stating category for our new millennial customer who's adopting the Out Here Lifestyle. And importantly, our store teams have the knowledge to help a customer in the category, whether they are novice or an expert. 
We have a leading lineup of top selling, highest quality tools that are relative to our customers. Last week, we announced the addition of Dremel and Bosch to our power tool line up just in time for spring. As mentioned on several previous calls, a key component of Project Fusion is an expansion of our assortment in truck, tool and hardware. Our lineup and tools now includes Makita, DEWALT, PORTER-CABLE exclusively, Bosch and Dremel. We are much more of a destination now for our customers in this category. And as an aside, we're also on track to have Project Fusion implemented in nearly 30% of our stores by year-end. 
To wrap up, the Tractor Supply team continues to thrive through the dynamic macroeconomic environment while making incredible progress for laying the foundation for the future. Track Supply has a proven business model. that has been resilient over numerous different types of business cycles with significant growth and market share opportunities ahead of us, it's an exciting time to be at Tractor Supply. My thanks and appreciation go off to the team for their dedication to living our mission and values every day. 
And now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Scot, and thanks for joining our call. Appreciate the question. I'd start out just at the highest level, consumers very healthy. As Kurt mentioned, we exceeded our expectations in Q1, and kind of a few nuances on that. Where we -- in the business where we're lapping the stimulus from last year, notably in big ticket. We saw some fall off there, but  it was very much in line with what we expected and what we had foreshadowed at our enhanced earnings event, when we talked about some pressure from big ticket dominantly in the last part of Q1 and early part of Q2. 
As Kurt mentioned and I mentioned also in the prepared remarks, we've seen a little bit of a slow start to spring, but it's been in the categories you would expect, and spring always comes. We've had it -- play out in many different ways over the last couple of decades on spring. But otherwise, really see no elasticity in the customer. 
And I'd point to our CUE business as an indication to that, it's comped 3x our overall comp rate, dry dog food above 20% comps. In fact, the month of March was our highest dollar volume ever in dry dog food. If I just step back, we serve a lifestyle. It's a demand-driven need-based kind of product categories for the most part and have a track record of consistency and resilience really across all different types of economic cycles. And in addition to that track record of consistency in the demand-driven business model, 2 additional factors going for us now. 
One are the continued kind of macro tailwinds, things like world revitalization and pet adoption that I mentioned earlier and then also our Life Out Here strategy. And with 175 garden centers. And by the end of the year, 30% of our -- nearly 30% of our stores remodel with Fusion. We just got -- we've got a lot of tailwinds right now and as it relates to the consumer, we've really not seen much reaction to inflation or any other kind of economic elements. 
As far as the impact on inflation, to your second point of your question, I'd kind of point to Kurt's comments in his prepared remarks around we did exceed our expectations in Q1. Just given the -- our historic convention of sticking to the half and also just given the macro environment, we thought it was prudent to reiterate our guidance. But certainly, if you roll through the beat in the first quarter, it would take you towards the high end of our guidance for the year. 
And then if we were to exceed performance for the rest of the year, we ended up having a -- and continue to do that. We ended up having a nice year. I do think inflation continues to be persistent. And we continue to see it come through, and we continue to be able to navigate it very effectively.

Yes. Michael, it's Hal. And I'm going to take the first -- the second part of your question first on housing and then have Seth talk a little bit about spring  On housing, we don't have as much of a direct correlation to new home starts and existing home sales like other segments of retail. That said, one of the trends we have been benefiting from is the notion of home setting and people investing in their homes and in their land and also of the rural revitalization as well as we've had kind of a shift out of urban and even suburban areas into ex-suburban and rural. I think all the data sets still suggest that those trends are continuing. 
Even if you look at the existing home sales and new home sales, which have come up the last few days, while there were some year-over-year reductions, still very strong absolute numbers, and then if you look at the amount of housing stock that we're short in the United States, I think you're going to continue to see very strong absolute numbers for many years -- many quarters and years to come. 
And I think you're going to see more of that outside of the cities, and we'll continue to benefit from that. Most of our customers own their land, own their homes and they've seen home and land depreciation, particularly out of rural, which has had outsized gains versus urban. They're benefiting from that. There's been a bit of a wealth effect. So certainly feel like that home stetting trend and that rural revitalization trend are still very strong macroeconomic tailwinds for us. On Spring, as Kurt mentioned, we've had a -- spring has been slow to start, but we are very excited about our spring plans, inventory is in a great spot, marketing and merchandising, our prime, CUE is driving footsteps -- and I'm going to turn it over to Seth to talk a little bit about some of our spring plans in more detail.

Good morning, Steven, and thanks for joining our call. If we step back and just talk about the macroeconomic environment what we're seeing is very consistent with what we're all reading in the headlines every day. I'll start with persistent inflation. We had the CPI of 8.5% in the month of March, that we've seen 0.5 point increases a month in the last handful of months. It's tough to say if we're at peak inflation, but the way I think about it is we're seeing persistent inflation. And I think we will see strong inflation not only through this year but into next year. 
As it relates to the economy, so far, the consumer has shown real strength and their ability to kind of navigate the inflation. And I think you're hearing that today in our earnings call, but also hearing it in many other earnings calls that have come out over the last week, and there's a variety of reasons for that. I mean you've had strong wage growth across the country. You've got $2 trillion plus of pent-up savings that people are starting to tap into now, and you can see that in savings rate. You do see a little bit of credit card usage up. But I think if you dig into that, what you're seeing is people using their credit cards and then tapping into their savings to pay those down with default rates not yet moving up. I think the consumer is navigating this very well. And I think any talk of recession at this point is premature. 
And stepping back, if you look at our business, we've had 30 straight years of positive comp transactions. We've had 30 straight years of net sales growth, 29 of the last 30, we've had positive comp sales growth. This is a business that has been able to navigate all types of  economic cycles, whether it was the recession in '20, the recession in 2007, '08 and '09, whether it was COVID, just a couple of years ago, all those sorts of scenarios, this business has been incredibly resilient, stable and consistent through. 
And as I mentioned earlier, there's a number of macroeconomic tailwinds that are really benefiting us that I think even accentuate the stability of our business and then combine that with our Life Out Here strategy which is just indicative of just the next leg of growth for our company and 40 years ago, we doubled down in animal feed. 20 years ago, we doubled down in pet food. Now we're doubling down in live goods, combined with our Fusion remodel. We've never had more customer shopping Tractor Supply. We've never had a stronger digital business at Tractor Supply. Our business is incredibly strong right now, and we're very much excited about the business from a short-term perspective and long term.

Karen, how are you this morning? Thanks for joining our call and for the question. On inflation in our enhanced earnings call, we mentioned that our assumption was around 4% for the year, but that if anything, we saw a potential for upside to that and that's very much what we saw in the quarter. And we're not providing kind of an update on that 4% number today, but I would say that if there's a potential for upside there still remains. Kind of my comment to an earlier question around inflation being persistent, I do think it will continue through the balance of the year and run at 4% or higher. 
On the traffic, we were very pleased with the traffic in the quarter that we had, and it exceeded our expectations. To your point on 2- and 3-year stacks, it was either in line or above sequentially and with our previous quarters. And in particular, if you think about the stimulus benefits from last year, but certainly, the spring differences, the weather differences in the month of March, we were very pleased with how our comp transactions ran. 
And we've never had more customers shopping tractor supply than we have on a rolling 12 basis. We've done an excellent job of maintaining the tens of millions of new customers that have shopped us over the last 2 years. Our active customer file is incredibly strong. Our Neighbor's Club membership program members have never been higher. The participation, active participation in the Neighbor's Club program has never been higher. 
So we feel really good about our customer trajectory, our transaction trajectory within those customers and our customers kind of navigating inflation in our business kind of in a demand-driven need-based type environment.

Yes. I think to clarify, I think what we were trying to articulate there was there's a variety of scenarios that could play out for the balance of the year. And one of those could be that inflation continues to run high. And if so, that might drive some different behavior in customer shopping patterns, notably that they might consolidate trips more. And if they do that, what we might see is a higher basket size with slightly lower transactions. And we just -- we're saying, look, that's one scenario that could play out and still very much within the context of our guidance. 
And then the same thing on the margin profile side, kind of the point is more around, if inflation still runs high, we might see a little bit more pressure than what we had guided on gross margin rates, still excellent margin rate performance, but we see a little bit less pressure on SG&A because our fixed costs would be running on higher sales dollars and that would still deliver us the operating margin rate in the -- in line -- in the range of our guidance. 
And we're very pleased with our operating margin performance in the first quarter. We really, as Kurt mentioned, exceeded our expectations across all core metrics, traffic, sales and operating margin and EPS.

And thanks for the question, Michael. I'd say it's probably 3 things on that to kind of break big ticket up a bit. There are -- we saw fall off in big ticket sales directly attributable to stimulus very much in line with what we expected. And those were in nonseasonal categories dominantly things like gun safes. In the seasonal businesses, big ticket, as Seth mentioned, where we've seen the spring weather break, we've seen excellent results in things like riders and grills, bigger ticket items. 
And then as it relates to inflation, we certainly are seeing inflation in those categories like we're seeing across the board. But I would say that we're also pleased with our unit movement in those categories, not just sales driven by inflation. 
So overall, we continue to be -- feel very confident in our business short term and long term, inclusive of big ticket and we're excited about the rest of the year.

Yes. Steven, thanks for the question. And we have all been on the road a lot recently, making sure -- it's a core tenet of Tractor Supply's mission and values and our culture. And I think our team is in great shape. John Ordus and our field organization have just done a fantastic job in hiring. We're nearly 47,000 team members now, done an excellent job managing attrition. We've -- our FAST team continues to roll out to more stores in terms of kind of dedicated FAST team members. 
We're rolling out new productivity programs, as John outlined in our last earnings call, if you walk our stores right now. They've never been in better shape. They -- we've got great service in our stores right now. Product is well organized and on the shelves. We've got -- they're very clean and orderly. We've got really all of the assembly done across Grills and all across riders, and we are ready for spring, ready for the second quarter. And then in terms of engagement, our store -- we had our engagement survey towards the end of last year. Our store team member engagement was at an all-time high. 
As I mentioned earlier, we're doing an excellent job managing attrition and -- our team members are really the glue of our company. And we pride ourselves on the customer service that we deliver inside of our stores and I think we're only continuing to make progress on that even at an already high level. And I think it's going to be a big benefit to us as we move into -- as we are in the second quarter now.

Chuck, how are you and thank you for joining the call today. On CUE, I would attribute our strong growth to taking share. As we talked about in our enhanced earnings event, for the 2-year stack, our total sales grew 52% relative to the market at 25%, which meant we grew -- outgrew the market by 27 points, significant share gain. And that is -- we're the market leader in animal feed. We're one of the market leaders in pet food and we are gaining significant share in both of those categories. It's attributable to our business model, our customer service, our Life Out Here strategy,  and so we're -- that's one of the reasons we're just really excited about CUE and the footsteps that's driving into our stores and the setup that has for us for the balance of the year.