Thank you, Meredith, and good morning, everyone. On the call today, I will cover a high-level overview of results and strategy and highlight additional actions we're taking to improve the sustainability of and to grow our business. Scott will then review third quarter financials, provide updates on our balance sheet and cost savings initiatives and review our outlook.  
At Albemarle, our first priority is the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. Thanks to the courage and dedication of our employees, we've been able to safely operate our facilities throughout the pandemic to meet customer needs. Our cross-functional global response team continues to meet regularly to address -- to assess pandemic-related risks and adapt protocols as necessary. Protocols, including restricted travel, shift adjustments, increased hygiene and social distancing, remain in place at all locations. Our recent focus has shifted from managing the immediate crisis to building in flexibility to adjust for regional differences and changing conditions.  
Today, looking at our nonessential workers around the globe, most of North America remains on a work-from-home status. Asia and Australia have returned to work sites. Most of Europe returned to work sites over the summer but have now gone back to work from home given rising COVID-19 cases and rates. And finally, in Chile, improving COVID-19 rates and falling cases have allowed us to trial a soft reopening approach at a work site at reduced capacity. As we all know, the situation is challenging and continues to evolve. I'm grateful to our team for their continued vigilance and commitment to the working -- to working safely and productively.  
Turning to recent results. Yesterday, we released third quarter financials, including net income of $98 million or $0.92 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $216 million, down 15% from prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA results surpassed the high end of our Q3 outlook by 14%, thanks to better-than-expected performance in lithium and bromine and the exceptional cost-saving results across our businesses.  
We currently expect full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA of between $780 million and $810 million, lower year-over-year based on reduced global economic activity due to the global pandemic and reduced lithium pricing, as expected, going into the year. Scott will go into more detail on our outlook for the rest of this year and talk directionally about next year.  
In late 2019, we launched an initiative to achieve sustainable cost savings of over $100 million per year by the end of 2021, with about half of that, or $50 million, to be achieved in 2020. Earlier this year, with the onset of the pandemic-related economic slowdown, we accelerated those initiatives, giving us line of sight to $50 million to $70 million savings in 2020. Implementation has been even more successful than we expected and we are on track to deliver about $80 million in savings this year and to reach a run rate of more than $120 million by the end of 2021. We plan to turn this 2-year project into an ongoing culture of operating discipline and continuous improvement with additional cost and efficiency targets.  
Our strategic approach to sustainability is another facet of this operational discipline and a key area of focus for Albemarle. Since we spoke last quarter, we have published our enhanced sustainability report which expands on the 4 key quadrants of our sustainability framework and sets the baseline for our environmental performance and increased disclosures. Now we are working to establish sustainability goals and targets and continue to make progress in each quadrant.  
This week, we also published our global labor policy in alignment with international labor organization conventions and our Human Rights and Global Community Relations & Indigenous Peoples Policies, both consistent with UN guiding principles. These policies will be available on the Sustainability section of our website.  
I'm proud to say that Albemarle generates more than 50% of our revenues from products that help reduce greenhouse gas emissions or promote greater resource efficiency. As our lithium business grows, an even larger proportion of our business will contribute to global sustainability.  
In summary, we are concentrating our efforts where they matter most so we can continue to create sustainable value for our customers, investors and stakeholders.  
Our growth projects at La Negra and Kemerton are key to increasing our battery-grade lithium conversion capacity in line with long-term customer demand. La Negra III and IV is an expansion of our lithium carbonate capacity in Chile. The project is expected to reach mechanical completion in mid-2021 followed by a 6-month commissioning and qualification process. La Negra III and IV allows us to add carbonate capacity at the very low end of the cost curve.  
Kemerton, our new lithium hydroxide conversion plant in Western Australia, is on track to reach mechanical completion by late '21, with a 6-month commissioning and qualification process to follow. Kemerton is core to growing our hydroxide capacity in line with expected strong long-term market demand.  
And with that update, I'll turn it over to Scott for more detail on our recent results.

Thanks, Scott. Economic conditions are improving but uncertainty remains, particularly if additional COVID-19 impacts lengthen the time to a full economic recovery. We have the playbook established and know-how to manage through subsequent ways of COVID-19 as necessary.  
At the same time, we are confident in the long-term growth prospects of our core businesses and continue to focus on controlling what we can control. That means, first and foremost, focusing on the health and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. It also means building operational discipline and sustainability into all aspects of our business, including manufacturing, supply chain, capital project execution and the customer experience. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution of that strategy to further position Albemarle for success.

Tom, it's a function of our projects and when they're coming on and the capacity is coming on and who has that capacity to capture growth. So there's not a lot we can do about that. At this point, we're on our plan to bring that capacity on but the likely demand will pick up before we have that capacity. So we will lose a little share but we expect that, that will move back to us as we get that capacity on as the market continues to grow out into the future.

Well frankly, it's going to -- it'll depend on how the market develops over the year. It's -- without having volume, we'll have some cost savings to offset inflation and those pieces -- but we'll be close, we'll be around flat unless we get a material change in pricing.

Yes. I'll make a comment and then let Eric give you a little bit more detail on his perspective. So -- and that's the magic question. It looks like when you look at the indices out there, that it's at least bottomed if not starting to tick up a little bit, but we probably need to see that a bit more to have more confidence. But we are anticipating that, that turns up during '21 and the question is when during '21. 
So Eric, you want to add something?

So I'll comment and Raphael can also comment. But I think a lot of that -- it depends on demand and the view of what -- when driving comes back, when travel comes back. And it's really about fuel demand and refinery utilization for us. So our view, we don't see us getting back to '19 levels for -- until -- into '22, probably very late '22, to be back to that both from a fuel demand, utilization and from our perspective as well.

Yes. So if the market gets tight and the supply is not there, I mean, prices should move up. I mean we kind of expect to see that around hydroxide, less about -- less with carbonate. And it's difficult. I mean we had delayed our projects a bit. When the pandemic hit, we just didn't know what things were going to look like. And as soon as we got some visibility, we kind of tried to pull those back as much as possible. And we haven't lost much time on that and we haven't really lost -- our capital estimates are still kind of the same range as well. So -- but it's really not possible for us to pull it more forward than our current plans. We wouldn't be able to accelerate now the impact when those projects are coming on stream. 
So from our perspective, I don't think we're going to have extra capacity to what we are anticipating. We may be a little early with the projects, earlier than our plan, but it's not going to be dramatic.

Right. So well I mean, you know what's happening there so they're going to vote to redo their constitution. That's going to -- that's a pretty long process that they have in place to do that. And so far, that's all been without too much turmoil. So we don't -- we have to wait and see what that constitution looks like. We don't really expect it to impact our rights in the Atacama, but I mean, I guess that's something we'll have to wait and see. I don't think it would be -- I mean it's not in Chile's interest to start changing how they work with the international community. Chile's got a great reputation following the rule of law and having a strong economy in South America. It's going to be an example. So I don't think they want to change that, but it's something we'll have to watch very closely as that plays out.

I'm not -- Vincent, I'm not sure I'm clear on the question. So to go after the other 40% of the asset?

From a resource standpoint, you're talking...

Yes. Okay. So I mean -- so we have access to those resources to which it's just about building conversion capacity. So we've kind of started that process. So La Negra and Kemerton is part of that. So we're building that out. We'll sell those plants out and then we'll layer in additional capacity to go after. And that's our strategy and our plan longer term. 
We haven't necessarily laid out a CapEx program publicly over time but that's the plan, is we build capacity and then we sell it out and then we reinvest.

Well we'll be layering in that capacity. So what we're trying to do is kind of get it just right. We add capacity as the market grows and bring that on as it's required. And it's a matter of how well we execute and how well we forecast the market. But we think we can. That's what we're trying to do.

So we've -- well we're in the process of having those discussions with our customers. So that -- I mean you're right, we made concessions late '19 for the 2020 period. They were 1 year concessions. Market price is lower than it was at the time we made those concessions today. And so we're -- but we're having discussions about what that -- those contracts will look like for 2021 at the moment. And it's too early to kind of -- to give any too much guidance on exactly what that looks like because we're having those discussions today.

Eric, you want to talk a little bit about the contracting strategy?

Okay. So I'm assuming you're talking about lithium. So we've been -- that's where all the inventory questions come from. I want to qualify that. So next year, I mean, we -- I mean inventory is probably in the channel. We don't think it really changed much from what we said in the last quarter. And we're saying demand has picked up and it feels better but we don't have data to say that inventory is any less than it was last quarter. So that still has to be worked off. 
But given the demand profile we see in 2021 and our limited capacity, we kind of -- we don't expect to build inventories there. We would expect actually to be -- we'll work those down and then be working off of what we would consider is kind of standard inventory in the channel. So we don't see it building, at least from our perspective, through 2021. We see us working inventories off.

Netha, you want to make a few comments on that?

Yes. I'll start. So first, your question about inventory. So I mean, there's a limit on inventories on hydroxide and we -- and there are a little more than normal in the channel. And we had actually shut down some facilities to manage that a little bit because there's a life on hydroxide. So you want to be careful about how you manage those inventories. So -- and we'll work through those inventories to next year. So we'll be able to probably -- we'll sell more than we'll be able to make. So we are doing that to some degree but we're limited by kind of the life of hydroxide, and that's where that extra demand comes from. 
The other question on Wodgina. So our limitation is on conversion capacity, right? So Wodgina is not producing but that's because we can't -- we don't have capacity to convert that. So Kemerton brings us -- gets us going in that direction. And then we would just -- where we have to manage between Wodgina and Talison about how that -- how -- what resource we use there. So -- but we're limited more on conversion capacity. So we'd be needing to add additional conversion capacity to take full advantage of our resources.

Eric, you want to...

So your numbers are right, although they're not going to -- it's not going to turn on day 1 at those capacities, right? So there's a ramp. And our manufacturing process is to get us up to those full capacity. So they won't come on all when you just turn a switch. Unfortunately, it doesn't work like that. 
And Eric, you want to talk about kind of the ramp of sales versus production?

Raphael, you want to comment?

No. Go ahead.

Yes. No, we're well advanced in those discussions. So we feel comfortable about where we're headed.

Eric?