Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our quarterly results, recap our 2021 successes and update you on our expansion plans. Scott will provide more details on our financial results, outlook and capital allocation priorities. And finally, I'll walk you through our 2022 objectives.
2021 was a transformative year for Albemarle. Our strategic execution and ability to effectively manage the challenges of the global pandemic enabled us to capitalize on the strength of the lithium and bromine markets and generate results that exceeded expectations. For the year, excluding our Fine Chemistry Services business, which was sold in June of 2021, we increased net sales by 11% to $3.3 billion, which was in line with our previous guidance. Adjusted EBITDA grew 13% in 2021 to $871 million, surpassing the upper end of our guidance.
Looking ahead, our outlook for 2022 has improved based primarily on favorable market conditions for lithium and bromine. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow between 35% and 55% versus 2021, excluding Fine Chemistry Services. To continue driving this growth, we are focused on quickly bringing capacity online with accelerated investments. La Negra III and IV is currently in commercial qualification, and we expect to start realizing first sales from this facility in the second quarter.
In November, we achieved mechanical completion of the first train at Kemerton. The construction team is now dedicated to the second train, and we will be able to leverage our experience from train 1 to improve efficiencies and timeliness of this project. And we recently signed a nonbinding letter agreement to explore the expansion of our MARBL joint venture with increased optionality and reduced risk.
Now looking at Slide 5. We introduced this slide early last year to lay out our 2021 objectives designed to support the 4 pillars of our strategy: to grow profitably, to maximize productivity, to invest with discipline and to advance sustainability. I would like to thank our teams for their extraordinary efforts. Virtually all the goals we set last year were met or exceeded despite challenges related to severe weather, supply chain issues and the ongoing effects of the pandemic. The focus of our people around the world is what drove our strong year and underscores our ability to deliver on our commitments. These accomplishments have also set the stage for us to take advantage of the growth opportunities ahead.
Just as important as driving growth is an ongoing dedication to strong ESG values. I'm very proud of what you see on Slide 6. Since I became CEO in 2020, one of my main priorities has been continued improvement in sustainability. I'm pleased to see that these efforts are increasingly being recognized externally, but it certainly isn't a new initiative for Albemarle. Sustainability is not just doing the right thing but also doing it the right way.
For example, the lithium market is expected to see significant demand growth in the coming years. As a leader in lithium production, we expect to be an example and help define the standards of sustainability in this market as it goes through this fundamental shift.
Now turning to Slide 7 and more on the lithium market outlook. Based on our current market data, EV trends and regular interactions with our customers, we are revising our lithium demand outlook upwards once again. We now expect 2025 lithium demand of approximately 1.5 million tons, up more than 30% from our previous estimates. Beyond 2025, we anticipate continued growth with lithium demand of more than 3 million tons by 2030.
EV sales growth is accelerating as consumers become more energy-conscious, governments incentivize clean energy, technology improves and EV's approach pricing parity with internal combustion vehicles. In 2021, global EV production nearly doubled to over 6 million vehicles from 3 million in 2020. By the end of the decade, EVs are expected to account for close to 40% of automotive sales.
When you look at last year's growth rate of nearly 50% and the auto industry's ambitions for a rapid transition to EVs, it's easy to see why demand expectations are so bullish. However, meeting this demand will be a challenge.
Turning to our Wave 2 projects on Slide 8. La Negra III and IV, which will add conversion capacity for our Chilean brine resource in the Salar de Atacama, is currently in the customer qualification process. We anticipate incremental volumes and revenue contribution from this project in the second quarter of this year.
While there are significant changes taking place to the political landscape in Chile, we do not anticipate any material impacts to our business. We support the Chilean people's right of self-determination and applaud the peaceful leadership transition in that country. Our team has already begun building relationships with the incoming administration.
As I mentioned earlier, Kemerton I reached mechanical completion late last year and is currently in the commissioning phase. This puts us on track to begin first sales in the second half of this year. Kemerton II remains on track to reach mechanical completion by the end of this year.
The OEMs and battery manufacturers have been investing heavily in growth, including commitments in North America and Europe, and the lithium industry must do the same.
Turning to Slide 9. We provide an overview of how Albemarle is investing to support downstream growth. Since our Investor Day, we have accelerated and further defined our Wave 3 projects, including the announcement of 3 strategic investments in China. This wave of investments will provide Albemarle with approximately 200,000 tons of additional capacity. That's up from 150,000 tons of capacity originally planned for Wave 3. We've also continued to progress our growth options for Wave 4. Based on discussions with our customers, we are analyzing options to restart our Kings Mountain lithium mine and the potential to build conversion assets in North America and Europe.
Our vertical integration, access to high-quality, low-cost resources, years of experience bringing conversion capacity online and strong balance sheet provide us with considerable advantages.
I'm on Slide 10 now. In China, we expect to close the acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility in the first half of this year. This transaction is progressing well, and we continue to work through the appropriate regulatory reviews. The Qinzhou plant is currently being commissioned, and we have begun tolling our spodumene to assist with that process.
We continue to progress the 2 greenfield lithium conversion projects in Meishan and Zhangjiagang. We have started site clearing at Meishan and expect to break ground at Zhangjiagang later this year. We expect mechanical completion of both projects by the end of 2024.
The restart of 1 of 3 processing lines at the Wodgina mine is going well, with first spodumene concentrate production now expected in the second quarter. At Greenbushes, Talison continues to ramp production from the CGP 2 facility to meet design throughput and recovery rates. In addition, the tailings project at Talison is on track.
Before I turn the call over to Scott, I'd like to highlight our bromine growth projects on Slide 11. Our bromine business is investing in innovation and capital projects to take advantage of growth opportunities. We expect new products to make up more than 10% of annual bromine revenues by 2025, up from essentially a standing start. The first of these products to launch is Saytex Alero, our next-generation polymeric flame retardant. We first discussed Saytex Alero at our Investor Day last year, and I'm excited to say that we have achieved first commercial sales in January and expect to scale production throughout the year.
We've also invested in the resource expansion at the Smackover Formation in Arkansas, and we continue to grow our conversion and derivative capacity in both Arkansas and Jordan.
With that as an overview, I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss recent results and our outlook.

Scott, you might be on mute.

Yes. We hear you.

Thanks, Scott. I'll end our prepared remarks on Slide 18, outlining our 2022 objectives aligned with our long-term strategy.
First, we will continue to grow profitably. This means completing our Wave 2 expansions and progressing Wave 3 expansions to grow lithium conversion capacity and volumes. We'll also focus on safely and efficiency starting up those facilities.
Next, we will continue to maximize productivity, and this is even more important in today's environment with rising cost for raw materials. We will leverage our operational discipline to offset inflation through manufacturing excellence, implementing lean principles and embracing smart technology to improve HSE, cost, reliability and quality. Our procurement cost-saving initiatives and manufacturing excellence projects will be key to offsetting higher raw materials and freight cost as we work to achieve adjusted EBITDA margin of between 27% and 29%.
We will invest with discipline. As Scott discussed, portfolio management and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating are both high priority for us and will continue to be a focus in 2022. Importantly, we plan to complete the Catalysts strategic review later this year, which will maximize value and set that business up for success while enabling us to focus on growth.
Finally, we will advance sustainability. That means driving progress toward our goals for greenhouse gas emissions and fresh water use and setting additional sustainability targets. We'll also continue to work with our customers to improve the sustainability of the lithium supply chain by completing our mine site certifications, Scope 3 greenhouse gas assessments and analyzing product life cycles.
So with that, I'd like to open the call for questions, and I'll turn it back to Michelle.

Okay. So I'm not sure if volumetric impact -- so you're talking about our Wave 3 expansions, when we see those volumes coming on? Is that...

Yes. So we brought it forward because of the Meishan, Zhangjiagang -- the acquisition at Zhangjiagang. So that was not -- we were hoping to do an acquisition that hadn't -- didn't have that nailed down at the -- when we did the equity raise and the comments that we made then. So that brought it forward. And we've increased the capacity about 50,000 tons in that wave. So the time frame has been pulled a bit forward because we've confirmed that acquisition, and then we've increased that wave by 50,000 tons. And as we said before, the 2 greenfields, we think, will be on by the end of 2024.

Yes. So I'll just -- at a high level, and Eric can give you a little more detail on it. But I think we've talked about it. We want to have a portfolio across the range of those projects. So we're not tying up all the volume on long-term fixed contracts. But we do want to have that element of it. It's becoming probably a bigger part. We're probably fighting to make sure that we keep the portfolio the way we envision it.

Yes. So we're -- I mean, we're in the middle of that. So I don't really want to front run the discussions that we're having with our joint venture partner. But I mean it's really about -- it's expanding it to giving us more reach and mitigating some of the risks that we see in the marketplace by sharing it with a partner.

Yes. So there are a couple of dynamics happening there. So first is we've been aggressive around pricing given inflation coming through. And in the first quarter, we're selling out of inventory where that inflation has not actually hit our cost base yet. So -- and that's true across all of our businesses. So that inflation catches up to us in the back half of the year, and we've already implemented pricing. So that -- there's a lull on that.
And then it's really the same answer on lithium. That's across all the businesses, but particularly in lithium. Spodumene prices have gone up dramatically. In the first quarter, we're selling out of inventories, which have '21 costs. And in '22, those cost increases come through the P&L. And that was the dynamic Scott was talking about, where our EBITDA becomes tax-affected because it's minority interest from JV income. Because even though we're protected from those spodumene prices going up, it shifts from being in our pure EBITDA to minority interest, which gets added to EBITDA but on an after-tax basis. So those are the -- really the 2 drivers for why the first quarter is the highest EBITDA level.

I'm going to take the second question first and then probably talk to Eric for the first. But -- so what we define -- I mean the waves are really just -- those are our definition of projects. So nothing else is going to change. It's not going to move North America from 4 to 3 because 3 is defined, and we're well into execution on those projects right now. And we're still defining exactly what we will do in Wave 4. But we would look to -- we look to accelerate those, but they'll still remain in Wave 4.

Plus those trains are already built.

So I mean, I think you have to appreciate we're bringing on new plants. And when we bring them on, they're not loaded, right? So there's a lot of -- we're doing multiple facilities doing that. So there's high fixed costs associated that -- with lower volumes. But other than that, I mean, the pricing movements are pretty aggressive and pretty consistent.
We've moved our portfolio quite a bit. We've been talking about that, and we've more or less done that. So we're more exposed to the market than we have been in the past. But I think you have to keep in mind that fixed cost piece about bringing on new facilities that are not loaded.

And I think -- I mean, I think part of your question was about are they fixed through the year. So they aren't. Those -- that move with the market -- can move during the year.

Yes. So let me take the first part of your question. Scott -- and then I'll kick over to Scott to talk about the margin piece and the conversion costs. So looking at the change in our capital forecast, it's at least half acceleration. I mean there is -- I mean, we have had additional cost executing projects in Western Australia during the pandemic, has been a challenge for us, and we've had additional costs as well as extending the projects on that. And we also see inflation impacting the projects that we're kicking off now that we didn't see a year ago. So it's probably -- how accurate we can be around that, but it's probably half acceleration and half additional costs associated with inflation and pandemic cost.
And Scott, I'll kick to you for the margin question.

I think what we've said in the past in the long term is -- we stand by that. So I think we've got -- one of the things we -- you have to understand is as spodumene prices go up, that impacts our EBITDA margin because of the nature of the JV. So EBITDA effectively becomes tax-affected to some degree because of the product we purchase from Talison. And that will -- and that won't be different with MARBL going forward.
So that has an impact on the pure EBITDA margin, but it still flows through the P&L once you get fully to the bottom line. So I think to kind of answer your question, we still stand by the guidance that we've provided in the long term. We still think it's in that range.

Eric said it before, that it's a slog, but it's doable. I think the industry has to be aggressive and has to execute well. And I think you're seeing and some of that -- we're getting through some of those growing pains. We think we're probably as experienced as anyone at doing these large conversion facilities and bringing on new resources. But it's a combination of resource and conversion capacity. It is a stretch, but -- and it does require some new technology and operating in some places where historically, the lithium industry hasn't done that, but it's not impossible.

Yes. Well, it's -- I mean, it has stretched a little bit because we've accelerated and we've had inflation. So that inflation is -- if it goes away in 3 years, doesn't matter because we're building the projects in the next couple of years. So there is some impact on that. So it's -- we've accelerated because there's additional capacity associated with that. So that is half of the difference and the other half is inflationary. So it's -- you got to add that on.
And if it -- even if it goes away, I mean, we're not going to be necessarily in Western Australia, but there's still going to be -- and we see -- our forecasting says inflation in the capital equipment that we're buying in the next year and 2.

I think I want to start estimating what the projects are going to turn out to be. But it's up definitely from $1.5 billion. Part of that is the acceleration. So I'm kind of focused on the inflation part. But overall, that's probably not a bad estimate.

Yes. So we're just getting going into the real execution phase of that particular project, but I don't know that -- it's not as complicated a project as a conversion facility. So I think we feel pretty good about executing on that. We are -- we've lost a little bit of the float we had in the schedule, but that's it. We're still on plan and on the schedule that we had, but we have lost a little bit of the contingency from a time standpoint that we originally had built in.

Sorry, Raphael. Let me touch on the strategic review and then let you talk about pricing. So I mean we're going through that process, and it's going well. The timing, we had said, we think, we'll have an answer by middle of the year. And I don't really want to front-run it or comment too much on it beyond that.
Raphael?

Okay. So -- yes. So there's a lot going on in Chile. And new administration is not really in place. And we're trying to build our relationships out in front of that with our local team there. But there have been discussions going on about rewriting the constitution and all of them. The mining royalties across multiple industries have been -- those discussions have been happening for the last 6 months, if not a year. So there's been a lot of discussion. So we're trying to build relationships with the new government, stay close to it.
We don't anticipate a wholesale change in the direction that the government goes with respect to extractive industries, but we do think there'll be changes. Most of that is going to be as you look forward as opposed to on existing businesses, particularly around lithium. So we don't see a wholesale change in the way that lithium is -- the existing business is done in Chile or our royalties that we pay. As an example, we think they're very progressive, probably the highest in the world on lithium for sure and probably even in extractive industry. And we think that, that will hold and maybe become an example for some of the other resource-based industries in Chile. So we're pretty optimistic about our position in Chile.
From a capital allocation standpoint, I mean, we have -- we're spending money now there on the Salar yield project. We've got -- the La Negra III and IV project is really done, and we're in the process of ramping that up. So we won't really need to make a capital allocation decision vis-à-vis Chile for a while. So we'll have a much better view of what's happening in Chile and what the new administration, the direction that they're going and what the rules of the road are before we have to make a significant capital allocation decision there.

Yes. So I'm going to take the first shot at that. And Eric, you can fill in if I miss some of the key points. But I guess the first thing is security of supply has always been a key part of our value proposition. And in our view, we -- it didn't get the attention that we thought it deserved in the past. We've always built on having multiple resources, different locations, diversification in our supply base and security of supply. Albemarle has a portfolio that is unlike anyone else's in the industry. And that's from both a conversion, geopolitical, resource, cost base, brine, rock, everything.
So that said, it is getting more attention. And I think the OEMs and the battery manufacturers, but probably the OEMs more than anything else, are paying more attention to that. They're seeing that there may be a structural deficit or at least they want to make sure they align with the most reliable players. And we're having conversations with different people. They're just conversations about different pricing structures.
In the industry, we've shifted our -- the portfolio shift that we've done now is really something we started a couple of years ago, put it on hold when prices went so low because we didn't want to renegotiate contracts at a trough. But we've been able to do that now, and that will probably continue to evolve. The structure that we have now is probably not the one that lasts for the balance of the industry. So I suspect there are changes in those structures to come, and a lot of it will be based on security of supply and quality and the ability to bring on projects and deliver what you say you're going to do.

Yes. I wouldn't read into that, that, that's a change in our strategy. It was opportunistic, and it was product that we had sitting in inventory that had -- was made several years ago and had just been sitting. And we took the opportunity to sell that into the market because there was just an opportunity, and we took advantage of it. It's just opportunistic. You shouldn't read into that, that we've changed our view on selling spodumene in the market.

Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your participation on our call today. Our successes in '21 have positioned us well to capitalize on the strength in the markets that we serve. And this coming year is about execution. I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders by accelerating the growth of our business in a sustainable way and to lead the industry by example. Thank you.