Thank you, Luke. It's good to be here today. I'm excited for the opportunity, and I look forward to meeting with members of the investment community virtually and eventually in person when it's safe for us to do so. As Luke mentioned, I joined the Board in 2015 with the acquisition of Rockwood where I had been on the Board -- where I've been a Board member there since 2007. Over the past 5 years, I've worked closely with Luke and was actively involved with my Board colleagues in establishing the company's purpose and values, which are core to our identity. 
What excites me about Albemarle is the innovation and leadership we bring to our markets and the prospects we have for future growth. We have earned an enviable position in our markets. And with our strong strategy and values, we will build on that legacy for years to come. 
On today's call, I will cover a high-level overview of the current environment, our actions in light of COVID-19 and our capital allocation priorities. Scott will review the first quarter financials, provide an update on cost savings and review our outlook. First, I want to emphasize that the safety and welfare of our people is our highest priority. We are taking multiple actions to protect our employees, serve our customers and help fight the spread of COVID-19. 
Thankfully, to date, our sites are operating without material impact related to the pandemic. I deeply appreciate the courage and continued support of the frontline essential workers in our communities and our dedicated Albemarle employees who continue to ensure safe operations at our facilities and offices worldwide. 
Yesterday, we released first quarter results, including net income of $107 million or $1.01 per share. Adjusted EBITDA of $196 million was down 13% from prior year. We have previously communicated the outlook for first quarter EBITDA to be down about 25% from prior year. Ultimately, we beat that outlook due to better sales in bromine and lithium and better-than-expected cost reductions. 
Of course, there will be impacts to all of our businesses related to COVID-19. The timing, duration and severity of those impacts will vary for each business. Given the degree of uncertainty, we are withdrawing our full year 2020 outlook. We plan to reinstate long-term guidance as soon as it is practical to do so. In the meantime, we are temporarily introducing quarterly guidance that Scott will walk you through in a few minutes. 
We have evaluated our capital allocation priorities in light of the current environment and are focusing on -- we are focusing our efforts on preserving cash and maintaining our dividend. That means taking preemptive measures to bolster our balance sheet and maintain financial flexibility. We are also stepping up and accelerating cost-savings initiatives that were already underway and introducing short-term cash management plans. 
We will remain focused on controlling what is within our control. And we'll continue to act in the best interest of our shareholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders to ensure success in these uncertain times.
Right now, ensuring success means responding to COVID-19 in a way that protects our employees, customers, suppliers and communities. Our Chinese operations were the first to be impacted by the virus. We have been able to take those early learnings from our teams in China and apply them around the globe. 
In early March, we created a global cross-functional pandemic response team to recommend, develop and implement strategies to respond to the pandemic. Albemarle's leadership team meets almost daily to review and take actions on recommendations from that team. In uncertain times, communication is critical, and we are in frequent dialogue with our employees around the world. To help our employees stay safe and healthy, we have implemented protocols, including restricting travel, implementing work from home for nonessential personnel, and adjusting shifts, increasing hygiene practices and requiring social distancing for essential workers in our plants. 
To date, we have had very few confirmed cases. However, availability of testing varies by region. A small number of employees have self-quarantined due to prior travel, exposure to a COVID positive individual or presenting mild flu, mild cold or flu-like symptoms. We are thankful that the number of people directly impacted by COVID-19 has been trending down across the globe, and we see this as evidence that the precautions we are taking are working. 
We are communicating frequently with our customers and suppliers to help us manage supply and demand issues as they arise. To date, our plants have operated with minimal impacts other than in China where we operated at reduced rates for 2 weeks at the first -- during the first quarter. 
For the health and welfare of our business partners, we have halted customer visits to our plant sites and have implemented plant-entry protocols for safe and efficient deliveries. Logistics remain a concern across all of our businesses as trucking and shipping companies struggle with new demand patterns and border requirements. We are working through these challenges to keep our customers supplied. 
As the pandemic continues, Albemarle is supporting our communities in the fight against COVID-19. We are providing mask and PPE to frontline health and relief workers and donations and grants to help fight hunger and improve access to online learning. We are collaborating with universities, local disaster relief funds, trade organizations and other grantors to extend the reach of our efforts. To date, we have distributed more than $1 million to organizations around the globe. 
Some of our products are also used in the fight against COVID-19. For example, our flame retardants are used in electrical medical equipment, such as ventilators. Our hydrobromic acid product is a catalyst in the manufacturer of PET for protective clothing in hospitals. We produce a line of water treatment products and intermediates used in cleaning products and disinfectants. And at our plant in Germany, we are producing hand sanitizer for the local community. While these products are not financially significant to our business, we are proud to do our part to protect against the spread of COVID-19.
The extent of the economic impact of the global pandemic remains unclear, but I am confident that the actions we are taking to adapt to current market conditions will position us to execute our strategy across the cycle.
Now I'd like to set the groundwork for our capital allocation priorities. Our first priorities are to fund our dividend and maintain financial flexibility, and that is unchanged in the current environment. 2020 is expected to be Albemarle's 26th consecutive year of dividend increases, and we remain committed to shareholder returns. We are also committed to maintaining our investment grade credit rating. 
Execution of our other capital allocation priorities have shifted in this environment. First, all capital projects are being examined for opportunities to preserve cash and spending. Our 2 biggest capital projects, La Negra III and IV and Kemerton are being slow walked to preserve capital in the near term. We are also reducing our sustaining capital spend with an eye to maintaining safety in critical maintenance projects. 
Second, we are taking a disciplined and thoughtful approach to investments, including M&A and joint ventures, and we'll continue to act in the best interest of our shareholders. Lastly, while our share repurchase authorization remains in place, there are no buybacks planned in this environment. 
So with that as a backdrop, I'll turn it over to Scott for more detail.

Thanks, Scott. Current economic conditions are challenging. Albemarle is an industry leader in all 3 of our core businesses. We believe in the long-term growth prospects in all of these businesses, but our immediate challenge is to manage through this crisis. We will act on cost-reduction measures quickly to preserve cash and maintain our financial flexibility. We will also be poised to respond to meet customer needs when the market returns. We remain confident in our strategy, and we will modify execution of that strategy to further position Albemarle for success.

Okay. So we know that Talison is a good project for us, and we're following that process closely, and we'll see where it goes. We know that the Chinese government will probably have influence on where that asset ends up. But we're interested in it. We're following it, but we're also mindful of the current market environment. So there'll be more to come on that, but we're following it very closely.

Yes. So there's a plan in place that we've agreed with them or that Talison has agreed with them. And we expect that they'll meet that plan, and we have actions that we've put in place to mitigate, if, for some reason, they don't meet the plan.

So we're slowing the projects. It's a couple of things, but it's about cash management, but it's also about where they are in their execution. So we're trying not to cross over a demobilization process. So -- that is something we could do if we needed to, but that would be more difficult for us and would change the time line. 
So they're being pushed out, what we both -- we think both of those projects stay reasonably close to their time line. And it will change depending on what we see in the market. So we've slowed those. We'll have the opportunity to slow down more or speed them up as we go and as we learn more about what the environment looks like economically as a result of this crisis.

Eric?

Let me start, Scott, and then you can look further out. So I mean we look at it in 2 different buckets. So we've got -- well, sustaining capital, so capital in our plants, so both from a safety standpoint, from a maintenance perspective and then growth capital and the big projects. So we've cut back on the big projects to where we can without making a bigger move on those particular projects. I'm kind of more or less talking about La Negra and Kemerton at this point. 
So there's another leg that we can go down. But from an execution standpoint, it makes that more difficult. And we don't really want to cross that. But if things get difficult, we have that lever. Operationally, we've -- for this year, we've kind of narrowed it to the point where we can. There will be other -- as we shut down, we'll be able to cut capital if we have to shut down lines, but we've kind of narrowed down to what we believe we have to do from a health and safety and from maintaining our assets perspective plus a little bit of buffer. So we're not getting -- we're not to the bone, but we're close on that for this year. And then as we look out, we would -- depending on what happens, we would go back to what our previous level of spend would be and increase a little bit in the sustaining part, some growth -- smaller growth projects with nice returns in the plants and then go back to the big projects, what's necessary to execute those.

I wouldn't -- I mean what we've done from a health standpoint, I don't think will change our long-term cost structure. So that will move back. There are things that we're learning, and that will inform some decisions as we go forward. But so far, we've done that in response to the pandemic and continue to operate in a difficult environment. 
We've done fairly well with that, but we'll go back to the way we were operating as soon as that's possible. But some of the things that we've learned, we will probably apply. That may affect that, but we're not in that spot today.