Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. Our first quarter 2019 was really a great start for Tractor Supply. We delivered strong comparable store sales, driven by continued increases in both average ticket and transaction counts.
Our Tractor Supply team executed well across store operations, merchandising, supply chain, and planning and placement. The team did a great job allocating products to capitalize on the varying weather trends across the regions of the country as we moved through the quarter.
We had better-than-anticipated comparable store sales, effectively managed our gross margin performance and balanced our SG&A expenses, successfully controlling those elements that were in our control. Our results were driven by broad-based strength across all geographic regions as well as increases in both comparable store transactions and average ticket. And all major product categories achieved positive comp sales in the quarter. Our first quarter results represent the seventh consecutive quarter of comp store sales running above a 3% comp.
Now let me touch on a few highlights for the first quarter as compared to the first quarter of last year. Comparable store sales increased 5% in the first quarter, with both transaction count and average ticket increasing. Net sales increased 8.3% to $1.82 billion for the quarter as we continued our strategy to open new stores. Diluted EPS was $0.63, an increase of 10.5%. We returned $193 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and cash dividends in the quarter. And based upon our performance year-to-date, we are confirming our full year financial guidance.
Now let's take a look at some of the operational highlights of the quarter. Our distribution center in Frankfort, New York began shipping product to stores in the Northeast. We opened 10 new Tractor Supply stores and 1 Petsense location. This quarter marks our 27th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business.
During the quarter, we continued to experience strong growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store program. Between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to stores, the majority of our e-commerce orders are being fulfilled at stores and our stores continue to play a key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business.
With our capabilities, we believe the Neighbor's Club personalization, Buy Online Pickup in Store, Stockyard in-store ordering kiosks and our competitive private label credit card and mobile point-of-sale rollout uniquely position us to serve the customer base better than anyone in this fragmented market. And we see significant opportunities to broaden our customer base and increase market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time.
As we have stated before, our ONETractor strategy is clearly aligned around 4 objectives: driving profitable growth; building customer-centric engagement; offering the most relevant products and services; and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities.
We continue to take a balanced approach to managing our business, keeping the long-term in focus. As we look to the future, I think it is important to recognize how much progress we have made. We've invested in our infrastructure to support enhanced capabilities to capitalize on the convergence of our physical stores and digital sales for a seamless shopping experience.
We have strengthened our core with key investments, including wages for our team members. And as a result, our turnover is down year-over-year, and I believe we are building a strong foundation for future growth of the company.
In 2019, our capital spending is prioritized to new stores with an increase of capital dedicated to customer insight and store service initiatives as well as our supply chain. We are investing in technology to strengthen our execution and maximize efficiencies in our stores so our teams can shift their focus from task to driving customer service.
As we have shared with you, our real estate modeling process continues to support the potential for upwards of 2,500 Tractor Supply store locations over time, and we continue to be pleased with our new store productivity and returns. While the timing for opening a number of our new stores in 2019 has shifted a bit more to the second half of the year, we remain on track to open 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 10 to 15 new Petsense store locations. I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us well to meet the unique preferences of our customers because they have demand-driven, immediate need of product and they want it in an easy and seamless shopping experience Anytime, Anywhere and Anyway they choose.
Now I'll turn the call over to Steve for more detail regarding several of the merchandising, marketing and supply chain initiatives.

Thank you, Kurt. And in closing, first quarter was a great way to start out the year. I want to thank the nearly 30,000 team members across our organization, their dedication, their hard work and for consistently placing our customers first in everything they do. I believe our results are directly correlated to our team members' efforts. Our commitment to provide legendary service and great products at everyday low prices will continue to be the foundation of our growth.
And with that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the line for questions.

Thank you.

Yes. This is Greg. Here's what I would tell you. First of all, the ONETractor strategy and the components of that have been talked about here most of the morning and they're all in different stages of what I would call maturity. Nothing is anywhere near maturity. As Kurt mentioned in a couple of his comments, the PFE program, the profit improvement is just starting to really get embedded. So there's a lot of headway -- headroom in front of us for these things.
But what we would caution you always, in our business, we -- I've been in this business now a little over 11 years, Steve has been here for 20, Kurt has been here 17-plus. You can see that it is really a half game. You've got to look at the business on the halves and you've got to look at these components of initiatives and such, probably gaining more momentum as we get toward the second half, and that's basically what we've put into our guidance. That's why we felt that way initially. But it's a half game, it's not a quarter game. We are very pleased with Q1. We believe that we've got the ammunition to carry us forward. But I wouldn't tell you that there's any one thing today that is -- I could highlight. I would say that what we're fortunate to have is a number of things in the basket that are working all in unison. And as Steve said earlier, they're all moving the business forward. The opportunity to drive greater comps than we've seen is there but it's too early. It's too early in this year to start to call that.