Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everybody. On today's call, I'll provide a recap of our 2019 strategic accomplishments and address the 2020 milestones that we'll be focused on to ensure we deliver on our vision. Scott will give you an update on the financials, our cost savings program and our full year 2020 guidance. 
Despite a challenging back half of 2019, we grew fourth quarter and full year revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share year-over-year. That reflects our ability to address a dynamic market and to deliver solid results across our businesses. In addition, we achieved an adjusted EBITDA for the corporation margin of 29%. 
2019 was another strong step toward our long-term vision. As you can see on Slide 6 of our earnings presentation, we made significant process on a number of strategic milestones. Importantly, we made significant improvements in our safety program. Lithium reduced its injury rate by 50% from 2018. Catalysts achieved its lowest recordable injury rate in 4 years and bromine surpassed 2 years with no lost time injuries. Our OSHA injury rate in 2019 puts us in the top quartile of our peers. 
2019 marked our 25th consecutive year of dividend increases. And we are now included in the select group of companies that comprise the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index. We've demonstrated our commitment to return cash to shareholders through increasing the annualized dividend from $0.10 in 1994 to $1.47 in 2019. That's a 22% CAGR, and we'll continue that commitment well into the future. 
In 2019, we also conducted a materiality assessment to identify sustainability topics that support the execution of our strategy and ensure Albemarle maintains its strong financial position in a responsible manner for decades to come. 
As you can see from Page 8 of the investor presentation, we're focusing on 4 key areas: people, natural resources, community engagement and our sustainable business model. In 2020, you'll see us establish baselines and long-term targets for improvement. We look forward to updating you on our progress. 
Consistent with our efforts to manage the portfolio and maintain a strong balance sheet, we announced last quarter our intent to divest the Fine Chemistry Services and Performance Catalyst Solutions businesses. The process for both businesses is going well. Our first priority for the use of proceeds from these transactions will be to reduce debt. 
Also last quarter, we announced a program to capture sustainable cost savings. This program is well underway, and we expect to deliver $50 million in savings this year and reach a run rate of over $1 million in annual savings by year-end 2021. The new ERP system we implemented last year will enable this program with better real-time visibility into all of our operations. Scott will provide more detail about the program in his session. 
To support our Lithium growth plans, we continued to make progress on major capital expansion projects during 2019. We successfully commissioned our Xinyu II lithium hydroxide unit in China, with the start-up and operating teams exceeding their 2019 targets and reaching full nameplate operating rates in less than 12 months. 
We also increased our lithium carbonate production in La Negra I and II by about 5%. The La Negra III and IV lithium carbonate expansion in Chile is on schedule for commissioning by the first quarter of 2021. Finally, the Kemerton lithium hydroxide unit in Western Australia is targeted for commissioning during the latter half of 2021. 
We also continued to develop our best-in-class lithium resources. The Talison joint venture completed Phase 2 of the Greenbushes expansion in the fourth quarter, bringing their annual capacity for chemical grade spodumene to approximately 160,000 metric tons on an LCE basis. Albemarle has rights to half of that production. 
In addition, Albemarle secured access to the world-class Wodgina spodumene mine through our MARBL joint venture. This joint venture has the resources and ultimately, will have the conversion assets to annually produce 100,000 metric tons on an LCE basis of battery-grade lithium hydroxide. 
Keep in mind that we are currently using less than 25% of our available lithium resources, which gives us the ability to respond quickly to support the lithium demand growth for at least the next 10 to 15 years. 
Turning to our long-term lithium contracts. Currently, about 90% of our battery-grade carbonate and hydroxide volume is under contract. To date, we have reached agreement with all but one of our contracted customers on 1-year price concessions for 2020, which results in a mid-teen percentage price reduction compared to 2019 with technical- and battery-grade carbonate seeing higher reductions and hydroxide being generally lower. Otherwise, the basic structures of our long-term agreements remain unchanged. 
We will continue to manage these agreements to evolve with the individual needs of our customer. Each customer has unique value drivers that are critical to them. We remain committed to leveraging our world-class resources and low-cost conversion processes to meet the growing demand and deliver a differentiated value proposition to each customer. 
As we outlined at our Investor Day in December, while we are slightly adapting some aspects of our execution, our strategy remains largely the same: invest in growth and focus on cash generation in lithium through smart investments and our advantaged resource position; maximize the earnings and cash of bromine and Catalysts through sustainable cost savings and investments in systems, people, processes and operational excellence; assess our portfolio for opportunities to divest noncore businesses and acquire or build lithium conversion assets at a lower capital intensity; and take a thoughtful and disciplined approach to capital allocation, while preserving financial flexibility. 
By executing that strategy, by 2024, Albemarle should generate revenue in the range of $4.7 billion to $5.3 billion, a 5-year CAGR versus 2019 results of 6% to 9%; adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion, a CAGR growth of 8% to 12%; adjusted EBITDA margin between 32% and 36%, a 300 to 700 basis points improvement; and $1 billion of annual sustainable free cash flow. 
In December, we also outlined the many inputs we used to build our lithium demand forecast. These inputs include historical and forecasted technology advancements, cost projections, OEM model announcements and a number of other factors. We continue to see the advancements of these variables, which further reduce impediments to wide-scale consumer adoption, namely range anxiety, infrastructure and cost parity. 
The global average range of new EV models launched is expected to exceed 200 miles, with some models exceeding 300. To support mobility, there are now almost 1 million public EV charging connections globally, and the number will continue to expand, especially in Europe and China. 
And cost improvements through technology and scale are also accelerating. In their most recent survey, Bloomberg New Energy Finance reported that the average cost for a lithium-ion BEV battery pack was in the range of $150 per kilowatt hour in 2019. The $100 per kilowatt hour milestone is now within reach in the 2022 to 2024 time period, well ahead of estimates just a year or 2 ago. In fact, upfront purchase parity predictions are also being pulled forward into the 2022 time frame. 
All of these trends are consistent with the projections of our model, leaving us even more confident in our demand expectations. I remain very confident in the lithium market demand we will see over the next 3 -- 4 to 5 years and in Albemarle's ability to seize that opportunity. Albemarle has the best lithium resources in the world. Converting those resources into battery-grade carbonate and hydroxide cost effectively will be absolutely critical to support that demand growth. Remember, there is no EV revolution without lithium. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott to provide greater detail on fourth quarter performance and full year outlook.

Yes. I'll take the first one, and I'll turn it over to Eric to talk a little bit about the hydroxide versus carbonate. And I'm assuming you're talking about the LRP (sic) [ LFP ] that they talked about with...

LFP -- I'm sorry, I'm thinking about a long-range plan here -- the LFP that Tesla announced with [ CATL ].
So I think that the idea on the contract is that -- there is a situation that is occurring today that we want to address, but we believe that, that dynamic will change over the next 3 to 4 years. I mean it's a long-term contract, so it doesn't make any sense for us to reset that contract for 5 or 6 years when we think we've got a short-term disconnect here between supply and demand. So we thought it was in our best interest to address the concerns that the customers had today, yet keep the overall structure of those contracts where they are. 
Now that's not to say long term we might not see modifications of our plan on the contracts. But this is why you have a long-term contract. You set those prices. We've got a short-term issue. We address it short term, and then it goes back to the way the contract was, and we have to renegotiate in 2021. We'd do the same thing again. 
So that's why, Bob, we took that approach as opposed to just set -- it doesn't do us any good to set the price when the market is low. I mean that doesn't make any sense at all. So we were trying to preserve the integrity of those agreements, while adjusting to the marketplace for the short time, for that short window that we see that there's an issue. 
And with that, I'll turn it over to Eric to talk a little bit about your question on LFP.

Yes. This is Luke. Just one other thing. If you go back and look to our Investor Day presentation we did in December, we were still talking about carbonate production doubling between now and 2025, going from about 195 to about 410 and hydroxide going from 70 to 525. So we still -- we believe carbonates is going to continue to grow. We think there's going to be a higher growth in hydroxide. But we do have the flexibility to go either way. 
There seems to be some scraping on the phones. I'm not quite sure what that is. But operator, could you check on that, please?

So the -- it's a 1-year amendment. So in 2021, it back to the original agreements. And if we have to negotiate from there, in some instances we will, but you go back to the original agreement. 
The discussions took place before and during the coronavirus.

Yes. I'm going to let Netha handle that, please?

Scott?

Eric?

But suffice it to say the way we're looking at coronavirus is it is a delay. It is causing the first half to be weaker. We were already talking about a week of our first half to begin with. It's making it weaker, but we're not projecting now for it to have an impact on full year.

Well, are you talking specifically about lithium or across our portfolio?

So to date, we have not seen any input on the raw materials for us. We've been able to secure the raw materials that we need to run in the first quarter. As we referenced on our calls, we've had lower run rates in China than we had anticipated for our lithium, but it hadn't been an issue to date of getting raw materials in our other businesses. 
We have seen some -- and if you listen to the calls, and I know you have, you've seen a number of chemical industries, companies talking about the ability to get raw materials. But we're pretty well okay for that from a raw material standpoint right now. We don't see there's issue from where we are and the kind of time frames they're talking about on the coronavirus. 
I do think one of the issues that we don't know about is as -- if you look at the automotive OEMs, some of them are not running today. But some of the batteries are running today, both inside and outside of China. So what remains to be seen is for the full year are the automotive OEMs going to run fast enough to soak up the inventory levels in that lithium that we would expect over the year? Or is there going to be a ripple effect later in the year, which would put our full year kind of some downward pressure on that?
We've got contracted volumes, so we don't expect it to be a significant risk. But that's one of the things that we're going to really keep our eyes on is what is the real impact not only on our products, but on our supply chains, and particularly in bromine and in lithium, as these and in product OEMs, either ramped up or ramped down during the course of the year. That's the biggest unknown issue that we'll face, and we're not -- we don't sell to the -- we're not a Tier 1 supplier, we're further back in the chain. So that causes a ripple effect to be even more.

So Dave, you know the answer to that question. I'm not going to get into a conversation about a specific customer. Our expectation, obviously, is we're going to meet and find a resolution that meets that customer needs and meets our expectations. And if not, our position is we've got a validly enforceable contract.

For technical-grade lithium?

Yes. So if you look at both carbonate and -- as I said on the call, the technical-grade carbonate will be down more than mid-teens average that we talked about as I said in our prepared remarks. It is down more than that.

Oh, my apologies. I'll turn it over to Eric.

Eric?

Yes. It's the -- from a matter of pricing, I think the reduced price that we've seen of carbonate in the marketplace and the inability to get some of the spodumene rock as a raw material supply has brought some prices down to a level that, it appears to us, you could have a lower capital base. And if you build your own, then you'd be in the market a whole lot sooner. 
So for us, it all comes down to is there a price at which -- when you look at our all-in cost of acquiring, modifying where necessary to meet HSE standpoints and converting for me to, call it, hydroxide or what have you, what's that return on capital, how will we lay that out versus what's the return on capital and the timing for building. It's a mathematical equation for us, and you got to negotiate it and be able to close it as well. So that's how we're looking at it. And there are opportunities out there. Because of our tolling relationships, we're familiar with many, so we are in active evaluations.

Yes. If you're looking at -- you're talking, I'm assuming, about lithium and the battery producers. What we've said is that we've seen the decisions moving from the cathode producers to the battery producers, and then in some instance, all the way to the OEM. So we've seen those big battery producers making the purchasing decisions and the volume decisions and then allocating some of that volume for in-house production and then some of it to be directed towards certain of the cathode producers. So we are seeing that. That will, in effect, consolidate the decision-makers about these purchasing decisions and who you're contracting with down to a lower number. 
I think long term, as you look across the spectrum, you're going to see a consolidation even further of battery producers. You're going to have -- the Koreans and Chinese and the Japanese are going to consolidate into the bigger producers. That's the typical of what you've seen in other industries, and I don't think this is going to be any different.

Yes. So I think on carbonate -- if you look at carbonate, we've got La Negra III and IV. That's going to come online in -- by the first quarter of 2021, and it will be commissioned. Most of that spending is already done, so it's kind of hard to do anything there. On La Negra -- I'm sorry, on -- further at La Negra, we have the ability, we have the plans where, if necessary, we could expand that. But it would be kind of a 2- to 3-year process at La Negra for our carbonate plant. 
If you're looking at a hydroxide, from a Kemerton standpoint, we believe we're on track for the second half of 2021 for a start-up. It will be difficult to rattle that back much because of the cost we've got in there. And anything else we build is going to be a lower capital intensity, so that's why we're looking at a build versus buy in an area like China. You could probably get it done in China in -- from start to finish in about 2 years. 
We have teams in our engineering, working right now on taking the plans and the designs that we have and building a lower capital intensity and a lower operating cost, looking at what our opportunities are there, so that the next asset that we build from a hydroxide conversion standpoint, we will build more efficiently, more cost effectively and operate it with lower cost than the ones we have today. 
We've got to continually drive that down. 
In addition to that, I know that you can take, as you know, take carbonate and convert it to lithium hydroxide. We also have teams looking at what is the most cost-effective way. If the market goes that way, what is the most cost-effective way? Would we build that in -- close to our carbonate facilities? Would we convert that -- convert the carbonate somewhere else? What is the best way to do that? And the idea of modularizing that is a concept that we're looking at. But we need to be prepared to pull the trigger on that if and when the market calls for that. 
Again, that would take you -- probably, if you're building it in China, it's probably 50% of the capital and probably a year off the timing to get it built, to get it permitted and get it up and running.