Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our start to 2018, which highlights the growth of our Lithium business, the strong cash generation of our portfolio, the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to successfully execute our capital expansions in lithium.
First quarter net sales grew by 14%, and adjusted EBITDA grew by 18% over the prior year. Lithium delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth of 31%, and both Bromine and Catalysts delivered solid results with strong cash flow. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 24% compared to the prior year.
Consistent with our efforts to manage the portfolio and maintain a strong balance sheet, we closed on the sale of our polyolefin catalysts and components business to W.R. Grace for a sum of $416 million on April 3.
Our lithium capital projects remain on track at a planned spending of between $550 million and $675 million for 2018.
Page 6 of the earnings presentation deck outlines the progression and timing of expansion plans for carbonate and hydroxide conversion capacity.
Let me provide a brief update on that project. We were in the construction phase for the Xinyu II lithium hydroxide expansion in China and plan to commission the plant in early 2019. During the second half of 2018, we expect to make electrical tie-ins in La Negra related to the expansion. La Negra II is on track to reach nameplate run rates in 2019, and we have moved from engineering to construction for the La Negra III/IV lithium carbonate expansion. We still expect to commission La Negra III in 2020.
In the Salar de Atacama, by the end of the fourth quarter 2018, we expect to reach the full pumping rate of 442 liters per second, which is the rate needed to supply the additional capacity in 2020. Engineering activities have commenced in Kemerton, Australia for a new lithium hydroxide plant with the expectations to commission the first 40,000 metric tons in 2021.
During the past quarter, we received approval from CORFO to increase our lithium production quota in Chile to as much as 145,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. In parallel, we progressed engineering for our brine yield enhancement project in the Atacama and began feasibility work for additional lithium carbonate conversion capacity in Chile.
Now let's look at lithium demand. During the past quarter, we outlined the assumptions behind our view of electric vehicle and lithium growth that we expect to result in a global market of over 80 -- 800,000 metric tons on an LCE basis by 2025. Those assumptions are on Page 7 of our earnings presentation deck. We continue to see validation of these demand assumptions. During the past few months, for example, both Volkswagen and Volvo made commitments to significant electrification of their vehicle fleet by 2025. These recent announcements are good indicators of not only the size of the investments along the value chain but also of the timing. Commitments throughout the supply chain are now being made for 2025 supply.
I'd like to use Volkswagen's announcement as an illustration of what's happening in the supply chain. To reach their targeted sales of 2 million to 3 million electric vehicles by 2025, Volkswagen announced that they expect to invest about $25 billion. Volkswagen will convert 9 production lines to electrical vehicles by 2020 and another 7 lines by 2022 for a total of 16 electric vehicle production lines. Volkswagen plans to contract for approximately 150 gigawatt hours of battery capacity per year to supply those lines. They have already awarded about $25 billion in battery contracts and expect to award additional supply contracts soon.
Battery cell producers are expected to invest between $9 billion and $12 billion to meet this 150 gigawatt-per-year supply commitment for Volkswagen. To put this in perspective, Tesla's Nevada factory is targeted for 35 gigawatts of capacity at full rates. Using our assumptions for lithium intensity showed on Page 7 of the earnings presentation deck, 150 gigawatt hours equates to roughly 140,000 metric tons of new lithium capacity. That's equivalent to about 2/3 of the 2017 global demand of about 220,000 metric tons. And this is for an OEM which had about 11% of the global auto market share in 2017.
Now Volkswagen may or may not hit their 2025 electric vehicle target, but the point of this illustration is that companies and supply chain need to lock up commitments for each critical raw material to meet this type of targeted growth. This dynamic should benefit lithium producers for years to come.
Albemarle has a track record of being able to build and operate large-scale production facilities that provide a reliable supply of high-purity derivative products. That track record, combined with our technical expertise and our ability to fund growth, makes us an ideal partner for the OEM supply chain. Others have tried to enter this supply chain in the past. To date, only the majors have consistently demonstrated an ability to supply the volume and the quality of electric vehicle-grade lithium required by the global OEM supply chain.
Before I turn the call over to Scott, I'd like to emphasize that our lithium expansion plans are not about market share gain. In fact, we expect that full implementation of our capacity expansions will result in Albemarle only maintaining its market share. Our strategy is to build out capacity to meet long-term commitments to our customers with full price economics that provide a strong return to our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Hey, thanks, Scott. As we look to the rest of 2018, lithium remains on an aggressive path to deliver at least 20% adjusted EBITDA growth during 2018. We expect second quarter EBITDA -- I'm sorry, we expect lithium second quarter EBITDA to be sequentially stronger than Q1. Further, we anticipate a second half of 2018 that is fairly equal to the first half of lithium, with Q3 possibly weaker than Q4 due to downtime needed for the La Negra tie-ins.
In Catalysts, we continue to expect good EBITDA growth in our Refining Solutions business. However, curatives is expected to face pressure as a result of raw material challenges, which could unfavorably impact EBITDA by as much as $10 million for the full year. As a result, we expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth for the Catalysts segment to moderate to the mid-single digits. The favorable market trends in flame retardants are anticipated to continue in Bromine Specialties. And with the exception of the first half capacity constraints for elemental bromine and some derivatives, our plant continued to run very well.
Pricing and operational efficiencies are currently expected to offset higher cost for raw materials, freight and distribution. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the low to mid-single digits on a percentage basis. The upside in Bromine Specialties is expected to offset the headwinds in the curative portion of Catalysts.
From a longer-term perspective, we believe that the Albemarle stock is currently undervalued. Hence, subject to market conditions, we intend to buy back $250 million of stock via an accelerated share repurchase program that was recently approved by our board. After completion of that program, approximately 10 million shares would remain under our current authorization, leaving ample headroom should we deem additional action to be warranted. The strength of our balance sheet, combined with the operating cash flow from our businesses, give us the confidence that we can take this action, execute our capital projects, maintain our long-term debt-to-EBITDA ratios and still have plenty of firepower leftover. In fact, absent any further corporate actions, such as M&A or additional stock buybacks, we expect to end 2018 at a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 1x.
Given all of this, for the full year 2018, we now expect adjusted EPS to be between $5.10 and $5.40. I am confident that Albemarle is well positioned to maximize shareholder value in the short, medium and long term. We have a clear and straightforward strategy: Grow our lithium franchise, leverage our strong cash flow from Bromine and Catalysts and deliver very strong margins and returns on our capital growth investments. We believe we have the people, the balance sheet flexibility and the focus on execution to drive strong and profitable growth over the foreseeable future.

Sure. This is Luke. As we've talked about how each piece of this puzzle fits together, we need the free cash flow from the Bromine and Catalysts business to be able to [ fund ] the capital that we see in the growth of lithium. Lithium today [ doesn't ] free cash flow in and of itself with the investments that we have. So we look at it and all those pieces fit together. Now there will be a point in time in the future where we'll continually assess that portfolio to determine if that is the best path to drive shareholder value. We've not hesitated to make portfolio adjustments when we thought we could drive higher shareholder value by doing so, and we would continue that assessment on an ongoing basis.

I'm going to let John take it first, and then I'll talk about consolidation.

Yes. If you look at consolidation, I think that there's a lot of noise out there in the marketplace about consolidations up and down the value chain. And I think that just gives a signal to how tight it is and how people are scrambling to get the supply that they need in order to make their commitments throughout the chain. So we're consistently looking. We believe we sit on the best resources in the world, the Salar de Atacama and our site in Western Australia. We have untapped resources in Kings Mountain, North Carolina as well as an option for resources in Argentina. We feel great about where we are from the geographic diversity as well as the brine and rock balance where we can go carbonate or hydroxide as the market dictates. So I think you're going to see continual discussion out there in the marketplace about suppliers lining up with customers and their raw material suppliers. But we love the spot we're in with our resources and with our customer contacts, so we feel like we're partnered in the right area. And if those decisions should change and there would be an opportunity, as I've said before, our balance sheet gives us plenty of firepower to take actions that could strengthen even further our portfolio in the Lithium business.

Silvio?

Yes. From a lithium margin standpoint, we still believe the full year will be above 40% from a margin standpoint. We've not laid out what the costs are in the third quarter, but we have an opportunity to come in and make tie-ins for that site, overall, that we're going to need to do at some point in time. As I said in my prepared remarks, we -- we're going to be able to pump at full rates in the fourth quarter. We think it makes sense for us to go ahead and make these tie-ins now, so that whenever that brine we start pumping at full rates, those ponds get filled up. We won't have to do it later in the year when we'll have -- later during 2019 or 2020 when we'll have the full brine. So we believe it's prudent to do that. It's just a movement between quarters. It's not going to impact the year in any way, but it could make third quarter weaker than the fourth. So that's why we brought it up and let you guys know about it, Vincent.

Yes. Philosophically, we kept the same approach that we have on contracts. The bigger difference is it's a whole lot more volume.

Silvio?

So Silvio gave you a detailed answer. At a high level, anytime there's a regulation that tightens up the specifications from a diesel standpoint, it benefits of the hydro-treating part of our business. So we would expect that to be positive news for our HPC business in clean fuels.

Yes. So if you look at that business to start, both of those businesses, we've been able to run those businesses between 4% and 6% of revenue as a CapEx. Sometimes, it pops up below; sometimes it pops down below. We always have small projects to debottleneck or something that will allow us get a little extra yield that are cost-improvement projects, will really do paybacks, and we're certainly continuing to do that. And we'll continue to invest in those business to allow them to maintain their competitive edge. There'll be debottlenecks that are necessary. There'll be new wells drilled in Magnolia that are necessary. There'll be additional FCC capacity that we would -- may need to bring online for some debottlenecks to be able to serve our customers. So we're going to continue to do that to keep those businesses strong because they're great businesses with good EBITDA margins. But we're blessed in the fact that they have high margins, low capital requirements, and we're able to harvest that cash and put it in our organic growth for lithium.

No, it's not changed. We're just saying that we're higher in the first quarter. But as you go through the year, we'll be lower on a year-over-year comparison, so we'll end the year about where we thought we would.

Yes. It's about the same number of customers from a material stand -- there hasn't been that many new entrants into that cathode production. We're dealing with the big players, and it hasn't changed over the last 12 months.

Yes. It's all over the map. As a general rule, we haven't seen a customer who's not saying we don't want what we've committed. We've -- all our customers are saying we want more.

I think we lost him, Jasmine. I don't know whether or not. You may want to go on to the next question, if he disconnected. Put him back in the queue.

Yes. It's around 800,000 metric tons. I mean, I can't -- within the range of what it is, don't read anything into that at all, okay? Our range is around 800,000 metric tons, and all I can tell you, if we do it in another year, when we come out with these numbers, it'll be different because it's so early in the S curve and it's so early in the adoption that we're giving the information that we have on Page 7 of our presentation so that every shareholder and every analyst understands what's in our number, so that you can make your own judgment as to where we are. We believe we're taking the best approach we can, but don't split words or at or over or about or any of that. It's just that's the range that we think it's going to be, and there's nothing to be read into that.

Well, if you look out to 2021, we've said -- and you look at the presentation on Page 6 of our present -- of our earnings deck, you'll see we're at about 85,000 met tons of carbonate and about 80,000 met tons of hydroxide by 2021. So that gives us -- we're very well balanced on hydroxide and carbonate. The contracts specify the -- how much carbonate they want and how much hydroxide they want. So once they do that, you have to be able to do that for planning purposes because if you're going to build a carbonate plant versus build a hydroxide plant, you need to know in advance. So we're trying to build in some flexibility there, but their -- the customers, they're planning for models that are going to be 3 and 5 years out. So they have a good visibility for that period of time, whether they're going to use carbonate or hydroxide, and they don't have a problem in telling us for that level or that amount of time, what they expect their demands are going to be for this specific product.

As I said, it's generally the same customers that are extending their contracts. There may be 1 or 2 new ones around the edge, but as a general rule, it's the same customers.

Yes. We're meeting the metrics that we anticipated meeting. It's going well. And we still believe that that's a viable project, and we'll continue pursuing it.