Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, everyone who's joining us on the call today. Before we discuss our fourth quarter results, I'd like to take a moment and update you on the CEO leadership change at Tractor Supply that we announced in December. Hal Lawton officially joined the company in mid-January as President and CEO. The Board engaged in a thorough and comprehensive search to identify the right leader for this next chapter in the company's growth. I am very excited that the Board chose Hal as the next CEO for our company. Hal brings tremendous experience across multiple retailers, including Home Depot, eBay and Macy's. And more importantly, Hal is a great cultural fit, and I believe he is the right leader for the future growth of Tractor Supply.
As we have previously communicated, I will continue to be available as an adviser to Hal and the company through August and will serve out my Board term through May. My expectation is that this will be a very smooth transition.
As this will be my last earnings call, I want to reiterate that it has been an honor and a privilege to serve as the CEO of Tractor Supply. The Tractor Supply Company is a special company with a unique culture like no other in retail. I believe the company is in great hands with Hal as CEO. The company has a strong leadership team in place that is passionate about helping our customers live life out here.
While the Tractor Supply team has a tremendous -- has made tremendous progress in recent years, I believe there is considerable opportunity ahead. And now I'll turn the call over to Hal for a few comments before we address our quarterly results and outlook.

Thank you, Hal. And now let's move on to the results. Overall, 2019 was a solid year for Tractor Supply with record sales and earnings. While the fourth quarter of 2019 did not meet our expectations on the top line, the team did a great job of controlling those things we could manage. And as a result, we delivered operating profit margin expansion for both the quarter and the year.
The most significant factor weighing on our sales results in the fourth quarter was unfavorable seasonal weather trends. Across many of our markets, we were negatively impacted in the quarter with unseasonably warm temperatures which hampered our ability to drive top line sales in numerous seasonal categories. As I have shared with you consistently over time, the Tractor Supply customer is a needs-based, demand-driven shopper, and there is relatively little that will influence the customer's purchasing decision if that need doesn't exist.
Given the stronger traffic trends -- the softer traffic trends, we were unable to capitalize on impulse or ancillary purchases. And as you have heard from other retailers, I believe the 6 fewer days between Thanksgiving and Christmas over the prior year impacted our customers' gift-giving purchase activity to a greater degree than we had anticipated. Over my 12 years with Tractor Supply, I have experienced these seasonal impacts before, the fourth quarter of 2015 and again in the first quarter of 2017. And as always was the case, when temperatures arrived with seasonal change, the sales demand also returned.
Despite the softness in our comp store sales, the underlying health of our business remains solid, as evidenced by the continued strength of our core year-round farm and ranch categories, which generated overall solid comp sales increases in line with our expectations and historical norms. The teams executed well across store operations, merchandising, supply chain, planning and placement. The teams managed inventories effectively and minimized our clearance exposure. We leveraged our retail price optimization capabilities to preserve margins, and we had disciplined cost control throughout the quarter. I am very proud of how this team reacted to and effectively managed our fourth quarter business.
Now let me touch on a few financial highlights for the quarter and the full year. For the year, net sales increased 5.6% and comparable store sales increased 2.7% to reach a record $8.35 billion in sales. In the fourth quarter, comparable store sales continued positive as we lapped a strong 5.7% increase in the prior year quarter. For the fourth quarter, diluted EPS increased 9% to $1.21. And for the full year, diluted EPS was $4.66 and adjusted diluted EPS was $4.68. We've returned $696 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends for the year. And this was the ninth consecutive year that we increased our quarterly cash dividend for our shareholders.
In terms of operational highlights for 2019. We opened 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 8 Petsense locations, increasing our store count to over 2,000 stores. We made solid progress on many of our ONETractor strategic initiatives. We completed the rollout of Stockyard in-store kiosk and mobile POS technologies to all stores across the chain. We continued to experience a robust Neighbor's Club loyalty program, with membership approaching nearly 15 million members as we exited the year and a retention rate of approximately 80%. In addition, we also made great progress to improve our targeting of high-value customers and look-alike customers throughout various digital channels.
We continued to invest in our [ dot-com ] business and sales once again grew strong double digits for the quarter and year. Our private label credit card program was significantly enhanced with a new 5% back reward to our Neighbor's Club members. And we completed the ramp-up of our new distribution center in Frankfort, New York to support our continued store growth in the Northeast. We also achieved LEED Silver Certification for this facility, making this the third LEED Silver Certification facility in our fleet. And Tractor Supply was named to Barron's 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies for the second year in a row.
So to summarize, 2019 was a solid year for Tractor Supply. And the team has a good handle on the business and has built a robust plan for 2020. In over 80 years' time, Tractor Supply has grown from a mail-order catalog business to the largest farm and ranch retailer in the country. And our passion and commitment to our customers, team members, communities as well as our shareholders is the foundation of our growth. All that has been accomplished over my 12-year tenure at Tractor Supply has been a total team effort. I want to express my appreciation and gratitude to the nearly 34,000 team members across Tractor Supply and Petsense for a job well done. And I'm excited to watch the progress and growth for Tractor Supply that Hal and the team will provide in the coming years.
I will now turn the call over to Kurt, who will provide more details on our financial results for 2019 and our outlook for 2020.

I'll take that one. This is Greg. We've seen really no significant overhang from the chain in the oil markets. And it's only about 10% of our mix anyway. And so I would tell you that, no, nothing significant. And yes, we always look for indicators, trading down of different things like within feed and such. That's a pretty good indicator of what may be happening with the consumers' overall confidence. We're not seeing any of that. So for right now, I'd say steady as she goes.

Chris, this is Greg. I'll start it out by saying that, you're right, we've made some investments. It's a terrific foundation. But those investments are beginning to scale. I mean these things take time. And what we're happy with what we're seeing, whether it be a Neighbor's Club or be it in the use of Stockyard, the mobile POS initiative, many of the things that we've put money into. I would tell you that this is a wonderful jumping off point for me and a wonderful entry point for Hal. So from there, I think, Hal, I'll let you take it.

Yes.