Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. When I first saw the video that we just shared with you, I thought it really captured the essence of Tractor Supply as a purpose-driven company. It is who we are. It is what we do. In retail today, having meaning and purpose with customers makes all the difference. It is a pleasure to speak with everyone today not only about our third quarter results but also about our Life Out Here strategy.  
We see opportunities to capture tremendous growth ahead of us. As we're in the midst of a global health crisis and all that comes along with that, we didn't feel that it was appropriate to do a full investor community day. Rather, it's our goal today to share our Life Out Here strategic framework and provide greater insights on our initiatives as we plan for 2021 and beyond. Over time, as the world normalizes, our goal would be to host another event in the future as appropriate.  
Tractor Supply is well positioned to leverage our stores and capitalize on our omnichannel capabilities. We have a large total addressable market with an attractive position and are gaining market share. We're focused on operational excellence, execution discipline and making investments from a position of strength for long-term value creation.  
We're on a multiyear journey to evolve the future of our company. We are thriving as our second and third quarter results indicate. And with the actions we're taking, we're committed to emerging from the pandemic stronger than before. My sincere thanks and appreciation go out to our more than 40,000 team members of Tractor Supply that delivered these strong results. This is a team that's been operating during a global pandemic, supporting recovery from multiple natural disasters and executing at elevated sales levels while, at the same time, laying the foundation for our future growth.  
Coming into the quarter, we recognized it would continue to be a challenging time, and our team certainly stepped up to the challenge. Through it all, the organization has lived up to our mission and values. And I also want to thank our vendor and supply chain partners who've done a tremendous job supporting us in this challenging operating environment. I'm incredibly proud to be a part of this team. The results that we reported for the third quarter would not be possible without the team's inspiring efforts over the last several months.  
The Tractor Supply team has been fully committed to adapting to the uncertainty brought on by the pandemic. Our utmost priority has been the health and safety of our team members and customers. And we're committed to being a safe place to work and a safe place to shop. And we continue to implement industry-leading best practices across all parameters of safety.  
Our team member engagement scores continue to rank among the best-in-class. We have taken steps to reinforce our appreciation of the hard work of our teams that enhance and build on our culture. We're also committed to supporting and strengthening the local communities that we call home. Before we get into our Life Out Here strategy that I'm very excited to share with you, let's cover off on some of our third quarter performance.  
The third quarter was another exceptional quarter for Tractor Supply. Our results were very much a continuation of the trends we experienced in the second quarter. For Q3, we had robust and consistent growth across all periods, all product categories and all geographic regions. Our brand awareness campaign, along with our new customer growth, continues to be a significant driver of our performance. 
Our e-commerce business continued to drive triple-digit comps with nearly 80% of our omni sales picked up in our stores. And e-commerce continues to increase significantly as a percentage of our overall sales, doubling its penetration year-over-year. The work we have done to improve our e-commerce capabilities has certainly resonated with our customers. For example, our recently launched customer app has had almost 500,000 downloads since our launch in July. 
For the third quarter, our business continued to perform at record levels. As an essential needs-based retailer, we are supporting our customers the products they need to take care of their families, their animals, their land and pets.  
Net sales for us in the third quarter were up 31% over last year with comparable store sales up 26.8%. Much like second quarter, we had good balance across both our transactions and our ticket growth. The top-performing categories were in our core competencies of pet food, feed and forage, agricultural fencing, poultry and bird feeding, along with seasonal categories like zero-turn tractors, outdoor power equipment and lawn and garden as we had an excellent extended selling season for these categories. And we had robust performance in our big ticket sales, driven by strength in zero-turns, safes, generators, trailers and front-engine riders. 
Our CUE products, consumable, usable and edible categories, which represent the strength of our core reoccurring business, had comp sales growth in the high 20% range, an acceleration from our mid-teens performance in the second quarter. We're gaining share in these businesses and across the board, including pet food.  
We continue to engage with new and reengaged customers at amongst the fastest rate in the company's history. On a combined basis, more than 10 million identified new and reengaged customers have shopped with Tractor Supply since the start of the pandemic. These new customers skew younger, higher-income and slightly more female, and they represent significant incremental growth opportunities for us to unlock. More customers shopping with us than ever, and they have larger baskets. The feedback from our customers on their shopping patterns at Tractor Supply include positive comments such as convenient locations, selection of products, and more -- most importantly, previous positive shopping experiences at our stores. Our opportunity is to capitalize on these trends as we look to nurture these customers and gain market share. We're working hard to retain these customers with marketing, products and service offerings, and we'll continue to make investments to do so.  
Before we turn to our strategic framework for Life Out Here, Kurt will now take you through some greater detail on our performance and share our outlook for the fourth quarter.

Thanks, Kurt. We've been operating in this challenging environment for more than 7 months now, and our team continues to show great resilience, determination and commitment. Once again, I'd like to express my deepest gratitude and appreciation for the remarkable performance across the entire Tractor Supply team. Thank you.

For the next hour or so, you'll hear from myself, John Ordus, Seth Estep, Rob Mills and Kurt Barton on our Life Out Here strategy. As mentioned, these presentations will be followed by Q&A. All right. So let's jump into it.  
Tractor Supply has a strong heritage of being the dependable and convenient supplier for the Out Here  lifestyle. We are a purpose-driven company. We're deeply rooted in our mission and values. We have a resilient business model and a track record of performance. And importantly, we see an exciting future with compelling opportunities for growth and value creation. We're an integral part of our customers' lives. We equip a way of life, a way of life that we respect, love and often live ourselves. We serve the lifestyle needs of recreational farmers and ranchers as well as those who simply enjoy the rural lifestyle.  
We have a diversified retail footprint of over 1,900 stores across 49 states. Our footprint is a competitive advantage for us, and it allows us to address the needs of our customers better than anyone else in this fragmented market. Our size also allows us to have strong relationships with our vendor partners and to efficiently invest in technology and supply chain infrastructure.  
One of our special sauces is our ability to leverage this footprint and be -- while being nationally strong, also being able to tailor to the needs of our local community. Our culture is a competitive advantage. Our mission is work hard, have fun and make money. This mission is supported by 10 values. Combined, they serve as the underpinning of our culture and guiding principles for how we conduct our business.  
Our focus on Life Out Here, in combination with our culture and our store footprint, has been our foundation for our business model. This business model has proven to be very resilient as we're needs-based and demand-driven. This has allowed us to expand from 200 stores to over 1,900 stores in the last 20 years, with trailing 12 months' revenue nearing $10 billion. We have consistently delivered strong results over the last decade. We have a track record of positive traffic and same-store sales growth. We've generated strong free cash flow while maintaining a discipline on the use of financial leverage. We are strongly committed to environmental sustainability efforts. This is important to our team members, our customers, the communities we call home and our investors.  
As an example, we've saved 138 million kilowatt hours since 2013, and we've recycled 3.3 million wood pallets last year. In 2018, we announced our goal to reduce carbon emissions from our facilities by 25% by 2025, and we've made great progress towards achieving that goal. We are also a strong proponent of diversity, equality and inclusion in our workforce with over 49% of our team members being female. We also published our first ever ESG tearsheet this year, along with completing our inaugural submission to CDP in August. And hopefully, you all saw our announcement last week that Tractor Supply was designated as a Great Place to Work.  
We compete in an attractive market that is benefiting from numerous tailwinds. Consumers have always invested in their homes, and they are doing so now like never before. Pet ownership is at an all-time high, and pets have evolved into a true family member. Also, we've seen the migration of our -- of the United States population out of dense urban areas, out into the rural and suburbs of America, and home-standing activities and self-reliance are very much in vogue. And additionally, because of our lifestyle and our 15,500-square foot format, we are also benefiting from trends like trip consolidation. As we look ahead, we see significant opportunities for growth, and we're committed to investing to gain share and create value in a large, relatively fragmented market.  
We estimate that our total addressable market to be nearly $110 billion, and we believe that our share to be approximately 10%. And this provides a significant upside potential to expand our share of this large market. To capture this growth, we'll continue to invest in new stores with a target of 75 to 80 stores per year. We feel very good about our long-term market potential for 2,500 Tractor Supply stores. Our new store economics continue to be strong with robust returns.  
The other way we'll grow is investment in our Life Out Here strategy. We are all about the Out Here lifestyle, and our strategy is being focused on being an integral part of our customers' lives. And there are 5 pillars to this strategy. The first is deliver legendary customer service. The second is to advance our ONETractor capabilities. The third is to operate The Tractor Way. The fourth is to go the country mile for our team, and the fifth is to generate healthy shareholder return. So let's review them in a little more detail.  
First, delivering legendary service is a core component of our mission. This strategic component includes activities such as our brand campaign, CRM activities and the evolution of our Neighbor's Club. The objective of this pillar is to expand and deepen our customer base.  
Second, advance our ONETractor capabilities. We launched our ONETractor strategy in 2017 and have made significant progress since. And you'll hear later from Rob Mills on our actions in this area, which includes our mobile app, omni fulfillment options and website enhancements. The objective of this pillar is to ensure that our digital capabilities stay ahead of our customer expectations.  
Excellence in operations has always been a hallmark of Tractor Supply and we call this The Tractor Way, our third pillar. The 3 main areas of focus for this pillar are space productivity, store labor productivity and supply chain capabilities. And you'll hear more from Seth on Project Fusion and our store remodels and on our Side Lot Transformation. And from John, he's going to share with you some insights on our FAST initiative and how we're using it to drive labor productivity.  
Our fourth strategy is that we go the country mile for our team. Our team members are a source of competitive advantage for us. We have a highly passionate and engaged team. In many instances, we hire our customers who bring their lifestyle expertise to work every day. And we continue to invest in our team members, their well-being and their workplace experience. We're committed to a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace. We have industry-leading store and DC manager retention. We provide significant opportunities for growth for our team members.  
And finally, our last pillar. It's our goal to generate healthy shareholder return. Given our strong financial performance and resources, we'll continue to make investments that you'll hear about today to grow our business. We believe we can set an even stronger foundation that will enable us to emerge from the pandemic stronger with the goal of generating healthy shareholder return. We believe our key strategic initiatives will be meaningfully accretive to our financial profile. And you'll hear more detail from Kurt later on how the Life Out Here strategy purposely aligns our business and our financial strategy.  
The leadership that drives the execution of these 5 pillars is an experienced management team with a strong track record in retail. Kurt, Seth, John and Ben, they bring 65 years of experience with Tractor Supply. And we've got Rob, Christi and Colin, they each have 5 years of Tractor Supply but bringing experience from Ulta and Home Depot and Target. And Melissa Kersey recently joined us as our CHRO after experiences at Walmart and McDonald's. I've never been more excited to be part of such a dynamic team who will lead our strategy in the years to come.  
To wrap up, Tractor Supply has a resilient business model with a differentiated and loyal and growing customer base. We are moving at a fast pace. With our Life Out Here strategy, we're creating Tractor Supply 2.0 to ensure we continue as a strong, relevant company for the future. Now is the time for us to invest as we look to drive sustainable growth and long-term value for our shareholders.

We are all about the Out Here lifestyle. Our Life Out Here strategy is focused on being an integral part of our customers' lives. And as we close out our prepared remarks, I hope you take away that we're a market leader with strong omnichannel capabilities, that our culture is a competitive advantage, that we have a resilient business model with compelling growth opportunities and we have the resources and are committed to allocating them to effectively execute our Life Out Here strategy. 
Thank you for joining us today, and I look forward to answering your questions in just a bit.

Yes, great. I'll take that. Zach, it's great to see you this morning, and thanks for joining us for our enhanced earnings day. 
The way I think what Kurt in his presentation tried to kind of outline is we anticipate that COVID will -- we'll be dealing with COVID. It will be part of the U.S. economy and consumer mentality for the better part of next year. And then as we start to comp on top of that, that will create some period of uncertainty, really depending with a lot of parameters impacting that. It could be the pace of the adoption of a vaccine, the effectiveness of a vaccine and then how user behavior changes afterwards. 
What I would say is, from our view, the longer that kind of COVID -- the COVID pandemic is here, we think the longer, the more structural a lot of the trends are that we're seeing. If you think about as an example, year-to-date, we've sold 11 million birds. Pet adoption and ownership at an all-time high. Those are annuity streams that are going to continue on. Work from home and kind of this investment in your home, because you're there more frequently, that's going to continue even post COVID. 
So as we think about kind of the 12 months post COVID, there's some period of kind of settling out but we're becoming more confident in that. And then once we get to the end of that, then we think we get back to a more normal routine run rate. And if our previous long-term guidance had been about 3%, what we're starting to do is add on top of that 3% the initiatives that we're announcing today. That would be the initiatives of maintaining our new customer base that we've seen and starting to -- continuing to have business from that group that's sustaining our levels that we're already operating at but also growing on top of it. 
But it also comes down to our existing store base, the productivity we're going to get from the existing store base both inside the store as well as outside of the store, and then the continued growth from our digital business. As you know, we've got, I think, over 30 quarters of double-digit growth. And the last 2 quarters have been over 100% comps. And so we see that continuing to play out. So we feel very good about the increase of our comp guidance from previously 3% to 4% to 5% based on kind of that waterfall of initiatives.

Yes. Good morning, Peter, and thanks for joining us on our enhanced earnings day here, and I appreciate the comments. 
Over the last 6 to 9 months, as we've been both dealing with COVID, responding to numerous natural disasters and also dealing with the -- kind of operating at these elevated volume levels, we've also been preparing and kind of laying the foundation for the future of the company. And part of that really started with, what is our total addressable market? And that allows us to understand where share gains can be had and where our opportunities are. 
And so we spent a good bit of time really digging in each of our categories, understanding where we participate in each of those categories, what the size of those markets are and then really also thinking about those -- the markets that we address. So really, it's really a rural-suburban kind of cut of the categories that we participate in. 
And after doing that work, we really -- we came to $110 billion market, a large market. One with a significant amount of opportunity, one where we have nice share at kind of 10-ish percent but one that presents a lot of opportunity for growth in front of us. And as we've talked about, we think there's a lot of opportunity to do more with our existing assets. We think there's opportunities to continue to build stores to our $2,500 target. And there's also opportunity to continue to grow our digital footprint that's dominantly with and through our stores. 
As it relates to the categories, I'm going to toss it to Seth, and he could talk a little bit about some of the categories that we're making big investments in and where we think there's some growth.

Yes, Steven, and thanks for joining us on the enhanced earnings day today. And as it relates to the side lot, again, we're very bullish on the opportunity, significant opportunity to expand our sales per square foot and better utilize the side lot, the concrete pad outside of our stores. And I thought Seth really laid out that opportunity in his prepared remarks earlier very well. 
As it relates to the cadence, as Seth said, we're looking somewhere in that kind of 50% to 65% range of stores for this year to accomplish. We're learning a lot as we go. We've got a real -- we've got great muscles built around building new stores, and we're starting to adapt and tailor those muscles to being able to remodel stores. And doing that in the context of COVID, where you've got a lot of permitting that you've got to do and you've got town halls that -- have more virtual meetings now and those sorts of things. But we're working through that, building those muscles, building that flywheel, and we feel very good about the progress we're making this year. 
Next year as we move forward, we do anticipate getting at least half of those stores up and running in advance of the spring season. And then the remainder will happen through Q2 and Q3. 
And then as it relates to the 5-year outlook, once we get through midway into next year, we'll have a better sense of what our capacity and capabilities are for rollout in 2022 and beyond. We certainly have aspirations of addressing the -- Seth has said in his prepared remarks, I believe, he said 60% to 75% of our stores were applicable for side lot. And we have aspirations of addressing all those over a 5-year time frame. But what we do in years 2, 3 and 4 and 5 will vary a little bit based on just kind of our learnings as we roll it out next year in terms of our capacity and capability.

Yes, absolutely. So first on pet, I want to be really clear. We are gaining share in pet food and gaining share in the pet category. And that -- while that industry is -- certainly, there's a rising tide there, we are gaining share in the context of that rising tide. As you mentioned, you've got both pet ownership at all-time highs combined with the humanization of the pet really reinforced because people are in their homes more around their pets. And so consequently, that's driving significant volume in the category. 
It is a very strategically important category for us. It's a core part of what we call our CUE business. It drives footsteps, it drives transactions. And it helps -- it's a cart-starter to build the basket for our customers in the store. 
And as we talked about our CUE business, I believe Kurt mentioned it, it was in the mid double-digit comps in Q2, up from high-kind-of-teens in Q2. So we did see a step-up in our CUE business, and a part of that improvement was driven by our pet business. We saw a significant improvement in the trend in that business from Q2 to Q3. It is being driven by both our new customers, our reacquired customers and our existing customers. We're seeing increased transactions and larger baskets from our existing customers, but we're also seeing a strong number of new customers in the pet category shopping with us. 
And their repeats are at much higher rates than we've seen in the past. So it's not a one-and-done or even a two-and-done and are qualitatively, as those customers indicate the vast majority in that they plan on incorporating Tractor Supply in their future shopping patterns. 
Also online, our pet business is one of the big drivers of our online triple-digit comps. And that's both happening direct ship to people's homes but also the pickup in store. So we feel like we've got a strong pet business. It's important to us strategically. The -- and that we are gaining share both in our stores and online across all the customer base.

Yes, Simeon. So hit a few things. First off on how much of this was stimulated by COVID. I'd say we were working our strategy at the same time as we've been operating through the last 9 months. So the 2 were really much more in parallel than interrelated. What I would say is we do recognize that we're investing from a position of strength. We're committed to emerging from the pandemic a much stronger company, and we are confident that we will do so. 
As it relates to kind of the initiatives and the EPS, what I would say, 2 things: one, remind you we're at a much higher base now that we're operating at than we were 9 months ago. And certainly, 2 or 3 years ago, we did our long-term guidance previously. 
And then the second thing I'd say is every single one of our initiatives and kind of the strategies that they kind of roll up into, we've done business cases for every single one of those. We know what the NPV and the NRRs are. We've modeled the TSR implications of those investments. And they are all kind of in the numbers that we've delivered to you today. And every single one of those investments, we're confident that it -- they generate healthy shareholder returns and generate value in the business.

Yes. Go ahead. Go ahead.

And Michael, the only thing I would kind of tactically call out is that the new sales are not dilutive. If you think about a 9%-ish to 9.4% on a 3% comp and then the investments we're making, particularly as it relates to capital and the depreciation that comes along with that, and then our target that we shared today of 9% to 9.5%, they really are flowing through basically at the same operating margin rate that the base business, so to speak, was. So I just wanted to clarify that that's not the case when we modeled it out.

Yes. Thanks, Michael. So what -- I'm going to ask John first to just talk about the operational models and the adjustments we've made in the Side Lot and Fusion stores that we've rolled out. Just to be clear, those are reflected in the numbers that we shared today. But John, maybe you can talk about that. And then, Kurt, you can come back to the broader geography questions.

We are not disclosing at this time kind of the individual pieces of our strategic initiatives. You can expect to hear more from us on that over time. But what I would say is the composition of our new customers and providing the -- kind of retaining them, also our omnichannel efforts, combined with side lot infusion, are reflected in our updated comp guidance. 
What I would say is we're very pleased with the early results of our -- of the stores that we've implemented the side lot. Seth showed you the Rome, Georgia store today in a video and talked you through it. But we're very pleased with the early results, and that's given us the conviction to do between 150 and 200 stores next year and allocate the capital that's required to do that and the incremental capital dollars that we shared with you today. And more to come, but we think there's a big opportunity in garden. As Seth mentioned, it's the #1 category that we are not a destination for, that our customers really participate in, and so big opportunity there. 
In feed, where we have the feed drive-through, we are the largest player in bagged dog feed in the country. And an opportunity for us always is to make that process more efficient for our customers. And I really do think the time that it requires to load up a customer's truck or trailer with feed as they begin their day is -- does drive the difference in people going left or right. So that will make a big difference in our ability to keep gaining share in a market that we're already the #1 player. And we're very excited, bullish and going to be investing into the side lot initiative.

Yes. Great. So I'm going to ask Seth to do that. And specifically, what you're going to hear from him is teeing up kind of the systems implementations we've done around macro and then the systems implementations we've done around micro that kind of come together through our line review process to deliver kind of more optimal outcomes.

As it relates to new customers, to your point, as we remarked in our opening comments, 10 million new and reacquired customers between Q2 and Q3. And what I'd say is, first off, the pace of new customers really did not slow from Q2 to Q3 kind of the new customer counts that we were seeing on a weekly basis, with the exception of some modest seasonalization between Q2 and Q3, really continued at the same levels, meaning that we were really attracting new customers at the same pace in Q3. Some of that's driven by our continued advertising. But I think a lot of it's driven by just the lifestyle that people embrace in the Out Here Lifestyle and finding Tractor Supply a very relevant shopping destination for them in that lifestyle. 
And we are laser-focused on retaining those customers. We're doing that through both our marketing efforts with robust CRM activities and digital marketing activities as well as bringing people into our Neighbor's Club, which we continue to increase our number of millions of customers that are members there, but also just in our stores and focusing on what's important to these new customers, delivering that legendary service and staying really focused on it. 
They're -- as I mentioned earlier, the reshop rates with these customers are exceeding the historic rates we have of reshop rates with new customers not only on the second but also third time. And that gives us more confidence in the structural-oriented -- that there's more structural-ness versus transitory in those new customers. 
John, I know -- I'd let him speak a little bit in terms of having all-time customer SAP scores but also the focus on cleanliness and safety that we've had in our stores to really maybe bring some of that to life.

The only thing I'll add to Kurt's comments is we are staffing and buying to a Q2 that is dealing with the COVID pandemic. And we know we had elevated volume levels last year. We knew we were -- we were short on inventory in certain programs as we got into the middle of Q2 because we weren't anticipating obviously when we placed our import orders in the November, December time frame for 38% comps. We now know how consumers behave in the midst of the COVID pandemic, and we're working both on our -- with our import partners as well as our domestic partners to build inventory levels to meet that demand this coming Q2. And we also are building staffing plans to meet that demand as well.

Yes. Peter, thanks for joining us today and appreciate your remarks about our quarter. I'd first start out with we had the opportunity of participating in an incredibly attractive market, $110 billion in size, fragmented, very favorable profitability structure. It's demand-driven, needs-based. And we had the benefit of being a scaled player in that with significant opportunity still ahead of us. As we think about a competitive positioning, we think about it a little bit less about the competitive positioning and more about the customer. 
And the whole focus is to stay ahead of where the customers' expectations are. And that the entire focus of Life Out Here strategy is to address that lifestyle need, that Out Here Lifestyle need, and make sure that our offerings, our capabilities are best-in-class out there and surpassing what the customers' expectations are. And we firmly believe that if we do that, we will gain share in a very attractive market. And we are confident right now across all the categories that we compete in, no matter what the categories in our stores, that we are gaining substantive share. 
Specifically as it relates to pet, as I said earlier, we are gaining share in pet. We know that when we look at the overall kind of industry-level data and also when we look at our data and when we talk with our customers -- our manufacturers. 
And what I'll talk with -- and I'll let Seth talk a little bit about kind of marketing and merchandising activity that we have going on there.

Yes. Again, thanks for joining us today. As Kurt mentioned in his remarks and also in last quarter's remarks, we see about 50% of our elevated comps being more structural and about half of it being a little bit more transitory. And there's a variety of kind of different ways that we look at it to kind of come to that conclusion, but we feel very good about that. And I'd say, if anything, we're becoming more comfortable on the structural side as the pandemic progresses. 
To your point, say, on dogs, certainly, you might not buy that crate again. But if you bought a small bed, then you're going to upgrade to a larger bed. Or if you got a small ball for your pet, it's very much an annuity-type business. 
And then on garden, while certainly we have very strong share in things like riders, there's a lot of opportunity, as Seth shared, for us to gain a broader share in the garden business, whether it's in soils and fertilizers, certainly live goods, outdoor power more broadly. And those are the sorts of categories that you can see us really emphasizing, grilling, you can see us leaning into those. So as we start to cycle some of the bigger-ticket purchases, we're looking for those other categories to really offset that and drive those kind of comp sales in those sorts of businesses. 
As it relates to Q2, as I said, we're leaning in on it. We're buying for it. We're going to staff for it. And then we'll see how it evolves as we get into next year. There's a lot of uncertainties, as Kurt's laid out, not only the pandemic but how the economy is going to be, what the economic conditions are going to be, unemployment, stimulus, those sorts of things. So we'll -- there's a lot of uncertainty out there, but know that we are leaning into Q2.

Yes, I'll take it. What I would say is our business has been remarkably consistent. And we've seen no trailing off of consumer behavior at all. And in fact, we're seeing right now simultaneous strength in even some extended spring goods and summer goods, say, like riders as well as strength in more seasonal goods like patio heaters, log splitters, chain saws and outerwear as people are starting to think about the winter and as the fall and winter season approaches. And they're really approaching it with the same mentality as they approached spring. 
And in fact, we're seeing a little bit more of even of some stock-up behavior, where I think those who were last in line, so to speak, in the spring and summer, they didn't -- they weren't able to get the patio furniture. They weren't able to get that pool put in. They weren't able to do some of the things that they wanted to do to their backyard. And they're not going to miss out on that here as they go into the fall and into the winter time. 
So our comps month-by-month in Q3 were very consistent. Our comps across geographies, very consistent. Our comps across categories, very consistent. We're seeing that continue into Q4 here. And we're seeing the same level of behavior from our customers as we saw in the previous 2 quarters, with the exception of it just moderating based on the types of categories that are in season right now.

Yes. Matt, I'm going to turn it over to Rob here in just a minute to talk a little about technology. And I think that's one of the areas that we've really shown a significant amount of flexibility this year. As you mentioned in other areas also in marketing, as soon as the pandemic kicked in, we transitioned from a dominantly kind of more traditional print-based marketing plan to a digital and television-based marketing plan as we thought that there was going to -- the consumer is going to be right to kind of open their aperture on consideration of what retailers to shop. And certainly, the new customers that we've seen have proven that hypothesis to be true. 
We've also -- I think Seth demonstrated a lot of agility and flexibility in digital. I'll turn to Rob to maybe talk a little bit about some of the things we've done but, importantly, a lot of the things that we have on the horizon.

Yes.

You want to say something about incentive compensation, Kurt, because that's a big swing.

Yes. So I'll take the Petsense piece, and then I'll turn it to Seth. And Seth, maybe you can walk through kind of the merchandising category portfolio strategy and kind of the 6 kind of must-wins that your team is focused on.

Yes. So Petsense, the business is doing very well. It's -- it too is benefiting from kind of the strength in pet adoption and pet humanization. The management team is doing well. We feel really good about the business. It is continuing to grow. It's reasonably immaterial to the overall Tractor Supply portfolio and size and scale. And kind of more to come, I guess, on Petsense, but the Petsense business is doing very well. We're really pleased with it. 
Seth, I'll turn it over to you to maybe talk a little bit about our category strategies and where we're really focusing.