Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. We apologize for the little snafu at the very beginning. Apparently, you could hear us, but we couldn't hear the operator. So we apologize and hope we got that fixed. 
Turning to the third quarter. In the third quarter, our revenue grew $50 million or 7% and adjusted EBITDA grew by $36 million or 18% compared to the third quarter of 2017, excluding divested businesses. This marks our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth.
During the third quarter, Bromine Specialties and Catalysts both reported pro forma adjusted EBITDA growth over last year. 
In Lithium, third quarter pricing increased year-on-year as expected. However, unexpected outages at 3 of our manufacturing sites during the quarter caused volume shortfalls, which resulted in our not being able to meet the sales commitments in the quarter. These issues were onetime in nature and have been addressed. All of our lithium facilities are now running at forecasted production rates.
In addition, our Lithium capital projects remain on track. We completed the tie-ins at La Negra II and expect to operate that unit at full rates in 2019. La Negra III and IV, which is a 40,000-met ton carbonate expansion, is progressing as planned towards commissioning during 2020.
Earlier this year, we commissioned an expansion of our evaporation system in the Salar de Atacama enlarging our evaporation pond capacity by 60%. Additional ponds of more than 450 acres are on schedule for completion in early 2019. This expanded pond system will provide sufficient feedstock for all of our carbonate production facilities in Chile.
In China, we have completed all pre-commissioning activities at Xinyu II and are now transitioning that unit over to operations. We have begun start-up activities and will be in this phase over the next few months. We expect significant hydroxide volumes from this unit in 2019.
With respect to the Kemerton lithium hydroxide facility, we are on track to obtain all necessary approvals to begin earthwork at the site in December. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Thanks, Scott. I want to spend a minute providing more detail on our long-term lithium supply agreements with major cathode and battery producers. Pages 12 and 13 in our earnings presentation, which was posted online last evening, provides a snapshot of where we stand as of today on secured volumes for the calendar years 2021 and 2025. And the volumes, they're still the subject of active discussions with third parties. 
In summary, we are right on schedule for 2021 commitments and well ahead of schedule on 2025 volume commitments. As you can see, for 2021, we are already at our goal of having 80% or so of our volume secured and are in negotiations for volumes well in excess of our targeted Wave 1 nameplate production capacities of 85,000 metric tons of carbonate and 80,000 metric tons of hydroxide. These charts also show the acceleration in our customers demand for the battery-grade lithium hydroxide over that period.
For lithium hydroxide, more than 60,000 metric tons are secured for 2021. Approximately 60,000 metric tons of committed minimum volumes are contracted for 2025 with an additional 20,000 or so metric tons contracted as right of first refusal or option volumes. In addition, for 2025, we're in negotiations for another 80,000 to 90,000 metric tons of hydroxide volume. 
For lithium carbonate, more than 70,000 metric tons is secured for 2021 through our supply agreements and our internal needs, which feed production of our specialty products and hydroxide at Kings Mountain.
As we look out to 2025, we have carbonate volumes under supply agreements and for our forecasted internal needs of around 40,000 metric tons with another 60,000 to 80,000 metric tons the subject of ongoing negotiations.
Given the demand from existing customers and from cathode and battery producers who are not customers today, we are very confident that the 2025 committed volume will increase significantly over the next few quarters. It is important to note that the average sales price for the committed minimum volumes of carbonate and hydroxide volume under the supply agreements in 2021 and 2025 are equal to or greater than the average 2018 sales price with opportunities for price increases.
Given this outlook demand, as shown on Page 15 of our earnings presentation, we are adjusting our capital project planning accordingly. While the 40,000 metric ton carbonate expansion at La Negra is still on track to allow us to begin commissioning in 2020, we have stopped all engineering work on any further carbonate expansions in Chile at this time. We're going to put it on the shelf and continue to monitor our customers' needs and the needs for the market.
We previously disclosed that Kemerton would have an initial capacity of 40,000 metric tons with an ability to expand to 100,000 metric tons over time. We now expect to accelerate a portion of that additional capacity to add another production line at Kemerton, which would increase the initial nameplate capacity to at least 60,000 metric tons of hydroxide.
The commissioning of the Kemerton site is expected to start in stages during the course of 2021. We do not expect any meaningful change in our CapEx spending over this period as a result of this change.
As we have previously indicated, we will build out capacity to match the needs of our customers, and these announced modifications are consistent with that strategy. There have been questions raised in the press about our authorizations in Chile, so let me try to clarify the matter.
As you can see on Page 16 of our earnings presentations, we have the operating permit for pumping brine from the Chile environmental superintendent, the production quota from CORFO and the sales quota from CCHEN to allow for the production and sale of at least 80,000 metric tons LCEs annually through 2043. In addition, as we have previously disclosed, we are in the engineering and development phase of a project that we believe will increase the overall lithium yield from our operations in the Salar.
If successful, and we have seen no data to indicate that it won't be, the project would allow us to produce more lithium from the same amount of brine that we pump today or allow us to produce the same amount of lithium from less brine. In either case, it would be a more efficient and more sustainable process.
In conclusion, we believe we have positioned the company for another year of exceptional growth supported by our long-term strategic initiatives. Our 2019 planning process is well underway, and while it's too early to provide specific guidance, we believe 2019 will deliver another strong year of growth.
We remain committed to, and confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute that strategy in a way that should drive significant shareholder value well into the foreseeable future.

Yes, this is Luke. From a remediation standpoint of the cost, it'll be minimal and you won't see it in our numbers and you won't see it in our capital. You won't -- it would be a [ rounding error, ] first of all. Second of all, I can't comment on what might have happened as it relates to other tollers. We do know some of our tollers were also unable to produce, so I don't think it was just targeted at Xinyu. But I do view it from our standpoint as a onetime thing, onetime event. We reached agreement on everything that needs to be done with the authorities and are well underway of getting that taken care of. So we viewed it as a onetime event, and it would be just pure speculation for us to say anything about what would happened in the future or for third parties.

Well, the pricing terms would be consistent. If you look -- we have the ability to supply if we do, but we're not required to supply. So we're going to sell at a price that's commensurate with what we think the market should deserve or we won't sell it.

It's more in line with the price committed in those minimum volume projects because that's what we put in to look at what the capital returns should be for those projects. And we're going to be disciplined in our approach that we take for pricing, so that's what it set forth.

Yes, there's no conflict at all with the EPA. We've got a permit. We're operating within our permit. There's been -- with CORFO, it's been very public of what that confusion is. It's a matter of what price needs to be offered to any third party who would build a cathode facility in Chile. There's a dispute. They've said they're going to -- they want to arbitrate that dispute, but to-date, no arbitration has yet been filed. So we believe very strongly in our position. We think it's clear. It's a public document in Chile, so I'd invite you to look at that document and read the language. We think it's quite clear and we're very confident in our position. With respect to CCHEN, there is nothing at issue relative to the 2017 authorization. That is not an issue. It is not an issue -- our ability to be able to sell the 80,000 met tons or so annually. What we did is in March of 2018, CORFO signed an amendment to the agreement with us, that essentially said if we elect to build Chile V and VI, they would extend our production quota from around 80,000 met tons a year to around 140,000 met tons a year. But at the same time, we applied for CCHEN to ensure that the ability to sell was also reflective of what we could produce. We can -- we to build V and VI, we have to have yield improvement from lithium out of the Salar or we won't have enough brine coming out of the ground to be able to do that. So all that they've done is come back and said, "We're not willing to approve that additional sales today until we understand where you are in the yield improvement process." So from our perspective, there is nothing at issue that restricts in any way our ability to sell at least 80,000 met tons, which is our Wave I nameplate through 2043. And it's not even an issue for anything unless we elect to build V and VI, and we've just told you today that we'll put that on the shelf to understand what happens with the marketplace and what our customers need. So hope that clarifies. I'm sorry it's so confusing, but that's how the regulatory system works down there, and hopefully this helps you out.

Yes, I think it's a stretch to say that. What's changing is we're seeing a significant acceleration in demand of lithium hydroxide. And so we need to address that, and we need to be focused on what we're going to do. We've always said that we are going to invest capital to meet the needs of our customers. And if you look at the charts that we've put in there, you see what we're talking about, about hydroxide demand and what we're talking about, about carbonate demand. It's clear we need to focus on lithium hydroxide, have the focus there and that's what why we're doing it.

Yes, if you look at from a pricing standpoint, my position is if you look at 2021 and 2025, what you see on that page is the bear case.

Scott?

And I think when we're talking about mix, here we're talking about customer mix.

Talking about customer mix.

Yes, I don't see that in -- that would be pure speculation on our part. So we're assuming is everybody's going to be back up and running just like we are.

I'll -- let me take the first one and then turn I'll turn it over to Raphael to talk about IMO. First of all, post '23, what we've said is we're putting the Chile one on the shelf right now, which is not proceeding right now with Chile V and VI. That could change. We have always said, Sebastian, that we are going to build out according to demand of our customers. And right now, we've got a bigger need in lithium hydroxide as we look out past 2021. So that growth is going to come from our ability to build out lithium hydroxide facilities and likely the ability to expand Kemerton to 100,000 metric tons over the next 5 to 7 years, which would take care of hydroxide. In carbonate, we still have the ability to do Chile. We're just having a pause on that and see where it comes and let's see how that market develops. We may find out that we need even more hydroxide. Or in a couple of years we may find we need lithium sulfur or we may be need more lithium metal. So what we've got to be able to do is be very responsive to the needs of the market, both today and in the future, and the only way we can do that is by looking at what our customers are willing to commit to in the future and ensure that we have the capacity in place or the relationships in place to be able to meet that demand. And that's what we're trying to do because we've got to get a return on these assets as well. And if we can't get the people willing to step up to the plate to sign those longer-term contracts and we don't have them, we're not going to build it for speculative demand. We're going to build it for what we know our customers are willing to supply to us. That's what we've said and we're going to maintain our discipline in that regard. With that, Raphael, do you want to address the IMO, please?

Yes, they've been previously announced what we're going to do with Talison. And if Talison goes through with those expansions, which we fully expect they'd do, we'll have sufficient rock to meet almost all of that 135,000 metric tons that we would have in China and in Kemerton. And if not, we can get it on the open market. We'll be able to buy rock on the open markets. So I'm very -- I'm less worried about that. We've always said we'd like to have a little bit more conversion capacity for hard rock than we actually had hard rock to feed it, which would give us some benefit there to flex up. So there's -- all consistent with the strategy we talked about before and very confident in our ability not only from the Talison, but if we have to supplement a little bit from outside parties, we'd be able to do that. So we've got all the agreements we need and everybody is aligned on what we need to do to be able to supply our customers.

So Colin, if I could just add on that, add to what he's saying. That's another reason why our long-term strategy is that we're going to have these long-term agreements. Because we need to understand where the demand is either from a carbonate, from a hydroxide, from a metal, or from what's next from our customers in time so that we can invest in and expand capacity, move capacity, whatever the right thing is to be able to address the needs of our customers in a market. And the customers, the big customers understand that. And they're onboard with that approach. So we feel good about it.

Well, if you look on Page 12 and 13 of our earnings deck presentation that we laid out yesterday, we try to give a view of what that was, both from a carbonate standpoint as well as hydroxide standpoint in both 2021 and 2025. The other thing I'd add is on 2021, we put nameplate of the units on there, of our collective production capacities. That -- because that is what's public. It's not realistic to believe in any of these sites that we'll be operating at nameplate from a product -- actual production capacity in 2021. We're going to ramp up over time. And as we've seen with La Negra II, as we've seen with other things coming, you're not going to start it up on Day 1 and be able to operate at nameplate capacity. So that's not an indication that, that's the volume we're going to produce in that year, but we want to be consistent with what we told The Street previously to give you a benchmark. So as I sit and look at it, where we have much more opportunity than today, we believe we will have the production capacity. So I feel excellent looking even out in 2025, which is 7 years away, to be able to confidently say we're going to be well above our goal of 80% subject to minimum volume contracts.

Well, so I mean, you can do math as easy as I can. If you take the numbers that Scott read, you can get to an average number, but that's a combination of carbonate, hydroxide, technical grade. It's a combination of customers. So I just don't think there's not one price. You're not selling the commodity that's trading on some exchange. It's different, but that's how the math works.

So what we've always said is 2019 will be more about volume than it will be about price. And if you look at what we're bringing online with La Negra II being wide open, starting up Xinyu II operations, certainly would expect we'll see significant volume growth year-over-year. And I think that whenever we get around doing the number, it's going to be more about volume growth than it is pricing. But as we've said, pricing I don't expect any downturn in pricing. I expect a slight tailwind in pricing, but you'd also see significant tailwind on volume.

CCHEN doesn't have to do anything, first of all. So we are asking them to do something they're not required to do, and all they want to see is some proof that it's going to work before they give it to us. That's it. It is not a big deal, okay? It's not a big deal. If we build -- we only need it if we build V and VI. So in due time, all the data that we are working on when we get approval for that yield improvement project, we'll sit down with CCHEN. And if we build  V and VI, I'm confident we'll have the ability to sell it.

What you're doing is you're missing some of the toll and some of that 3 that we talked about was related to tolling. We're little -- we're going to be south of 10,000 metric tons from our actual production and -- but part of that is not all of the 3 because some of that 3 was tolling.

We have not -- we've not publicly updated our demand model. I will say that there've been some other models that are coming around that would push that up a little bit. The demand that we're seeing from our customers is certainly consistent with that demand model that we've put out there. So still feeling more confident in that model that we put out but not any real significant change that I would talk about today.

That's exactly right.