Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our second quarter results and achievements. Scott will provide more details on our financial results, outlook, balance sheet and capital allocation. 
I will then close our prepared remarks with an update on our operating model and strategic growth projects aimed at further strengthening our long-term financial performance and sustainable competitive advantages. 
Albemarle's leadership positions in lithium and bromine, coupled with our team's ability to execute through the current inflationary environment led to another quarter of strong results. In the second quarter, we generated net sales of $1.5 billion, nearly double the prior year. 
Second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $610 million was over 3x the prior year, continuing the trend of EBITDA significantly outpacing sales growth. The supply-demand balances remain tight in the markets we serve. Strong market prices and our continued success in contract renegotiation drove the tremendous strength we are experiencing in our lithium business. 
As a result, we are again raising our 2022 outlook and now expect to be free cash flow positive for the year. Scott will review the key elements of that outlook later on in the call. We are also successfully executing our growth strategy. Our Kemerton I lithium conversion plant in Western Australia achieved first product in July. I want to especially congratulate our teams in Western Australia for their hard work and dedication in achieving this goal. 
And lastly, we made a major announcement regarding plans to build an integrated lithium mega site in the United States. This will support our western expansion and the development of the battery material supply chain in North America. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.

Thanks, Scott. So let's turn to Slide 13 to discuss our cost structure and how we are managing inflation. Our vertical integration and access to low-cost resources for lithium and bromine allow us to avoid the worst impacts of inflation and control our cost structure. 
For example, while approximately 45% of our costs come from raw materials and services, actually 20% of those costs relate to our owned spodumene. The implementation of our operating model, the Albemarle way of excellence is also helping manage costs. 
In 2020, we identified our supply chain as a key area for improvement. At that time, we reorganized to form a global supply chain function and implemented a new enhanced procurement strategy. That team's efforts are now paying dividends. 
Last year, our procurement team set a target to achieve $90 million in value creation by 2022 year-end. We are on track to meet or exceed that target by about 40%. About half is from cost savings with lower year-over-year cost and about half is from cost avoidance, where procurement efficiencies have allowed us to realize below-market increases. 
An example of cost savings includes logistics efficiencies, minimizing material handling, maximizing equipment capacity and shortening haul routes. Cost avoidance includes using fewer suppliers and pooling buying for key raw materials and services to offset inflation. 
In other cases, we've shortened supply chains to improve resilience and reduce total cost. This success is driven by diverse teams, including supply chain, procurement and production scheduling, thanks to everyone across the enterprise and around the globe. It took commitment from every individual to make this happen. 
Our operating model is also focused on building the structure, capabilities, discipline and design approach to enable faster capacity growth. As a leading lithium producer, Albemarle is investing in lithium production around the world, including China, Australia and the Americas. This year, we plan to deliver projects that more than double our annual capacity from 85,000 tons to 200,000 tons by year-end. 
We are also progressing a portfolio of projects that can grow our conversion capacity to as much as 500,000 tons per year on a 100% basis. As you can see, the near-term projects are largely in the Asia Pacific region. Longer term, we expect to transition to a more localized supply chain in North America and Europe. 
Turning to Slide 15. Our capacity additions in Australia and Asia significantly enhanced our ability to leverage our low-cost resource base. In terms of lithium conversion capacity, we have made progress on the regulatory approval for the acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility. We continue to expect that acquisition to close in the second half of 2022. 
In the meantime, we continue to toll spodumene through this facility. As I mentioned earlier, Kemerton I has achieved first product. This important milestone signifies that the manufacturing processes and equipment can meet the project's design objectives. Our focus now is on qualifying our products with our customers. 
At our China greenfield expansions, construction of a 50,000 ton per year lithium hydroxide conversion plant at Meishan is well underway. Importantly, with our ownership stakes at the Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines, we already have access to low-cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities. 
The restart of the Wodgina lithium mine by our JV partner, Mineral Resources, is going well. We continue to negotiate agreements to expand and restructure the MARBL joint venture, and we'll update you when we have more information. 
We also have a 49% stake at Greenbushes, one of the best lithium resources in the world. The Talison joint venture is ramping up chemical grade Plant 2 or CGP 2 and has approved construction of CGP 3, which has broken ground. 
Our intention is to ramp up lithium resources in advance of conversion assets. In which case, in the near term, we could be net long spodumene. If that's the case, we will elect to toll spodumene or sell spodumene into the market if it's economical to do so and if it allows us to bridge until new conversion assets ramp up. 
Albemarle is the leading global lithium producer with a significant U.S. presence and access to some of the world's best resources. As such, we are well positioned to establish a world-class production of battery grade lithium that enables the localization of the battery supply chain in North America. 
This would offer important benefits to U.S.-based automotive OEMs seeking a de-risked local supply chain, more reliable logistics and a reduced carbon footprint. We plan to leverage our Kings Mountain lithium mine, a top-tier resource and build a multi-train conversion site in the Southeast. 
This site would be capable of handling mineral resources from Kings Mountain as well as recycled feedstock. This mega flex site would leverage Albemarle's best-in-class know-how to design, build and commission both resource and conversion assets. 
This creates significant competitive advantages for Albemarle and its customers while also addressing the need for localized lithium supply to support growing demand in North America. In closing, on Slide 17, we expect to achieve significant growth milestones this year, thanks to strong end market demand as well as actions that we've taken to invest in profitable growth for lithium and bromine. 
Those investments are now paying off as we ramp up volumetric growth. To maintain our financial flexibility to fund growth through cash and our balance sheet. And to leverage our operating model to manage cost and execute our growth projects. 
So this concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll ask Nadia to open the question -- open the call for questions.

Right. So I mean the 2 sites are slightly different scale. And Kings Mountain is a significant size. Silver Peak is smaller but still the expansion is important. I mean that is the only -- we're kind of lithium sourced in the U.S. today. But at Kings Mountain, we are early in that process. We're still in pre-feasibility. So we've got to do permitting, but we have done a lot of work already. 
We've done all of the drilling necessary. We continue to do some of the drilling to make -- to understand the resource at Kings Mountain. But we still got to do permitting. We've engaged with the community. We've been doing community meetings for almost 6 months now, maybe not quite 6 months or early in the year that we started that process with public meetings. 
We've opened an office in the town, so people can come in and ask questions. So we've really engaged with the community early on. We're working on the permitting processes that we have to go through, but it's in a pre-feasibility study. We feel confident we'll be able to get there at Kings Mountain, but there's a lot of work to do, including all the permitting.

Well, I think it's what we've really always talked about from an M&A standpoint. So if we see conversion assets that we think are attractive, so we would do that, consider that as a bolt-on. Technologies, if we see technology that help us to direct lithium extraction could be part of that. 
And then resources, so we continue -- I mean we are good on resources pretty close to the end of the decade. But we need to be planning now to build out our resource base past that. So I think those are the 3 primary categories.

Well, look, we're working with our customers, and we are being very aggressive about adding capacity. So I think you see that in our investment plans, and they're coming through now. And we get better at that. So the period when those come on, we're able -- we believe we're able to execute better from a conversion. 
We're good on resource for a number of years, but we still need to add that. And we work with the customers to do kind of unique arrangements we're having in conversations with those -- with our customers about those. But they have to work for us. And we're working towards some arrangements like that. 
So -- and they may or may not come to pass. I'm not -- I can't say that because those are conversations and discussions that we're having. But we're in those discussions. But we're committed to build capacity to serve the customer base over the long term.

David, we have not given out any costs yet since it's really pre-feasibility. So timing-wise, it's going to be later in the decade when that would come online. Clearly, it needs to have a feedstock with the mine, and that's probably the long pole in the tent.

Yes. So I mean look, we're -- we've just -- we made first product last month. And we're just starting to ramp up. So I think the key thing for us when we're able to make product and are comfortable with the quality, it means that our process chemistry is right. 
So there are no surprises really around the kind of core process chemistry around that. So that was a big milestone. That's kind of the first big hurdle that you want to clear. 
And then now it's just getting everything run at scale and get purities up to the -- to our specification. So as you kind of run in a new plant, we continuously see that the spec on battery grade material is very high. And so it just takes a little bit of time to get to that and it takes volume to do that. 
So it's just ramping up. We feel very good about the process chemistry and that the plant will be a good operating plant. It's just that we need a little bit of time to ramp it up and get to those -- the purities we need. And then we have to go through the qualification process with our customers. 
So -- and that's on the first train. Second train is still on schedule that we've indicated in the past and the learnings we had on Train 1. We've stumbled a bit on Train 1 with issues and getting it there. We think we -- as we saw those, we've rectified that for Train 2. 
There's still labor issues in Western Australia, but I think we're through the worst of that because we're past most of the big construction elements of it. So now we're in the commissioning on 1 and just finishing up construction on 2. There's still labor issues in the operating facility to some degree, but that's kind of business as usual in Western Australia, I would say.

Well, we're having discussions with people, but we're not -- I would say we're not very far down -- we're not locked anything in. We have some ideas around some unique models, and we're having conversations with people about that.

Yes. So I mean it's a big part of the conversation, and it's about recycling -- creating a recycled loop through the system. It is in the years out, but we have to design it in. And so we think we can build -- we'll build it in phases. 
But ultimately, we'll operate a recycled facility, be lower volumes at the time, but we'll have time to ramp that up and really learn how to use that, optimize that. And that would kind of be our roof facility that we would learn off of as well. 
So it's part -- we're trying to think ahead and design that into a facility so we get scale with the other operating facilities and have the benefit of having an operating plant next door.

Yes. So I think -- I mean we've talked about this for a while. And we've always said we're not sure where this ends up. It's a little bit about how our customers want to contract and then the direction that we're trying to go. So I mean what you're seeing in that is just how the math is evolving. 
So we've upgraded -- we've changed contracts from those fixed. But remember, the fixed prices adjust over time. So they're not really fixed. And we're trying to shorten that period that we -- as they adjust. 
So I'm not -- I don't really want to call the mix. I mean we at one time said we thought it might be 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 between those categories. And it's turned out to be quite different. We do want to have some in the spot category that gives us flexibility. 
But I don't know, it's hard to say where it goes. We're not necessarily absolutely driving it to that variable price. But we kind of like that model where it's index reference and variable. And I think our customers are getting comfortable with it as well.

Well, I think we've migrated our philosophy around pricing contracting over time. And we've talked about that quite a bit, and that's coming to fruition. Our unique models, we've been having -- we've had discussions through years with people about prepayments and investments and things like that. 
We've not done that yet. It's not that we're opposed to it, but has to fit in our philosophy and it has to work for us. And that probably more relevant a few years ago, when we needed more cash for our investments. It's less important for us today, but we're still open for those investments. But we consider them strategic as part of a relationship and not just because we need the cash.

Yes. Well, I would -- I mean it's a philosophy, but they are widening and going up. So there -- it is definitely not narrowing. So widening and they're moving up, I guess that's our philosophy.

Absolutely.

So there'll probably be some volume coming through Wodgina in the second half, but it's not -- I don't think it's material. So that will start impacting in '23.

So I think that -- I mean if I understand your question from a volume standpoint, right? So there will be -- it's ramping up at La Negra and Kemerton and some tolling volume. So it's -- we'll be producing -- pulling from Wodgina and ramping up at the facilities at Talison. So it's pretty much within our control. 
So -- but that's got to -- you can put the risk however you categorize each one of those. But it's probably -- we don't have to do anything extraordinary to get there. We have the plants that we built and now starting up, have to run and produce at volume. And then we just continue to ramp up at La Negra. And we're going to have some toll volume to handle some of the Wodgina product before we're able to build conversion. 
So that might be -- I mean -- but the tollers we're using, we used before. It's new product for them. So there's a little bit of risk in that, but not -- it's not extraordinary.

Yes. No, that's right. So that's probably the bigger risk in it.

Yes. I mean look, it's money that's available strategically, it fits in, right, and we're working on that. So nothing we can announce today, but we're working on it.

So let's just -- I mean Wodgina -- I mean we're running Wodgina today. We're ramping up, but we -- and we'll eventually toll that. We'll toll that volume until we get plants on that we can process through that. 
Kemerton is just -- it's a matter of ramping. And we've kind of -- we've said historically, we bring a plant on, we kind of -- our planning is we give it 2 years to ramp to full capacity. Now we would hope to beat that, but that's kind of what we built and that's how we build into our planning processes. 
And I don't -- the other was about Talison. So that's the expansion. CGP 2 is operating. And CGP 3, which is the next one is we've broken ground on that. So we're ramping up -- CGP 2, we're commissioning and ramping up. And we've just broken ground on CGP 3. I think that's the right...

Yes. So I mean our thinking -- and again, it's pre-feasibility and still -- we're trying to make sure we understand exactly the resource at Kings Mountain. So we're doing more work on that. But we think that we could feed that megaplex facility with Kings Mountain plus -- ultimately at steady state with recycled material that get to the scale that you referenced, 100,000 tons a year.

I'll let Eric can talk about the tolling. But just on the spodumene, I mean we're just being a little more flexible. That's a bridging strategy that we've not changed strategy long term about selling spodumene. We want to convert and sell to our end customers the products that they use, the lithium salts. 
So -- but if we have -- if we ramp up plants -- you can't do all this perfectly, right, between conversion and the mine. And we've decided to push the resources in advance of the mines because they have longer lead times, typically. And we get them up and operating. 
And if we've got resource available before we have conversion capacity, we'll either toll it or we'll sell spodumene rather than let it can sit on the ground.

That's right.

Right. So that -- I mean we're not going to call the long-term price because we don't know that. And I think it will move up and down. It's not going to just go -- it's not going to sit where it is forever. I'm probably pretty confident in saying that. It will move around over time. 
But we see the market being tight on lithium for a pretty long period of time. And there might be periods -- slight periods of oversupply. And we see that several -- a number of years out, but then that disappears pretty quickly. 
So we model that. I'm sure all of you guys model that. Everybody has their own opinion on it. But prices are going to -- they're going to move around, and we're not -- we can't call it. 
We do know that the cost to produce to get to the volumes, the market needs goes up quite a bit from what we see the cost curve today out over time. Could it move into the $20s and $30s at some point? It absolutely could. But we still -- we see the market being tight for a pretty long period of time.

Well, I think what we're thinking -- we think about it as a longer term to get to the volumes the market needs over time. So new capacity coming on, and some of that is about the quality of the resource, where it is, the technology that you need or even to develop in order to bring that to market. 
So we don't publish what we -- our view of the cost curve. So I'm not going to talk about those particular numbers. But I think from our view, it's moved up over the last several years. And as the market requires more and more volume, it will continue to move up.

Okay. Thank you, Nadia, and thank you all for the participation on our call today. The momentum we are experiencing in '22, combined with our pipeline of projects strongly positions us to execute on profitable and sustainable growth for the longer term. 
I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all stakeholders by accelerating our growth in a sustainable way and to lead by example. Thank you for joining us.