Thank you, Mary Winn, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. The Tractor Supply team delivered strong results for the third quarter, with net sales up 15.8%, comparable store sales increase of 13.1% and diluted earnings per share of 20.4%. 
The team is doing an outstanding job navigating a very dynamic and challenging operating environment. We continue to benefit from many market trends that we see as very structurally sound. We have strength in our customer base. We're gaining market share across our categories. We continue to advance our Life Out Here strategy. Our business has never been stronger and we see tremendous opportunities for growth ahead of us.  
As we've consistently shared with you over the last 18 months, our strong results are a testament to our 45,000-plus team members. And I'd like to thank them for all their efforts in the quarter. They kept each other safe as we went through another COVID-19 wave and navigated through broad-based supply chain disruptions and cost of goods increases and navigated and managed through a tight labor market. Through it all, they've been resilient and persevered to deliver strong customer satisfaction scores, including all-time high GURA scores.
Our team members are our greatest strategic asset and a key competitive differentiator with our customers. Our loyal and highly engaged team members have helped us fare better than most as far as staffing across our stores and DCs. 
Back in June, we raised our minimum opening wage to $11.25 per hour. Our recent wage actions bring our average hourly wage rate at our stores to nearly $15 per hour as we exit the year, with our DC at a higher rate. The investments we have made in store labor are being recognized by our customers by the overall customer satisfaction scores that I just mentioned. 
I'd also like to say thank you to our vendors and supply chain partners as we work together to overcome challenges in the global supply chain network. And together, we've been very focused on controlling what we can control to deliver these results. Across our network, we've been nimble and been able to navigate the unprecedented supply chain environment and macro issues, including inflationary pressures. And the team has done a great job addressing issues, ranging from import container shortages and port delays, driver shortages, higher freight rates and a multitude of other supply chain constraints.  
To mitigate these challenges, the team has leveraged dedicated containerships, pop-up DCs, expansion of mixing centers and direct-to-store shipments. Despite these challenges, our inventory is in good shape, and our in-stock rates finished above last year at the end of the quarter. Our diversified vendor base, with only about 12% direct import, is a strong point of differentiation for us during these supply chain times.  
Given our scale and sophistication, we believe that our network is a competitive advantage to being the dependable supplier for the Out Here Lifestyle. Categories in which we participate and the Out Here Lifestyle that we serve continue to have elevated consumer spending levels well above pre-COVID levels. We fully anticipate that the environment we're in is going to continue for the foreseeable future. And consequently, we think that the sales growth that we've seen is structurally sound, given the changes in consumer behavior and the lifestyle investments that are now much more ingrained in the consumer psyche.  
These structural trends that continue to work in our favor include things like rural revitalization, trip consolidation, omnichannel adoption, and a self-reliant lifestyle movement, including DIY trends and investments in hobbies like gardening, backyard poultry and, of course, pet ownership. For many workers, the return to office has been pushed out until next year. And even then, we'll very likely be in a hybrid environment as most employers. And at this point, our customers will have been ingrained for over 2 years. As such, we anticipate that their behaviors are much more sustainable and structural.   
To provide some color on our results, let me share a few other highlights of the third quarter. Like the second quarter, every week had positive comps. Also like the second quarter, our growth was broad-based across regions and product categories. Our e-commerce business continues to experience strong momentum with double-digit sales increases of over 40%. And in just under 1 year, our mobile app already has more than 2 million downloads and now represents over 10% of our e-commerce sales. 
We continue to gain share across all categories. This has been a consistent trend for multiple quarters now, and this share gain has been both online and in stores. The share gain has been aided by the increase in our unaided brand awareness, which has improved by 21 percentage points since November of 2019. This improvement, combined with positive trends in our overall customer satisfaction, are a significant contributor to the share gains we are experiencing.  
Also consistent from previous quarters, all customer segments were strong with notable strength in our core farm and ranch, which is the largest and most important of our customer base. At the same time, our digital ad campaign to target millennials is supporting the significant growth we are seeing in this important demographic. We think the relevancy of Tractor Supply to the millennial customers has staying power, given the structural changes in the market and our customer behaviors, and we're certainly seeing that consistently quarter after quarter in our data as our average age of customer trends down.  
For the year, more customers than ever have shopped at Tractor Supply. These customers are making more trips and are spending more money per trip. And our new customer retention remained very strong. Our Neighbor's Club loyalty program continues to exceed our expectations, with year-over-year sales growth of these members north of 20%. We exited the quarter with more than 22 million Neighbor's Club members. These members are spending more than about 3x the rate of nonmembers, with Neighbor's Club members now accounting for nearly 70% of our sales. This continues to be a step-up from where we've been running prior to the relaunch of the program and sequential improvement over the second quarter of this year. 
The number of high-value customers in the program grew almost 30% for the quarter, and we continue to experience retention rate in excess of 95% for our high-value customers. These strong results demonstrate that the changes to Neighbor's Club continued to gain traction with our customers.  
Given our robust performance through the third quarter, along with our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are again raising our sales and earning guidance for 2021, and Kurt will share more details on our improved outlook later in the call. 
Regarding our pending acquisition of Orscheln Farm & Home, we continue to work cooperatively with the FTC as it continues to review the proposed transaction. We look forward to the benefits this transaction will offer customers with improved product offering and competitive pricing.  
As has been the case over the last 18 months, I'm incredibly proud of the way our entire Tractor Supply team has managed to stay focused on taking care of each other and our customers. Our long-term opportunities remain very exciting. Our goal has been to emerge from the pandemic stronger. Over the course of the last year, since rolling out our Life Out Here strategy, we have gotten stronger through this pandemic. And we believe that we're going to emerge from it even stronger and better positioned as we execute our strategy.  
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kurt.

Thanks, Kurt. Now I'd like to share with you an update on our recent ESG announcement as well as provide updates on our Fusion and Side Lot strategic initiatives, which are key parts of our Life Out Here strategy.  
At a time of urgency and action on climate change and social justice, we just announced new goals that are the next step in our long-standing commitment to sustainability, stewardship and opportunity. By 2040, we are committing to achieve net zero carbon emissions across all our operations. As part of our social commitments, we are prioritizing accelerating our initiatives and actions for diversity, equity and inclusion. At Tractor Supply, we are focused on cultivating an environment of inclusion, where diversity of all kinds is appreciated and valued. I invite you to learn more on our dedicated ESG website.  
Turning next to our Life Out Here strategy. As a reminder, we've been executing against 5 key strategic initiatives this year as part of our overall strategy. And those initiatives are Neighbor's Club, Digital, FAST, Fusion and Side Lot. The strategy and these initiatives are designed to capitalize on the attractive opportunity that we see in our nearly $110 billion total addressable market. 
Our Project Fusion and Side Lot model transformations represent significant investments in our stores. These store-level investments are designed to grow our market share and drive the productivity of both existing and new stores as part of our Life Out Here strategy.  
So let's start with our Project Fusion store remodel program. As a quick reminder, Project Fusion is our state-of-the-art space productivity program, designed to enhance the customer experience in our mature store base and give customers that may not have shopped with us in the past more reasons to shop. We anticipate having about 15% of our total store base in the new Fusion layout by year-end. We've reduced the time to complete Fusion remodels by 50% since the beginning of the year and, in turn, allowing us to minimize the disruption to the store operations and our customers' shopping experience.
Our customers are taking note of the improved layout, the ease of shopping and our new product offerings. Specifically, in our customer intercept surveys, they call out better organization, improved merchandise selection, cleaner and brighter aisle and easier to navigate layout. Categories seeing the strongest lift in sales include areas like apparel, companion animal and power tools. Given the size of our store base, this is a multiyear opportunity to continually refresh our store base and further drive comp sales through productivity. 
Another significant component of our space productivity efforts is the transformation of our Side Lot. Again, as a reminder, typically, there's as much space outside of our stores in the Side Lot as we have on the inside of our store. And the productivity of this space is substantially below the chain average. We're in the midst of a multiyear project to transform our Side Lot with an expanded product offering and an enhanced shopping experience. With this investment, the Side Lot space is leveraged to offer a wider product offering in the lawn and garden categories, and our new categories with the garden center and offer greater convenience through the expansion of our buy online, pick up in store capabilities or drive-through pickup.  
In select locations that meet sales volume thresholds, we're also adding a feed room to help deliver the bag feed demand. And as a reminder, we're the largest seller of bag feed in the country. We also continue to see a positive halo effect from the garden center to the existing store and vice versa. The addition of product categories increased ease of shopping and new services, provides us with even more ways to continue to keep our existing customers engage with Tractor Supply and attract new customers also to the brand.  
Our ability to drive higher sales per square foot through the transformation of our Side Lot space remains a significant opportunity. We anticipate having about 150 Side Lots complete across the chain as we exit 2021. In these early remodels, we're learning a great deal about our customers' appetite for an expanded lawn and garden assortment. And we're even more excited than we were when we embarked on the initial test pilot late last year. 
As with our Fusion remodels, we continue to reduce the project timeline also here by about 50% and minimizing the disruption to our customers and store teams as we implement our findings from our test and learn process. While still early on, we are very positive about the continued refinement and learning.  
While implementing construction projects of this scope and scale has been very challenging in the current macro environment, we're making progress in our ability to significantly reduce construction costs, the construction time and the corresponding disruption at the store site. While the majority of the remodels have been completed more recently, we are very pleased with the early read on sales lift. 
Post the disruption period, we're seeing lifts of low single digits for Fusion remodels and mid-single digits for combo stores, which have both Fusion and Side Lot remodels. We expect continued improvements in these results as the stores normalize and are forecasting year 1 lift of mid-single digits for Fusion and high single digits for combo stores, which is on track for the expectations we had as we began these projects.  
Over the course of the last year, the team has done a great job operating the business at elevated levels, navigating unprecedented challenges and also executing our transformational initiatives to support our Life Out Here strategy. And to wrap up, our results clearly underscore that our strategies are working, that the team is navigating the challenges effectively and that we're emerging from the pandemic stronger than before. We're extremely optimistic about our future.  
As we enter one of the busiest periods in retail, my thanks and sincere appreciation go out to each of the more than 45,000 Tractor Supply team members for their dedication and commitment to our mission and values. 
And with that, operator, we would like to open the lines for questions.

Oliver, thanks for joining our call. Yes, on gross margins, we're very pleased both with our short-term results, kind of the past quarter on gross margin, and also very optimistic about the long-term nature of our gross margins. On the short term, we've had significant amount of cost coming through our business, whether that's in cost of goods as it relates to raw materials, commodity-based goods, also vendors passing along costs related to labor and freight. We've also seen freight cost increase as well as well as the costs related to imports. The team has done an excellent job navigating those costs, finding offsets, productivity measures really being the advocate for the customer to keep prices as low as possible. 
That said, as Kurt mentioned, we did have inflation to the tune of 7% in the quarter, which helped us offset a lot of those costs and deliver the gross margin results that we did in the quarter, which sequentially, from a gap to last year, improved from Q2. 
Long term, as we talked about on several of our calls, the question is really around the promotional intensity and the clearance intensity -- clearance ad intensity in the business. And those 2 remain at the same levels as they have over the last 6 quarters, very low. We remain very focused on everyday low price, we remain very focused on delivering value every single day to our customers. And we see it playing out that way for the foreseeable future. We have no plans for significant promotional intensity in Q4 and we think that we'll remain in a very supply-constrained environment as we move into the first half of next year. And that, too, will continue to limit any sort of promotional intensity in the market. 
And a couple of years in now, with minimal promotional intensity, I think that bodes well for being able to maintain kind of a low promotional kind of structure going forward. And so as I said, again, we're very pleased with our short-term gross margin results and also very optimistic about the structural nature of our long-term gross margin.

Karen, good morning, and thanks for joining the call. We see significant growth opportunities ahead in our business. As we've talked about several times, $110 billion total addressable market, super excited about our Life Out Here strategy and the runway ahead there. And we're investing in that strategy to ensure we capture sustainable market share. 
Absolute -- to your point, acknowledge that absent the write-down on Petsense that we did a 10.1% op profit in 2020 and our guidance for 2021 here at 10.2% to 10.3%, that both of those exceed our long-term targets. We certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves here in the third quarter. What we've commented on is that we're in the midst of our annual planning for 2022. It's -- at the same time, we're also just always looking at our long-term targets. And it's very natural for us to be reviewing that over the next few months. 
And so when we have more news on that, we'll certainly let folks know. But again, I think we're in a period where there's a significant amount of opportunity ahead and we're very pleased with the results we put up this quarter, the outlook we have for the balance of the year and also excited about the long-term opportunity that we still see out there in our $110 billion market as we're gaining significant share in it. And the team is just executing on all cylinders right now.

Yes. Brian, I'd point to 3 things in our business. First off, I'd talk about just kind of broad macro trends. Second thing I'll talk about is the consistency of our business. And the third I'll talk about is share gain. In the broad macro trends, all the trends that we saw in Q2 of last year really have all sustained themselves. And I think there are certain retailers and other businesses that had -- that saw the benefit as it relates to kind of COVID behavior early to mid last year, and that wanes. 
And I think that's not been the case for us. Whether it's things like rural revitalization, which is a bit more of a permanent in -- as people move, and whether it's things like pet ownership and adoption, again, permanent and more so in nature. Whether it's home setting and just kind of the self-reliance mentality. We're seeing those as more permanent behaviors. And really no matter what data set you look at, whether it's home purchases, whether it's mobility, whether it's pet ownership, any sort of qualitative data on where people are spending their money, they all reinforce the structural nature of those trends. 
The second thing I'd point to is the consistency. As I mentioned, our business has been remarkably consistent month-to-month, week-to-week, by category and by region. And that's been regardless of whether or not we've been in COVID surges or whether or not certain states have been more locked down or less in lockdown. And that I think just, again, speaks to the structural orientation.
And lastly, we're gaining significant share, really in almost evert category in our business. And we're seeing that share gain in our customers who have shut us. And as they come to us now with the confidence that we're in stock, with the right level of customer service and at the right price. 
And then also, new customers who are finding the lifestyle that we serve to be kind of what they're seeking in this time. And we're gaining share really across the board on all of our categories in that context. So I'd point to those 3 things that give us real confidence in the structural orientation of our business. And as I said, I think it -- there's a set of COVID winners that were early on and have seen some of that wane. And then there's another set that are seeing it much more structural and sustained, and I very much put us at the top of that second camp.

Simeon, good to talk to you this morning. Thanks for joining us. I'd say, first off, we see sizable opportunity ahead in our market. It's -- for those who followed us for a long period of time, it's a very attractive market. It's one that's very fragmented, one where we're very well positioned with our scale and size and relationships that we have and investments we've made historically. We think that there's significant further opportunity as we look out to continue to grow in an outsized way and take share. And we're committed to going after that share and continuing to grow. 
As -- that said, we'd acknowledge 2 straight years of performance above 10% op margin, that's above our long-term guidance. And as we go through our 2022 annual planning process, we'll be -- that will help us really think through our long-term guidance and the relevance of that as we look forward. But right now, it is our long-term guidance. 
What I would say is as it relates to investments, we're very bullish on our investments. We're very focused on excellent capital allocation. We're seeing the results of our investments in the business. As we shared today, the Fusion stores and the Side Lot stores are performing very well. As they mature and begin to normalize, we're seeing the results right in line with what our expected -- our kind of business model and business plan for them were. 
That said, also our business is much -- continues to grow at an outsized rate, and that gives us an opportunity to leverage and scale on our business in a way that we didn't fully anticipate last year at this time. And I think as we see how that continues to evolve into early next year, you can expect to hear more from us on that. But again, we remain very bullish on our opportunity. Very pleased with our business. It's never been stronger and we're excited about both the short-term and long-term potential inside of it.

Yes, that is what we said in our prepared remarks, and it is accurate. The add that I'd make to that is just as is typical with a store remodel, there's a little bit of disruption. There's disruption that happens during the remodel. Particularly with the current supply chain environment, there's a little disruption that's occurring still even after the remodel of some kind of fixtures and other types of things come in, sometimes a little late. That -- and then we start to see the lift happen as customers get used to shopping the new layout and find the new categories and the new brands and the new -- kind of the new remodel. 
And so what we're seeing is kind of what we would expect, which is kind of every week, every month that goes by, post kind of the rebrand opening of the remodel, that the performance of the store continues to improve. And that's the case with both combo stores and the Fusion remodels. 
The adder that I would make to that is as it relates to the Side Lot with the garden center, we have a couple of stores that are -- that went through kind of year 2 of spring. We saw kind of outsized gains in those, which is in line, again, with our expectation that we would see more of a maturity curve with the garden center than we would with the inside of the store Fusion remodel. 
We think that what we expect and what we're seeing in the Fusion remodel is more of an immediate impact with kind of the maturity curve being more of a 3-, 4-, 5-, 6-month maturity curve, whereas with the garden center, we're seeing a nice, strong immediate impact. But then we're also seeing kind of 12, 18 months kind of continuation of that maturity curve. 
But yes, the results are very much in line, nice positive lift already even a few months into each of the remodels. And then we see even continued lift as we complete kind of year 1 of those remodels, whether it's Fusion or the combo.

Yes. We start measuring lift the day of the rebrand opening. So not to get too tactical, but there's a sign off that the store manager and the project manager and the construction manager do, that on the day of that sign off, that's when the project is complete. The rebrand opening happens reasonably quickly after that, 1 week, 2 weeks kind of thing. And then we start measuring the lift from that rebrand opening day.

Chuck, thanks for joining the call today. I'll hit kind of 3 things on Side Lot, and then I'll just briefly touch base on Fusion productivity. On the Side Lot, the 3 things I'll talk about is the Garden center, I'll talk about BOPIS, and then I'll talk about our feed rooms. 
So first, on the garden center. Our customers' key data set is that the category that we least address from a destination perspective, that they most engage in is live goods and garden. And so that's really what the garden center strategy is all about, it's creating another CUE destination category in our business. And -- but we're seeing that in our results. I'd say we're more excited now about the prospects for kind of adding to our fleet in garden center than we were even this time last year. 
And just kind of tactically, the behavior we're seeing our customers is exactly what you'd expect. It's a little less around beautification, like what you might see in a more of a home improvement store in terms of the core product, and much more about fruits and vegetables and shrubs and trees, all those sorts of things that really speak to Life Out Here, whether it's the gardening you do in your backyard or whether it's the shrubs and the trees you're planning along your fence line and in your land. And we have significant convenient kind of advantages for our customers from a location perspective. So the garden centers are performing very well, and we're just getting started, both on the build-out of those, obviously, but also with our relationships with our live goods vendors and the assortments tailoring it by store. 
The second thing is on BOPIS drive-thru. We are seeing incredibly high levels of drive-through behavior from our customers. And we're seeing, in some of our stores that have been open for 4, 5, 6, 8 months now, we're seeing 50%, 60%, 75% of the buy online, pick-up in store being drive-through. And just that extra convenience factor you're seeing with customers, and then that's driving repeat behavior. And so really pleased with how that's evolving and the behavior we're seeing from our customers is consistent with what the feature was when we rolled it out. 
And then lastly is the feed room. So we are the largest seller of bag feed in the country. And if you think about our average store volumes and the growth we've seen in those store volumes, combined with the outsized performance in CUE, that's put a lot of stress on our stores as it relates to the receipt of bag goods, getting it out onto the store, staying in stock for our customers and then being able to kind of get that on to customers' trucks and out the -- towards -- get them on their way. And the feed rooms have provided valuable capacity and also allowed us to effectively, from a cost perspective, serve that customer because we're not touching the bags 2 and 3, 4x. We're able to leverage our mixing centers in a way that they're designed now. 
And so all 3 of those things are really coming together. We're seeing excellent performance across all 3, exactly as we designed them and built them. And we're continuing to use our test and learn to tweak it along the way. 
And as you think about our productivity as we move forward, we're still committed to our comps kind of outpacing overall retail and outpacing the Life Out Here market that we define as that $110 billion market. And so you can expect continued productivity improvements on our same-store sales in an outsized way as we move forward. Even in spite of 6 consecutive quarters now with double-digit comps, we still have that expectation moving forward. 
One other thing I just -- while I've got the mic here, so to speak, I'd like to just step back and reference. It's a bit about kind of our long-term kind of op margin leverage, as Kurt was talking about. What I'd say is if you look at our long-term guidance, because there are several questions on this topic, we -- and our long-term guidance that we announced last year had 6% to 7% sales growth and 8% to 10% earnings per diluted share, which implies continued leverage on the business as we move forward. And we're not in a state of normalcy right now, obviously, with our comps being the 6 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. But what I would say, the spirit of the continued leverage, you are seeing in our results. 
And that is the expectation we have of our business, whether we're seeing outsized costs from labor and outsized costs from freight and cost of goods, or whether that's in a more normal environment. And so we're holding ourselves accountable to executing in that way regardless of the environment that we're in. And just wanted to clarify that. I think Kurt's point around 3% comp and whether that's a point of leverage is still accurate in a normal environment. But we still -- even in a kind of "non-normal environment" still accept that same challenge.