Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to hear more about our third quarter results. The Tractor Supply team delivered a strong quarter that was in line with our expectations. I'm very pleased with the way the team balanced sales growth and operating profit margin expansion. Today, given the investments we have made in technology and tools to grow our business, we are better positioned to capitalize on the trends of our business. 
Our comp store sales results were driven by broad-based growth across our geographic regions. We drove solid comp sales performance in regions where we had normal or improved moisture to last year. This was partially offset by comp sales trends that were modestly below the chain average performance in the regions where there was below normal moisture or in some even drought conditions. 
We continued to experience increases in both comparable average ticket and traffic and we saw strength across our merchandising categories with the strongest sales growth in our spring and summer assortments, accompanied with solid sales growth in our core, year-round categories. 
At Tractor Supply, every quarter can play out differently from the year before as weather patterns, moisture levels, temperatures and even hurricanes will vary across our markets. These conditions will alter demand for products that we sell. This quarter was no exception. Whether it be store operations, supply chain, merchandising or marketing, our teams made the necessary adjustments to serve our customers. 
Our supply chain teams did an excellent job managing to the demand of the business. Our ability to capitalize on geographic seasonal trends is a core competency and a strength of Tractor Supply. Overall, I am encouraged by the underlying health of our customer and our business. 
So now let me comment on a few highlights for the third quarter as compared to the third quarter last year. Net sales increased 5.4% to $1.98 billion for the quarter. Comparable stores increased 2.9% in the third quarter with Petsense also comping positive. Our comp average ticket increased 2.3% and transactions grew at 0.6% in the quarter. Our average ticket growth of 2.3% was positively impacted by our overall retail price management. And our team was nimble and well prepared with a great line-up of merchandise for our customers, both in our stores as well as online. 
Gross margin improved 28 basis points to 34.99% despite tariff headwinds. Operating profit margin improved by 2 basis points and on an adjusted basis improved by 17 basis points. Diluted EPS was $1.02 and adjusted EPS increased 9.5% to $1.04. 
Based upon our performance year-to-date, we have updated our guidance. Our forecast for fiscal year 2019 EPS is now $4.66 to $4.70. And on an adjusted basis, we are maintaining the midpoint of our full year guidance, while narrowing the range to $4.68 to $4.72 per share. 
Now let's look at several of the operational highlights for the quarter. We opened 25 new Tractor Supply stores and 1 Petsense location. This quarter included the celebration of our 1,800th Tractor Supply store which is located in Berkshire Township, Ohio. Our selling metrics continue to perform well through our focus on GURA and providing legendary service to our customers. For the third quarter, our customer experience GURA scores were at an all-time high. This quarter marks our 29th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business and we continue to experience exceptional growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store program. This too encourages customers to come into the store to pick up online orders resulting in about 20% of our customers making an incremental purchase. 
Between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to stores, greater than 70% of our e-commerce orders continue to be fulfilled at our stores. This illustrates the importance of our store assets and their key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. Importantly, this is a cost-effective way to serve our customers with greater speed, convenience and efficiency. 
So in review, we are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter. And before I turn the call over to Kurt, I would like to update you on the progress of the Board's CEO search. Succession planning is a top priority for our Board of Directors. And as the search is ongoing, we are committed to taking the time we need to select the right leader for the future of Tractor Supply. In the meantime, I continue to be highly engaged in the business along with the rest of the leadership team. And when the time comes, I will be here to assist the new leader in whatever way the Board believes will make the smoothest transition. 
This talented team knows retail. And specifically knows farm and ranch retail and is committed to winning. I am confident that we will achieve our goal of adding new leadership while still delivering on our commitments to drive long-term shareholder value. 
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kurt.

Well, thank you, Kurt. Now let me turn to the progress we're making on our ONETractor strategy and we remain focused on these 4 objectives: Driving profitable growth; building customer-centric engagement; offering the most relevant products and services; and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities. 
We are pleased with the traction we are gaining with our key initiatives and specific examples include capabilities such as: growth of our Neighbor's Club engagement; the chain-wide rollout of our Stockyard kiosk and mobile point-of-sale; enhancing our Tractor Supply credit card offering; and investments in our supply chain. 
As part of our ONETractor strategy, we are actioning the rich customer data we are receiving from our Neighbor's Club loyalty program. And the health of our program continues to be very robust as measured by membership growth, increased penetration of sales, greater frequency and higher average ticket sales by these customers. In addition, our core farm and ranch customer segment continues to be strong in both retention rates and spending. The Neighbor's Club data allows us to target specific groups based on their frequency and category-specific spending. This personalized approach is allowing us to drive engagement and build share of wallet over time with our Neighbor's Club members. 
The strength of our loyalty program allows us to be agile all while amplifying our message to customers. For example, with our recent TSE Days promotion, the goal upfront was to support the new Tractor Supply credit card reward program and build customer acquisition in our core, year-round categories. With this promotion, we were able to drive significant excitement for our new 5% PLCC rewards offer, growing sign-ups for the card and reinforcing a sense of urgency on the limited time of this promotion. It was just 5 days. We were successful in acquiring over 50,000 new pet customers during the event, 25,000 customers that appeared as new to our Tractor Supply file and 25,000 existing Tractor Supply customers that had previously not purchased Pet in our stores. In addition, these new campaigns have things of outreach, such as replenishment reminders and postpurchase follow-up for our pet customers. These are just recent examples of things we've initiated across our loyalty program. 
We are managing our customer data to not only target our current Tractor Supply customers but also finding new look-alike customers through social media channels. We've messaged to these customers where they are most likely to purchase in the categories that we are targeting. And with our new technology and the use of artificial intelligence, we can optimize individual messages that resonate with each individual customer. We now have the ability to create relevant and customized messages for our customers and that's transforming our marketing initiatives and that will improve our overall effectiveness and spend. 
Our Neighbor's Club membership growth continues to be transformational and a growing asset to drive brand loyalty. With strong 1 year retention rates, our customer feedback continues to be overwhelmingly positive. And the rollout of Stockyard kiosks allows us to provide customers with a long tail of product assortment as we have now nearly 130,000 SKUs on our website. At the store level, the Stockyard kiosk are a proven tool for driving incremental sales. The rollout of these kiosks, along with the expansion of mobile point-of-sale, has now been implemented in the majority of our store base. 
The Tractor Supply credit card offering supports our ONETractor strategy by driving sales and building loyalty. We continue to see the use of our private label credit card increase across the board as we offer more compelling financing offers and our data supports the credit card customers that visit our stores more frequently and have a higher average spend. We continued to invest in the private label credit card program and have enhanced our rewards program to our Tractor Supply credit card holders. Cardholders now are able to earn $5 in Neighbor's Club rewards for every $100 they spend on the card, essentially a 5% reward. Over time, we anticipate that this will become a key tool to deepen the relationship with our customers, drive loyalty, and most importantly, increase our share of wallet. 
So now let me briefly highlight a few merchandising initiatives. From a strategic perspective, exclusive brands are an important part of our overall merchandise offering. Our goal is to provide quality products at a value price across good, better and best segments of our business and to build loyalty with our customers. We have exciting plans for product line extensions, new categories and refreshed packaging across our exclusive brands. 
For example, during the third quarter, we introduced a new workwear exclusive brand labeled Ridgecut. We recognized that we have an opportunity to close the gap in our assortments in the workwear category. The Ridgecut product line is designed for exceptional quality and durability with an outstanding value proposition versus the national brand comparison. While still early, the Ridgecut brand is exceeding our expectations and it is being well received by our customers who are finding the value and quality of Ridgecut unmatched. 
Further exclusive brand initiatives include: New SKUs and packaging in our 4health dog food brand; expansion of the equine feed and treats; and an exciting lineup of pet supplies from MuttNation in partnership with country music singer, Miranda Lambert. 
In addition to exclusive brands, we are also committed to offering leading national brands across product categories that are relevant to our customers. Looking ahead, we are very excited about the national launch of select models of Toro products. They being the leader in the outdoor power equipment sector, this will include for us zero turn mowers, walk behind mowers and portable power equipment both in-store and online beginning in spring of 2020. 
We are committed to continually growing and investing in our stores and product offerings to meet the everyday needs of this rural lifestyle customer. A similar philosophy drives The Toro Company with its commitment to developing innovative products that help customers increase efficiency and productivity on their land. Given this shared commitment to customers and overall strategic alignment, this new partnership provides a meaningful opportunity for both companies to strengthen our positions as premier providers of outdoor products. 
So to wrap up our conversation this morning, with fall coming to an end and the winter season rapidly approaching, we are prepared in-store and online with seasonally relevant product offerings to meet our customers' needs. I want to thank the more than 33,000 team members across the company in both Tractor Supply and Petsense for a solid Q3 performance and for the dedication and hard work as they meet the needs of our every day Out Here lifestyle customer. 
And with that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions.

Zack, I'm going to throw that question over to Kurt this morning and let him give you some thoughts and I may follow-up with a comment or 2.

Yes. Peter, it was designed to do 2 things. One was it was a -- an event that [ Ellie Compton ] event from a week earlier. So [ we had ] changed the constitution of the event and said, "You know, last year's event was good, but how can you refresh it?" So we refreshed it. We also tied it into the launch of the 5% back or the $5 for every $100 with the cards. So we felt like we had a much more compelling offer. So we shifted both things to the latter part of the quarter. And as we ran that promotion, we tightened up the number of items that were going to be in the promotion as well. We went from an 8-page to a 4-page. We really consolidated down and said let's put more effort behind fewer things and see if we can drive footsteps and also increase our penetration on the card. And it worked out beautifully. It played out exactly the way we wanted. And we were very happy with the results. So it was not an additional event by any means. It was just a different way of repackaging an event that was a week earlier from last year.

Yes. Let me -- Peter, let's -- let me address first your question about need. As you probably know, there were a number of things that I had passed on to Steve, probably a good 18 months or so before the decision was made that he was not the candidate. And so that's just really kind of rescinded back to me. I'm having a lot of fun with it, to be very honest with you, you know I've got a lot of direct reports. It's a lot of fun to be -- have both feet back into the business and such. And it's been really good for me and good for the team to be honest. So there's really no gaps. I filled the gaps. 
I've also got Seth here and others, a bunch in this group. As you know, they're very talented merchants, very talented marketers, good team in general and we're moving forward. So that's to address that. 
The second piece here is what's the Board really looking for? Yes, there's a lot of emphasis out there today on how you're using data and using information differently to drive your business as a retailer. And I think some of the things that we talked about as a board, being a part of that board, is can we find someone that has some deep background there that has spent some time maybe in that space also has crossed in between physical retail and digital retail and combine those 2 together to bring more to the table here at Tractor and help us accelerate that side of the business. But as I said, this is the highest priority for the board right now. We are not in any big rush. We're making sure that we're doing the due diligence to find the right leader for this company. We want this to be a very seamless transition. I am committed to stay here as long as I need to be to make sure that, that transition goes well. We have responsibilities to our shareholders, the investment community, the company a whole and we're going to make sure we do this right. And as I said, it's really business as usual maybe us pushing a little harder right now since I've jumped back into that component. But I'm feeling very good about the process and where we are.

Chuck, let me add one thing. It all starts with the product. And our customers rely on us to have the things that they need in stock when they make either the trip to us physically or when they shop with us online. So if you think back to the ONETractor strategy, it was all built around the having -- building the capabilities to be able to meet that customers' needs, as Kurt said earlier, when they need the product. And it is different by quarter, it's different by year. But what we built into this company now is a supply chain that has that nimbleness and ability to move within the 49 states that we do business and address those customers' needs in a way that most of our competition can't. So it is really an incredible part of the business. It's a strength of ours. And it really all starts with having the product, when they need it, and at the price they expect and meeting their demands. Because they are going to be different year to year and that's not easy stuff. It's difficult to do, but we've been able to accomplish that.

Chuck, let me give a little insight as to what we look for. Back in the former recession, what we noticed early on was a change in purchasing patterns. Customers not making as many trips to the store, number one. Number two, we saw them instead of buying in premium product and then, I'll call it national branded feeds, we saw them shifting back into our brands and feeds because they were a better value. We're not seeing any of that right now. We're not seeing any change at all. The actual customer count and our transaction count and average transaction was up almost $1 this quarter. So we are very pleased with our, call it, the core business of our company looks -- and this core customer looks to be very much intact. So I don't -- we're not seeing any indications at this point of any slowdown from that standpoint. And again, I think, if there's something on the horizon, it'll look a little different probably than last time. But we'll see the indicators first and we'll be the first to share them with you.

Okay, Chuck. Let me break that out for you a little bit to say that number one, there is a model that we use for store location, and it is very robust. It has about 60 inputs. It has been refined 4 times since I've been here at the company. And if you place a store where the model tells you to place a store, it performs and it typically either achieves or over achieves its pro forma expectation. So it's a very sophisticated model. It also has, like I said, many inputs and that helps us look at not only putting a store, it may be in an area where there may be other stores. But possibly wanting to take a little bit of the pressure off of some higher volume stores through some cannibalization that's intended to do just that. 
Ironically, when we do those things, we find that over a period of several years, the stores that we intentionally cannibalized seem to reach back to a fairly normal level, maybe at a prior level where they were and now we've just taken and added another $3 million or $4 million worth of volume in that same market. We've grown the market. 
So there's a lot of time and effort that's put into choosing a store location. The second thing as far is relocations. We don't do as many of those year-to-year as we probably are doing new stores now. But if you look at the retail market within a certain geographic space, we're replacing a store, sometimes in some of these small communities, the retail sector or the retail path will shift from east to west or north to south in a small town. And one of the reasons we like to lease our locations versus purchase them is because it gives us the availability to be able to move that store when those types of things happen. I'm not going to be sitting with basically a piece of real estate that has no value. So we'll probably do less than 10 to 12 relocations a year, most of those are those types of movements. Sometimes it may be one town over from where we were. But generally right now we're still putting in new store base, still adding, like I said -- still use of the model and very pleased with the continued performance of the new stores.