Thank you, Meredith, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, I will cover a high-level overview of the current environment, give an update on our strategy and highlight some of the actions we're taking to improve the sustainability of our business. Scott will then review second quarter financials, provide updates on our balance sheet and cost-saving initiatives and review our outlook. I want to reaffirm that the safety and welfare of our people is our highest priority at Albemarle. 
Our core values always define how we operate, but even more so in the difficult situations we face today. During the pandemic, we have been able to continue to operate because we care about the welfare of each other. We humbly acknowledge that this crisis is not about us, but about everyone, and we show integrity by doing the right thing. Thankfully, the pandemic has not materially impacted our operations to date. I deeply appreciate the courage and continued support of the frontline essential workers in our communities and our dedicated Albemarle employees who continue to ensure safe operations at our facilities and offices worldwide. At this point in time, we have had relatively few diagnosed individuals out of our more than 5,600 global employees. Using our exposure protocol, we have traced the contact path for any confirmed case among employees and have isolated colleagues as needed. We are staying in close contact with impacted employees to monitor their welfare, we are grateful that previously diagnosed employees have recovered or are recovering as expected. 
In areas where we are seeing unfavorable trends, such as Chile and parts of the U.S., we are extending work from home requirements for nonessential workers and working closely with our manufacturing sites to ensure safe operations can continue. At many of our locations, nonessential employees have returned to work. We continue to be in close contact with site teams to support them in a healthy and safe return process. Our global cross-functional COVID response team continues to meet weekly to mitigate the impact to our operations and manage the impacts to customer demand. 
Turning to recent results. Yesterday, we released second quarter financials, including net income of $86 million or $0.80 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $185 million, down 29% from prior year. However, I'm pleased to say that these results were at the high end of our previous outlook, thanks to better-than-expected performance in lithium and in bromine. 
Our primary capital priorities continued to be paying dividends to shareholders, preserving our investment-grade credit rating and maintaining our long-term growth profile. To that end, during the quarter, we announced a dividend of $0.385 per share, in line with the prior quarter and up 5% from last year. We continue to maintain adequate financial flexibility with liquidity of $1.5 billion, and our previously announced cost-saving initiatives are also on track. 
At a high level, Albemarle's strategy has not materially changed. We will invest in and grow our lithium business, and we will fund lithium growth with cash flows from our more mature businesses. Historically, we've actively managed our portfolio to generate shareholder value and will continue to do so. We will also maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation. The difference is that the COVID-19 pandemic has pushed lithium growth out by at least 1 year, while also impacting near-term cash flow from our other businesses. Our response is to broaden and accelerate our focus on operational discipline to continuously raise the bar on performance. And specifically, manufacturing excellence to drive best-in-class cost management and product quality with a relentless focus on safety, standard work, continuous improvement and the application of lean principles across our manufacturing operations. 
In business excellence to deliver exceptional value and service to our customers and to capture profitable, high-value opportunities through tailored value propositions and optimized business processes and resources, so customer-facing as well as back office and capital project excellence to effectively manage capacity to demand through the use of standard, reliable designs and disciplined planning and process management. 
We know that being profitable and doing what's right are not at odds with each other. We expect to do both well, and our sustainability framework is our guide. In terms of our people and workplace, we continue to advance and promote inclusion and diversity across our organization. Last year, we added 2 highly experienced female board members. Currently, 50% of our directors represent gender and racial diversity, which broadens the range of prospective experiences and insights we can leverage to benefit our organization. 
Recent events of discrimination and violence against black citizens in our communities remind us that we need to work much harder to fight racism. As a result, we've introduced a multipronged strategy to refocus our inclusion and diversity efforts from the bottom-up as well as the top down. Current activities include the addition of a dedicated senior inclusion and diversity leader, unconscious bias training for leaders and incorporating inclusion and diversity into the onboarding process for all new employees. 
We are also focused on responsible natural resource management. Water management is an important sustainability objective for Albemarle and to continue to grow its imperative that we manage water efficiently. One example of this is that our facility in Magnolia, Arkansas, one of the world's largest bromine and bromine chemical sites. Magnolia uses an artificial marsh as a unique water treatment facility. 
We are actively collaborating, engaging with our communities. Our lithium operations at the Solarda, Atacama in Chile, works closely with the local community to promote environmental stewardship and foster the community's long-term development. We share a percentage of our revenue with local indigenous communities and more than 35% of our employees in the region are indigenous. 
Finally, our sustainability business model helps create long-term value for all shareholders. For example, about 50% of our catalyst revenues are from products that reduce SOx and NOx emissions to produce cleaner transportation fuels. In 2019, the use of our catalyst prevented the release of about 10 million tons of sulfur into the environment. 
In the coming weeks, we will publish an updated sustainability report to provide increased transparency and disclosure around these and other important topics, as discussed at our Investor Day late last year. 
We are excited about the progress we've made on sustainability, but we also recognize that sustainability is, by its nature, a long-term journey. In 2021 and beyond, our focus will shift from setting the baseline on sustainability performance to goal setting and continuous improvement. With that as a backdrop, I'll turn it over to Scott for more detail on our recent results.

Thanks, Scott. As we all know, economic conditions remain very challenging. Albemarle is an industry leader in all three of our core businesses. We believe in the long-term growth prospects of these businesses, but our immediate challenge is to manage through this crisis. In the meantime, we will focus on controlling what we can control. That means, first and foremost, working hard to keep our people safe. It also means building operational discipline to improve cost and efficiency to deliver exceptional value and service and to optimize our capital spending. We remain confident in our strategy, and we will modify execution of that strategy to further position Albemarle for success.

Yes, so -- yes, this is Kent. Yes, so that's the magic question. And it's going to depend on volume, right? As volume comes back and the market gets tighter, but we know there's inventory in the supply chain. It's going to take a little bit of additional volume to work that off before prices move. So that's the inflection that we're looking for, but it's too early for us to call that.

So I'll start with that, and then Eric can fill in the details to the extent we can. So we've said and we still believe kind of the demand profile has been pushed out by about a year. So and so we don't think kind of the long-term demand is affected, but the curve has changed, probably steepened, but it's been pushed out a year during this. And we continue to watch the forecast and how the EV penetration happens around the world to see if it changes that profile. But today, we believe it's the -- kind of the curve 4, 5 years out. The volume is the same. Curve is a little steeper to get there and starts about a year later.

Yes. So we continue to look for those opportunities, but they're going to be bolt-on, nothing dramatic. And -- but I would say it's probably fair to say that process has slowed down, but we continue to look for opportunities in the down market, and that would probably -- most likely be around lithium conversion assets that were available in the markets where we find that attractive.

Yes. I'll take the cost of idling. It's relatively small. So these are smaller plants with a relatively small workforce. So really, in total, less than $10 million to actually idle the plant itself. And Eric, if you want to just talk about utilization and recovery.

So again, I'll comment on that. And Eric can fill in if I miss the piece on lithium. So as we said before, we really don't think it's changed the dynamic for the EV market long term. So we kind of fundamentally believe in the EV market and the lithium demand that's going to go into that. So the one thing that has happened, I guess, that is quite different is their incentives becoming -- they're becoming more incentives associated with electric vehicles, and that's primarily in Europe. That's probably -- it's going to drive that a little differently than it was before. So previously, you didn't have the dip, but the curve was a year earlier. The demand coming out now you've got a dip, but comes back a little stronger, primarily on those incentives. And trying to figure out exactly what that curve looks like. We just -- we don't know. And regardless of incentives and the demand that's going to happen. I mean, the consumers still have to buy cars, and that's the fundamental thing we don't really know. And I think the people forecasting that don't know as well. So Eric, anything on top of that?

Yes. And then on your catalyst question, kind of the same approach. I'll do a high level, Raphael can fill in. But -- so oil prices are down and then the miles driven are pretty dramatic change. And you could see on that slide, I think it was Slide 12, how dramatic that was, the miles driven. And that's changed that. We don't really see it changing the fundamentals of that business long term, but it is going to take some time for that to come back. Before people go back to work and commute, and maybe they don't commute as much as they did after this. There's maybe less miles driven, maybe more vacation by driving rather than flying. But then again, that's air travel. So we think that's been pushed out for some period of time, but peak oil probably it doesn't change. We knew that was coming. In some period of time, has that been pulled forward by a little bit, we don't know that. Most of the forecast say maybe a year, maybe not. So I don't think it fundamentally changes the business that we have. Clean fuels continue to be important. Our businesses are based on innovation around clean fuels. So we don't think it fundamentally changes it or structurally changes it, but it might change kind of the dynamics of where our markets are geographically and which of our customers do better, do worse during this.

Yes. I would say that security and how our customers look out a year or 2 and looking for guaranteed supply out in that time frame is part of that dynamic. And we -- but we're seeing it as a portfolio with the percentage, and there'll be those long-term contracts, but with slightly different terms across the portfolio. Some would guaranteed promises of supply a couple of years out and some without that. And some more spot based and others more contracted with a formula that may indicate spot, but not move with spot.

Well, we had said last quarter, we've kind of slowed down the execution of those -- of our 2 big projects, La Negra III,  IV and Kemerton. And so that really hasn't changed. We've slowed that down basically because we see demand being pushed out that gap. And we did that to kind of preserve cash, but it also matches what we see as supply demand. And obviously, given the discussion you've seen today, we're -- we've got our forecast, and we have our view, but it's a bit of a shot in the dark. But we see volume to your question from La Negra III and IV capacity coming on late next year and then the qualification period after that.