Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. I'll start today's call by providing a review of the operational and financial highlights for the first quarter 2018 and a few comments regarding our ONETractor strategy initiative. Steve will take you through several of the merchandising and marketing highlights, and Kurt will provide additional detail regarding our financial results and our financial outlook for the year. And then following that, we will open the call for questions.
As I've said already, we are very pleased with how the team managed through the first quarter, and we successfully controlled those elements that were in our control.
Our results were driven by a broad-based strength across all geographic regions as well as increases in both comparable store transactions and average ticket. And all 4 merchandising divisions achieved positive comp sales in the quarter.
Our first quarter results represent the third consecutive quarter of comp store sales running above a 3% comp. In addition, we achieved these sales results despite less than ideal conditions over the course of the first quarter given the late arrival of spring -- of the spring season across many of our markets.
As we have consistently shared with you over the years, we believe that our business should be viewed across the halves, not the individual quarters given the impact seasonality can have on where our sales will develop by quarter. Although we have continued to experience unseasonably cool weather in many of our markets thus far in April, I'm pleased with our merchandise sales and current traffic trends in markets where we have experienced warmer springlike conditions.
With a strong in-stock position and a strong product assortment, I am confident we are well positioned to capitalize on the spring/summer selling season still ahead of us.
We know our customers look to Tractor Supply for their everyday basic needs in living the rural lifestyle. We also understand that the continued convergence of our physical and digital storefronts and the updates to our in-store and online shopping experience are attractive, defensible and are resonating with our customers.
So now let me touch on a few highlights for the first quarter as compared to the first quarter last year. Comparable store sales increased 3.7% in the first quarter with both transaction count and average ticket increasing in the quarter. This quarter marks 39 out of 40 quarters that our customer traffic count has been positive.
Net sales increased 7.6% to $1.68 billion for the quarter as we continued our strategy to open new stores at both Tractor Supply and Petsense. Diluted EPS was $0.57, an increase of 24%. And we returned $191 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and cash dividends in the quarter.
And based upon our performance year-to-date, we are confirming our full year financial guidance.
Now let's look at some of the operational highlights for the quarter. We celebrated the opening of our 1,700th Tractor Supply store in Mocksville, North Carolina. We opened 15 new Tractor Supply stores and 4 Petsense locations, including Petsense's first entry into Florida this quarter. We increased our Neighbor's Club loyalty program, now over 7.6 million members, an increase of more than 400% since the national launch in April of last year. This quarter marks our 23rd consecutive quarter of strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business.
And during the quarter, we continued to experience exceptional growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store program exceeding our expectations. Between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to stores, nearly 70% of our e-commerce orders are being fulfilled at our stores. And our stores continue to play a key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. We believe that our new capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, mobile POS, Neighbor's Club and Stockyard ordering position us uniquely to serve this customer base better than anyone in this incredibly fragmented market. And we see significant opportunities to broaden our customer base and increase our market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time.
As we've stated, our ONETractor strategy is clearly aligned around 4 objectives: driving profitable growth; building customer-centric engagement; offering the most relevant products and services to our customers; and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities. We are building solid momentum behind our ONETractor strategy, and we believe this will ultimately drive momentum for stronger sales and profit growth in the coming years.
We continue to take a balanced approach to managing our business keeping the long-term in focus. In 2018, our capital spending is prioritized to new stores with an increase of capital dedicated to our customer insight and store-level service initiatives as well as our supply chain.
As we shared with you last quarter, our recent update to our real estate modeling process continues to support the potential for upwards of 2,500 Tractor Supply locations over time, and we continue to be pleased with our new store productivity and returns. For 2018, we are on track to open 80 new Tractor stores and 20 new Petsense store locations.
Our progress is resonating with our customers as evidenced by our sales growth and our outstanding ranking in a new ForeSee survey. Based on data from more than 40,000 shoppers across store, web and mobile experiences assessing how likely they are to recommend a given retailer, our website ranked #1 out of 50 retail websites included in this survey, something we're really proud of.
So as we evolve as a company, I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us well to meet the unique preferences our customers have for demand-driven, immediate-need products in an easy and seamless shopping experience.
With that being said, I'll now turn the call over to Steve for more details regarding several of our merchandising and marketing initiatives.

Thank you, Kurt. And what I'd like to say is thank you, and I'd like to reinforce how appreciative I am of our entire team's efforts during the first quarter of 2018.
Our more than 28,000 team members bring our mission and values to life every day as they serve our Out Here lifestyle customers. We have a wonderful business, which addresses a unique niche, operated by exceptional team members. And I am proud to be on their team.
With that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions.

Michael, I'll take that one, and Steve may do a little follow on. We talk about being the most dependable supplier. And in the first quarter, we clearly saw an extension of the winter selling season. So being nimble with our supply chain, we were able to, I will call it this, reload and address many of those needs as they moved through that quarter. And those footsteps are generated by people who need what we sell. So having that inventory available and being able to react appropriately, I think is what drove the footsteps. The C.U.E. business continued to perform well. When you've got that type of weather, you're going to see your food and feed businesses accelerate as well as forage. So I would tell you being in-stock, being there for our customer is probably what, I would say, drove the footsteps. Steve, unless there's something you want to add?

I think we would say yes because our plans are, as you saw, we were about 1% up in inventory in total, which would relatively mean flat. But it's the investment in the right inventory that we've done, I think, a remarkable job with over the years. We want a tight ship, but we also want one that's very directed to the needs of the customer by the regions of the country. So I don't anticipate any slowdown, I really don't.

Yes, let me go and start with that, Matt. What I would tell you is when we got through the first 4 weeks of the year, we were feeling pretty good about the way that the sales cycle looked and figuring what we had already put behind us and with a normal spring, I think we probably would have actually exceeded the comp sales that we had for Q1. If you look at March specifically, Tractor Supply has done a really nice job building out a cold weather business up north. And as that business kind of stayed up there, I will tell you that I can't say that we traded sales between spring and north equally, I think we gave up some opportunity quite frankly on the upside when it came to the spring season from the northern part of the country. Although we were able to get some benefit from keeping and being nimble on a lot of the cold weather products and working with our vendors to make sure we were spoonfeeding those stores up north to capture every possible sale that we could. At the same time, if you look at the southern part of the country, March didn't play all that bad. We were able to get some benefit from a lot of the southern parts of the U.S. Unfortunately, it just wasn't enough to offset the lack of spring that we had up north. Now as we look forward, what I can tell you is, is we've been through plenty of cycles here at Tractor Supply Company, weather is a factor when you support a customer that lives out here. And we anticipate that the grass will grow up north and it will get warmer, and we're prepared to capture those sales. The big question, for me having been through many of these cycles, is how many of those will we capture here in Q2 and will there be any prolong or spillover into the early part of third quarter. That's the one thing for the northern tier right now that we're watching very closely. And we're making sure that our supply chain and our vendors are ready to strike if that is the case.

Scott, there's multiple ways to look at ROIC from a standpoint of how it incorporates into either a direct correlation or indirect correlation to compensation. We have always looked at it as a component of, not a singular component to itself. And we have a very robust, as you know, process for allocation of capital. It's been very time tested, and it's been productive. But when you look at the overall performance of any company, if you look at 1 or 2 individual measures, I think you start to look at the short side of what really drives the company. And when we look at our measurements behind our compensation program, they are designed for performance. You know you don't -- you have to perform to pay. And so, yes, ROIC is an element. It's discussed. It isn't a singular item that we look at, but it is part of the conversation that we have every year. And net income, to me, is one of the better factors to look at because I can start to manipulate if I was one of the members of the management, certain elements, ROIC could be one. There could be others. I like to look at the culmination of the entire package and say listen, at the bottom line, net income of the company is what the shareholder's also interested in. And we believe the package the way it's structured, delivers the right results. It's been time tested. And I don't see any need and reason to change at this point. Kurt, do you want to have any comments?

Yes. Let me just say that I want to reiterate that the business model here at Tractor Supply is solid. And we're excited about the growth prospects, not only for this year, but for years to come. As we have shared with you, we do have a solid plan, and we have the ability to become flexible and nimble with how the business can develop over the year based upon our position of strength and how we believe we can take more market share as we focus on creating longer-term shareholder value for the company and for our shareholders. So with that, if you have any other further questions, Mary Winn will be available afterwards. We thank you for your interest in Tractor Supply. And we look forward to talking to all of you very soon.