Hey, thanks, David. The fourth quarter marked our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EBITDA growth, ending what was the most profitable year in the history of Albemarle. 
In 2018, net sales were up 13%; adjusted EBITDA, up 17%; and adjusted EPS, up 23% versus the prior year on a pro forma basis, all of our reported segments contributing with each delivering double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth on a percentage basis. And our EBITDA margin for the year was right at 30%, highlighting the quality of our businesses.
2018 was also another step forward in the 4-pronged strategy that we laid out at our 2017 Investor Day. As you can see on Pages 5 and 6 of our earnings presentation, we continued to make progress in each of our focus areas. Lithium delivered 19% year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth in 2018, and our major capital investments in Lithium remain on track to ensure that growth continues well into the future.
We addressed some debottlenecks at La Negra II during the year, and we were able to operate near nameplate rates by year-end. 
In 2019, we expect to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate in La Negra in spite of the significant rain event in the Salar de Atacama in January and February of this year that will cost us about 3,000 metric tons of production in 2019, all of which will occur in the first half. 
La Negra III and IV, which will increase lithium carbonate capacity in Chile to a total of 85,000 metric tons, remains on track to begin commissioning in 2020. 
In Xinyu, China, we achieved mechanical completion and started commissioning activities of the 20,000 metric ton lithium hydroxide expansion, taking our total China capacity to 35,000 metric tons annually. Earlier this year, we shipped battery-grade qualification samples from Xinyu, and that team has exceeded each commissioning milestone to date. While it's still early, we expect this site to meet its production goals for 2019.
In January, we began the site work related to the lithium hydroxide complex in Kemerton, Western Australia. This complex, which should be the largest lithium hydroxide complex in the world when fully built out, will use spodumene concentrate from Talison as a feedstock. The first phase of the complex will be 3 trains of 20,000 to 25,000 metric tons capacity each, with the ability to add 2 additional trains over time if market demands require such additional capacity. The commissioning of this site is expected to start in stages during the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022. 
Finally, the expansion of Talison, our spodumene joint venture in Greenbushes, Australia remains on schedule to be commissioned in the second quarter of 2019. That expansion will result in a total production of about 160,000 metric tons on an LCE full year run-rate basis, with Albemarle's annual share being 80,000 metric tons on an LCE basis. 
Each of our other businesses maximized their returns in 2018. Bromine and Catalysts delivered double-digit percent year-on-year adjusted EBITDA growth on a pro forma basis and provided the cash flow needed to fund the capital expansions in Lithium. The tetrabrom expansion, which came online at JBC midyear in 2018, provides low-cost production flexibility between our JBC and Magnolia sites. This expansion will also enable us to manage bromine allocation and derivative production more efficiently and profitably.
Additionally, on January 1, we successfully implemented the first of 4 deployments of a new global ERP platform. This platform will be fully implemented by year-end and will give us the tools to be much more efficient and effective in our end-to-end business processes. We continue to assess our portfolio of business and other resource opportunities. 
In April, we closed on the sale of our Polyolefin Catalyst and Components business to W.R. Grace. In December, we exercised an $18 million option to acquire 100% ownership of a lithium brine resource in Antofalla, Argentina. We believe this asset has the potential to be the largest Lithium resource in Argentina.
We also completed a drilling program at our hard rock site in Kings Mountain, North Carolina, to allow us to more fully characterize that opportunity. Both of these assets will be kept available for development in the future based upon market demand. 
Also in December, we signed a definitive agreement to form a lithium hydroxide joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited. We made the necessary regulatory filings and pending those approvals, expect to close the transaction in the second half of 2019. This transaction will combine the mining and operational expertise of MRL with our lithium hydroxide production and marketing expertise. 
Albemarle will have exclusive marketing rights for all  spodumene and lithium hydroxide produced by the joint venture. This will allow Albemarle to continue to support our customers' growth under our long-term agreements with increased volumes and provides for an effective channel to market for this capacity addition.
Finally, in 2008 [sic] [ 2018 ], we stayed committed to our discipline capital allocation strategy. We increased our dividend to $145 million, repurchased $0.5 billion worth of stock, invested $700 million in CapEx, primarily in pursuit of our lithium growth plan, and still completed the year with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.2x.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Thanks, Scott. By now you've probably heard some mixed messages on other earnings calls about the economic uncertainty for 2019. The fact of the matter is that the EV supply chain has not lived through a general automotive slowdown, so there is no past experience on which to rely. It's also a fact that Bromine is the Albemarle business that historically has felt the impact from an economic slowdown the earliest and the most intensely. To date, we have seen no evidence of a slowdown in the order pattern from our customers across our businesses, but we do have some customers in Bromine who indicate they are watching the second half carefully. With that in mind, let me try to frame up our business outlook for 2019.
In Lithium, 2019 is a volume story, and our 2019 production is almost fully committed under our long-term contracts. There was a significant rain event in the Atacama in January and February. The resulting dilution in the pond system will likely cost us about 3,000 metric tons of production during the first half of the year, but we're still expecting volume growth of over 20,000 metric tons from 2018, with 10,000 to 15,000 metric tons coming from internal production and the rest from tolling. We would expect to see flat to inflationary pricing trends with any variant from that coming as a result of customer mix. We expect Lithium adjusted EBITDA to increase by a little more than 20% year-over-year. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA will increase through the year as we recover from the rain event in Chile and qualify lithium hydroxide from Xinyu II with customers and ramp production and sales. Adjusted EBITDA margins should exceed 40%, but could be below 2018 levels, largely due to increased tolling volumes to support customer demand and startup costs related to Xinyu II.
For Bromine, we expect 2019 performance to be about flat compared to 2018. Demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives is expected to remain stable despite some caution coming out of the construction, automotive and electronics markets for the second half. We expect Catalysts to be about flat year-over-year with adjusted EBITDA in the second half somewhat stronger than in the first. 
Refinery Solutions (sic) [ Refining Solutions ] is expected to provide mid-single-digit percentage adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding the onetime settlement of about $9 million received during 2018. FCC catalysts are expected to continue to benefit from strong demand, high utilization rates and an improved product mix with increased sales of our max propylene product line. 
We also expect a similar trend in clean fuels technologies during 2019, particularly in distillates and FCC pretreat units. The growth in Refinery Solutions (sic) [ Refining Solutions ] is expected to be largely offset by a decline in PCS during 2019 due to pricing pressures and the loss of a large customer contract, which contributed about $11 million in EBITDA in 2018.
When we add all of this together, we expect pro forma net sales growth in the range of 9% to 15%. Adjusted EBITDA should range from just over $1 billion, up to $1.14 billion. We expect overall corporate adjusted EBITDA margins of around 30%. This would result in adjusted diluted earnings per share of between $6.10 and $6.50, a pro forma growth rate of $0.12 to $0.20 (sic) [ 12% to 20% ] over 2018. 
With the new Lithium capacity weighted to the back half of the year, the rain event in the Salar and the Catalysts shipments weighted to the second half, we currently expect the cadence of earnings to ramp through the year with growth in the second half stronger than the first. And we expect the first quarter of 2019 to be about equal to the first quarter 2018. As always, normal fluctuations in our business could have an impact on quarterly results.
As we close, we have a clear and simple strategy, and we are well positioned for growth in the short, medium and long term. We've outlined our growth plan well into the next decade, driven by capacity expansions in Lithium and steady profits and cash flow from our other businesses. 
Now it's all a matter of execution, and I believe that we have the people, the tools and the financial flexibility to be able to execute successfully and deliver stakeholder returns now and well into the future.
I have never been more excited about the potential I see in our employees, in our businesses and the opportunities I see for our stakeholders.

This is Luke. We've got 2 regulatory filings that we have made, one in Australia and one in China. We expect to get those approvals, but that's always a condition of a closing, John. So that's an open item. And I would expect that the Wodgina Phase 2, it would be sequential. It would come after the Phase 1.

Well, first of all, we're starting with a better feedstock because we are taking the Talison rock, which is the best spodumene concentrate in the world and we've got it dialed in. We also have the process engineers from around the globe that have a history with operating within the Lithium business. So we have an advantage there, but it starts with the feedstock and it rolls into the know-how of how we developed the design as well as improvements we've made since we purchased Xinyu.

We've got a marketing plan that we are working with right now. Some of it, obviously, we'll toll and we will work to place that volume with strategic converters in the marketplace. So -- and one other thing I just want to be clear is that you talked about the share of Talison. We -- I'm sorry, the share of MRL. We have marketing rights to 100% of that. We will market all of the spodumene, not just a portion of it.

Yes, that's a lot of questions. What I'd say is this. If you look around and you look at the announcements that have been issued over the last month or so, as we've always said, it's harder to bring this capacity online. It's one thing to issue a press release, it's another thing to go out and raise a little money. It's more difficult to do it. So I think what you are going to see is you will continue to see, in the long run, the big players, the Albemarles, the SQMs, Tianqi, the Ganfens. Those are the ones that are going to have to expand to bring this capacity online with the know-how of how to do it and the time frame they can do it with the volume that's going to meet the big customers out there to meet that demand. As you look out long term, the market tightens up, is our belief. We believe there'll be enough to meet demand, but it's going to be tight. And in some instances, like we talked about in 2019, there's going to be a little bit of overhang. There's going to be some overhang of spodumene rock, and carbonate could be long in some applications in 2019. That's going to burn off. And what you are going to see is the markets are going to continue to tighten up, and I did some research on new technologies that come into the marketplace. And if you look at every new technology and you go back and look what the demand forecast was, every year when they came out a new demand, it always got higher and the curve got steeper. And I think that's what we are going to see. I think that we've got realistic, but probably overly conservative demand outlook out there. So I think we are going to be, in the long run, fairly tight. That's why it's so important for us have resources on the balance sheet that we control that we can execute additional capital to bring it to the market if we see the demand out there. If we don't, we just got resources for the future.

And what I'd point to you on that is the strategy of the long-term agreements really comes into play when you have a situation like we have today. We are very confident in what our pricing model is going to be for 2019. We are very confident in the demand. We are very confident in being able to place the volume that we can produce in 2019 with customers under long-term agreements at set prices.

It's around 75,000 to 80,000, I think. Is that right, Scott?

Yes, that's right. So was around 75,000 to 80,000, and we ought to be up around at least 20,000 metric tons in 2019. About 10,000 to 15,000 of that coming from internal production and the rest of it coming from tolling.

Well, you have to put in whatever you've got as your lithium carbonate sales price and -- just because it will all be carbonate. Multiply that by 3,000, you will get a revenue number. And then whatever you got for our margins is not dissimilar from what our overall margins are, so that would get you to the EBITDA number. So you are probably not far off.

Yes, I think the 2020, you wouldn't see that much of a -- not a significant ramp in 2020 because we're starting commissioning activities. So what you would see there would be commissioning in 2020 and see a bigger ramp in 2021 from La Negra III and IV. Let us get through this year and see where that commissioning comes and you'll see it. What I would expect next year is we wouldn't we be able to run La Negra I and II at full flat-out rates, which ought to give us about 45,000, at that kind of level, 44,000, 45,000, something like that. And we will certainly not will be able to run Xinyu II at full rates this year because we are just doing qualifications right now. So you will see an additional, I would expect, nameplate next year out of Xinyu. And then we'll get some for La Negra III, but not a significant ramp. But let us get through the year. Let us get more time in on the mechanical completion of III and IV and the commissioning, and we'll have more data to you towards the middle to the end of the year.

Yes, we haven't seen a significant change, so slight change up from what we talked about and what we presented in the third quarter. I think that was as of November. We gave you an update. It's relatively similar to what it was then. What I would say is there are more discussions going on, on additional volume than we had at that time, but no material new contracts that have been signed.

We've laid out a plan on Kemerton. That was a build or buy decision. So we made a decision at that point in time with what we saw it was better for us to move forward in Western Australia as opposed to attempting to acquire a converter. So we always look to see what options we have that would accelerate, derisk our strategy and drive a better return, and we'll continue to do that.

It's not baked in because we haven't closed the deal yet.

First of all, it's got nothing to do with Talison. What this is, is after we take the Talison spodumene concentrate, and we look to convert that to lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to meet the demand that we promised our customers. When we don't have that conversion capacity, we have to toll it. And what we're seeing is the actual cost being charged by the toller is up and the amount of volume that we are having to have tolled is up, so that puts downward pressure on our margins as you move more volume through that.

I think if you listened to one of the earlier questions, Kevin, I think in the short term that  spodumene, right, going into China is probably going to be converted into lithium carbonate. So I don't see 3,000 to 6,000 met tons across -- it will be soaked up. I mean, somebody will be able to supply it. So could it have an impact on price for those people who are out there, short term, trying to move some carbonate short term? It could. But for us, we don't look at it that way. We look at it the impact of -- on our long-term agreements don't see any, and we still have a number of conversations going on with customers who are interested in those long-term agreements, so I don't see an impact in that at all as well. We just got to be able to produce the volume. 2019 is a volume story. So if we can't produce in the stall, we've got to go get a toll to produce it and we've got to replace it. And that may mean total volume, which would be lower margins and push our margins down a little bit, but overall, we're going to be -- we still believe all of that is within the range of the estimates that we provided to you today.

Yes, this is Luke. We did reach an agreement with CORFO and it related to the price in the terms, how it would be calculated. And so we've got an agreement. We are comfortable with it. It's figured into our short, medium and long term analysis and forecast and it doesn't change our view of the market, our profitability on Chile in any way.

Yes, any downside that we see today, we've included it in the downside piece of the earnings to the extent that changes in the course of the year because you're right, Bromine is the first business we have that normally feels that pressure. We'll obviously update everybody.