Hey, thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on the call today. In the second quarter, excluding currency impacts, Albemarle grew revenue and adjusted EBITDA by 6% and adjusted diluted EPS by 20% compared to the second quarter of 2018. Volume and pricing contribute to the year-over-year growth in lithium and bromine while pricing was up year-over-year in catalysts. Scott will go into more detail on our quarterly performance and outlook for the rest of the year in a minute.
I want to focus my comments on why we are adjusting our lithium capital expansion plans to significantly reduce capital expenditures in the medium term. The potential impact of EV subsidy changes in China, possible shifts in cathode chemistry, excess inventory held in spots along the supply chain and the current oversupply of lithium carbonate in the market has caused some caution in the energy storage value chain. All of this has put downward pressure on price, and we expect to see this pressure on carbonate pricing continue in the near term, but we also expect supply/demand dynamics to tighten in 2020.
We have always stated that we would add production capacity to meet demand. As you can see on Page 8 of our earnings presentation, Albemarle has decided to delay all work related to planning, engineering and construction of approximately 125,000 metric tons of previously announced additional conversion capacity. We anticipate that these changes will reduce our capital expenditures by approximately $1.5 billion over the next 5 years and allow Albemarle to become free cash flow positive in 2021.
As part of this strategic pivot, we recently announced amendments to the transaction with MRL. The joint venture will now be owned 60% by Albemarle and 40% by MRL. Albemarle will pay $820 million in cash and contribute a 40% interest in the 50,000-tonne lithium hydroxide facility currently under construction by Albemarle in Kemerton, Western Australia. This facility is still on track to be commissioned in stages, commencing in the first half of 2021. We had previously announced that the first phase at Kemerton would be a 75,000 metric ton hydroxide facility, but we are scaling the total capacity back to 50,000 metric tons at this time. The Wodgina mine will still have the ability to support at least 100,000 met tons of lithium hydroxide. However, any additional conversion capacity expansions in this joint venture will be based on market dynamics, and we would expect a lower capital intensity per metric ton of capacity. 
This transaction still unites the mining expertise of MRL with the lithium expertise of Albemarle. And the modification accelerates the joint venture's ability to bring lithium hydroxide to the market. Albemarle will continue to have responsibility for marketing all of the product produced by this joint venture.
In China, our 20,000 met ton Xinyu II lithium hydroxide facility continues to ramp production and is on pace to reach the full capacity run rate by year-end. With several large customer qualifications complete, we continue to anticipate meaningful sales growth supported by this facility during the second half of 2019.
In Chile, our 2 existing operating units in La Negra remain on track to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate this year. The 40,000 tonnes of La Negra III and IV remains on schedule for completion in the first quarter of 2021. Based on what we are seeing in the carbonate market and to better manage our cash flow, we have decided to delay all work on the Salar yield improvement project at this time. This will likely limit our ability to operate La Negra III and IV at nameplate capacity initially and will delay our ability to build a safety stock of concentrated brine for a rain event or similar issue. However, we are confident we will still be able to meet our commitments to our carbonate contract customers.
While we are pulling back on previously announced conversion capacity expansions, I want to point out that Albemarle has access to the best lithium resources in the world; the Salar de Atacama, Greenbushes in Australia; and, upon closing the MRL transaction, Wodgina. No other lithium company can match the quality, size or diversity of those resources. Albemarle will be cash flow positive in 2021, and our balance sheet will get stronger and stronger as we grow EBITDA and operational cash flow over the next few years. This will give us the flexibility when market conditions dictate to build or buy additional conversion capacity that will use feedstock from the world's best lithium resources.
In closing, as we promised we would do, we are adjusting our capital expansion plans to respond to market conditions. We will still be able to meet all of our commitments to our contracted customers, but we'll reduce capital expenditures significantly in the medium term, allowing Albemarle to be free cash flow positive in 2021. We have access to large, high-quality, low-cost lithium resources and the financial flexibility to build or buy conversion capacity in the future if doing so creates value for our stakeholders. In short, we are well positioned for and excited about the future.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Yes, we can hear you.

Yes. Great question. If you look, what you see is we are building out Kemerton, which would add another 50,000 met tons of lithium hydroxide. And then in the chart, we show that we are assuming we will build out another 50,000 metric tons with our partner, MRL, once that deal closes. So that will reduce the capital that we will have to expend for that next 50,000 metric ton of capacity. We're essentially sharing that capacity with our partner. So we believe that when we look at the demand, that it would be out further past that 2021 time frame where we would have to commit any more capital. So we're very comfortable with the free cash flow number that we say and being free cash flow positive in 2021. And then as our EBITDA grows, we will selectively buy or build additional capacity if the market demands it at a lower capital intensity than what we are seeing today.

Yes. Upon the closing of that transaction, we'll work with MRL to determine the best approach on that spodumene. But it certainly appears to us today that the market is adequately supplied with spodumene today.

Under the Talison agreements, we have the rights to 50% of the offtake, and our partner, Tianqi, has the rights to 50% of that offtake, so that won't change in any way going forward, David. I'm not quite sure I understand the question.

No. That'll be used with Wodgina rock. We would expect to do that, but we certainly have flexibility to allow us in the future to -- with these resources to do whatever makes the most sense from a financial perspective.

Yes. I have no way of knowing what our peers in the industry will do, first of all. What we are looking at is we have always told our stakeholders that we were going to invest capital to meet our contracted customers' demand where we could get an attractive return on invested capital. And our stakeholders have been clear. When I talk to shareholders, the #1 thing I hear is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive? It's critical that we adjust our capital to allow us to meet our stakeholders' demand while at the same time driving towards a positive free cash flow. And we put a stake in the ground that we're going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. We believe that will create more value for our stakeholders, and we will have the financial flexibility, if the market conditions call for it, to build or buy additional conversion capacity to meet any increased needs in the market.

Scott, you have that number off the top of your head?

Yes, we'll get back to you with that number. I don't have it off the top of my head. What we did was we went in and looked exactly what we were taking it down. I can tell you by -- we looked at '19 being right around $1 billion, '20 being right around $1 billion and then '21 dropping to around $500 million or so or something like that. Am I right, Scott?

Yes. So it's about $300 million to $400 million drop, so -- in that 1 year alone. So we'll get that number for you. I'm sorry, I don't have it off the top of my head, Jeff.

Yes, Jeff, certainly can. First of all, we will still have the capability out in the years to either buy or build additional capacity if that's met. I don't -- you should not view this in any way as seen that we don't believe demand is still going to be where it is. We're still bullish on demand. We're at, I think, 1 million metric tons, in that range, by 2025. And we still see that based on all of the data that we have coming in. So it's not demand. 
From an actual dollar perspective, I think it's too soon to say whether there's going to be a reduction in EBITDA or not. When the supply/demand has got to have an impact, you -- one would think over time on price. What this will do at 1 million metric tons is it will reduce our market share unless we build more over time. So while it's not on demand, I understand how you do the math on the EBITDA and earnings, but I'm not 100 -- I'm not ready to concede that point yet. If you'll -- we're just going to need to let see how this plays out.
But I want to be clear, we're going to meet the commitments that we have to our customers. We're going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. As we go out through the years and our EBITDA and our volumes do grow, you will continue to see us generate significant free cash flow, and we'll have the balance sheet and the flexibility to invest, either in buying or building additional conversion capacity if it means it makes sense to our stakeholders. And that's probably -- once we say go, if we're building it, it's probably 24 to 36 months.

Well, you're assuming that I'm selling it. And I'm not saying that they were going to sell it. So we're not going to be more exposed to spodumene rock. We're not going to sell it if there's not a market for it.

I'm saying we will discuss -- after the deal closes, we will discuss with MRL what the best approach is to take on the spodumene rock from that mine.

It doesn't have anything to do with Australia, although I will say -- and it's clear, if you're going to build an asset in China versus you're going to build an asset in Australia, you've got a much higher capital intensity in Australia. It'd be the same thing if you built something in the U.S. You've got a higher capital intensity than you do in China. But what we're delaying is simply what we had on the drawing board, and we're taking that capacity out. And you ought to not read anything more than that into it.

Yes. Bob, this is Luke. As a leader in the lithium business, we feel like we need to put a stake in the ground, and that's what we're doing. We're pivoting our strategy to address the major concern we hear from our shareholders, which is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive? We're going to do -- we're going to be free cash flow positive in 2021, and we're still going to be able to meet the commitments we have to our customers. And we will also have the flexibility in the future using the world's best resources to build or buy additional conversion capacity. 
So don't hear me -- please don't hear me say that I'm willing to cede share or I'm happy with a lower EBITDA or I'm not looking for earnings growth. Don't hear any of that. What you ought to hear is we're going to be very responsible in how we are managing our cash to drive shareholder value and meet our customers' demand.

Yes. I'm going to let Eric talk about that. But I think you've got to separate it between what you're seeing today in carbonate and what you're seeing today in hydroxide from a battery grade standpoint, okay? So Eric?

I mean, Bob, that's the question, is as these contracts enter, we've got to look to see, is a steady price, a set price on that minimum volume the way it makes sense? Or do we go to a band of pricing? How are we going to do this in this evolving market? And that's something that there is a significant amount of focus on, not only internally with Albemarle but on discussion with our major customers, the major battery suppliers and some automotive OEMs because what we're seeing today is that buying decision is moving further to the right of that supply chain. And we are engaged in those discussions at the right levels, and we're going to hopefully reach an arrangement that makes sense for us and for our stakeholders and allows our customers to also meet their demands that they have to the OEMs. That's our goal.

Yes. I think we always intended to bring that capacity on. As 2021 is when we would have mechanical completion in the first quarter, we have to have 4 to 6 months' worth of qualifications. So I wouldn't expect much in 2021. We always talk about bringing these units on 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. So we're confident we can still bring that on. And we could probably have the Salar yield online and have the brine ready for -- by 2023 when we'd need that last 1/3 of that project there. So I would look at it as 15,000, 15,000, 10,000, something like that, something in that range.

Yes. That's a great question. They were running an auction, and it was going to get sold. If you go back to the very beginning of it, MRL was running a process, we were engaged in the process, it was a top-tier asset. If you take Talison out of the equation, you take out Greenbushes, that is the best rock resource in the world. The -- when you look at Wodgina, the size of that resource, the purity of that resource and the skill that MRL brings to the table from a mining standpoint and, I believe, from a capital execution standpoint that can help us, it just made for a perfect fit. Ultimately, you're going to need that volume, and we thought it was best that we had it. We saw it as a good asset. And now when we've restructured it, we have 60% of that joint venture. So that gives us some rise that we didn't have in the past. 
So all in all, quality asset. We're going to use that rock for Kemerton. We will also partner with MRL on our next installment of capital, which will further reduce our capital outlay and still allow us to meet our customer demand. So quality resource, quality people, ability to reduce our capital outlay and still have 100,000 met tons' worth of lithium hydroxide coming onboard, it all makes sense to us from a return standpoint.

Yes. No, this is nothing involved with the government. Our quota system is fine. There have been no changes in any of the regulatory issues and no changes with any of our contracts. This is purely a decision where we saw an opportunity to delay the implementation of capital to allow us to get free cash flow positive more quickly than we were. So we decided that we were going to take the step to do that. Because when we calculate it, we believe we can still meet all of the commitments we've made to the carbonate customers that we have under contract. 
So it's all about free cash flow, has nothing to do in any way -- our relations with the government in Chile are fine.

No. We -- for return on invested capital, we still shoot for 2x our weighted average cost of capital for return. That's what -- and that's always been the case, and we continue to see that as our case. 
As what we're looking for, for our customers, at -- if people are going to sell carbonate at the cash costs of that marginal producer, it doesn't make sense for us to add new capacity, and we won't. We can -- because of our position in Chile, because of our cost position in Chile, we can still make very good margins at that level. But we don't see the need to put new capacity in the ground. 
So it all comes down to what's the pricing going to be, how is that pricing going to be, how are the contracts coming with the customers, what or how are those going to evolve over time. And those are all decisions that need to be made in the context of a company that needs to make a commitment to our stakeholders on free cash flow, which we're doing.

Yes. I think as we look at -- as we look out into 2020 and you start looking across our portfolio, we've been operating -- bromine has grown almost double digits for 3 or 4 years in a row. That's not happened before. And we can see some weakness in automotive. We can see some weakness in construction. As we talked about, we've been able to reallocate that bromine molecule to date very successfully. 
So those continue to grow. But I don't know how much longer that's practical to expect that business to grow at that. So we are undertaking in the second half of the year a view of our overall costs in a way to try to reduce our overall costs and gain efficiencies going forward. And we'll share more of that with you at our December Investor Day presentation.

Yes. I think there's excess conversion capacity available today and there's more coming online. So I think that it's going to provide perhaps an opportunity for people that are interested in conversion assets. So as an integrated player with the best resources in the world, we believe that, that could be an opportunity for us. And we are always mindful of making sure we're getting the best return on the dollars we invest in that regard.

Yes. So we've made commitments to people out through 2025 in some instances. And in all of these scenarios, we're able to meet those commitments with the capacity that we've announced and that we have under construction today. And we know what the price is on those, and we're able to calculate the return based on what that capital is going to be. But we'll be able to meet everything that is under contract today. 
What we're doing now, again, is driving to a free cash flow positive in 2021 with the ability to flex up if necessary to build or buy additional capacity if the market demands it and if we have customers that are prepared to enter into contracts with us for those volumes that we will be producing. But we don't think it makes a whole lot of sense for us to build a lot of capacity if we're not going to have contracts that we can place against those or -- and it doesn't have to be the exact same contracts we have today. We just need to know within the range what that return is going to be, and we can make an intelligent economic decision about what that'll be. So if you see our long-term agreements change a little bit, all these agreements are a little bit different. What we're looking for is a -- not a guarantee but a surety of a return based upon the capital we put in the ground. 
But we're going to meet our commitments to our customers. We have enough. What -- this is a pivot to make sure that we're also focusing on free cash flow for our stakeholders, not just a potential for customers to come.

Yes, we can hear you now, buddy.

No, Dmitry. This is Luke. It's just a matter of the Australian market is heating up for construction. So you're seeing a lot of activity in mine. You're seeing a lot of activity in Australia. And they got a book of business that there is now -- they are kind of -- they got a good market. I mean they got a good seller's market. And what they're doing is if you wanted to get in line for the time that we wanted to get in line in the shops, we had to pay more upfront to get that preferred space in line, so we could get it to the market when we said we would in that time frame. So that's all it is. 
And the cost didn't -- the overall cost isn't changing. It's a matter of we're having to pay a little bit more upfront sooner than we originally thought we would. That's all it is. It's just a market heat-up. It's got nothing to do with Albemarle. It's not -- got nothing to do with lithium, in particular. It's the construction market in Australia.