Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We're here in cold Nashville. We're excited to update you in greater detail on our Life Out Here strategy that we first shared with you back in October 2020. As our year review video highlighted, we're just getting started. At Tractor Supply, we are very early on our journey to build on the momentum in our business and capture the tremendous growth opportunities that we see ahead of us. As we operated early through the early days of the pandemic back in 2020, we set our sights on ensuring that our business would emerge stronger than before. 
Today, our business has never been stronger. We have significant momentum, our team is executing at a high level, and our results demonstrate that our multiyear Life Out Here strategy is working. We're operating from a position of strength. We have a lot of exciting news and progress we want to share with you today. Kurt and I will take you through our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 results and review our outlook for 2022 before the team provides an update on our strategic priorities. 
Retail is ever evolving, but our most important strategic asset remains constant in our team members. They nurture our relationship with our customers, and they make us who we are and what we stand for as a company. As a purpose-driven company, our team members create a sense of community in our stores and with each other. Our 46,000 team members are passionate about Life Out Here. 
Over the last 22 months of the pandemic, they have lived our mission and values to ensure that Tractor Supply is the dependable supplier that our customers count on. This team has worked diligently with grit and determination to overcome the challenging operating environment. They've come together to support the increased sales volume through our DCs to our stores and online, welcome new customers into the lifestyle, onboarded new team members and navigated the supply chain disruptions. We've enhanced our IT capabilities and done so much more. My thanks goes out to their hard work and dedication to each other, our customers and the communities we call home. 
Thanks to the team, 2021 was a record year for our business as we successfully comped our record performance in 2020. And as we will share throughout today's presentation, we're benefiting from the many market trends that continue to be structurally sound. So let's recap a few of the milestones in 2021. We celebrated the opening of our 2,000th store in December right here in our home state of Tennessee. We announced the acquisition of Orscheln Farm and Home. And we remain committed to the acquisition, which continues to be reviewed by the FTC, and we hope to have an update soon. 
The strength in our customer base is supporting our market share gains across our categories. Our Neighbor's Club program is growing with membership up 24% year-over-year as we transition from an affinity program to a tier rewards program. We have robust retention rates and engagement, especially with our highest value tier members. We're committed to making Tractor Supply a household name. Through our targeted investments in marketing, we're seeing a remarkable increase of 21 points in our unaided brand awareness. 
We're also investing in our supply chain as we announced the first of 3 new distribution centers over the next 5 years. And in September, we announced new robust ESG goals to further reduce our carbon emissions from our operations as well as new diversity equity inclusion goals. And the team has done a remarkable job managing through the well-documented challenges across the global supply chain and dealt with an unprecedented level of inflation. We have tremendous strength, and it is broad-based. And now let me provide some specific color on our fourth quarter performance. 
Our comparable store sales grew a robust 12.7%, and this represents a 40% stack on a 2-year basis. Continuing the trend, we've had several quarters now. Every week was positive with broad-based strength across all regions and all categories. We believe we are significantly outpacing the industry in our growth and continuing to gain market share, both online and in-store. 
Inflation. It contributed over 850 basis points to comparable store sales as we navigated the ongoing cost pressures across the supply chain. Where necessary, we are taking price increases to pass through some of the cost pressures that we cannot offset. And our merchants and supply chain teams are currently navigating this challenging and disruptive environment extremely well and they're most focused on being that advocate for our customer to be everyday low price. As we closely monitor our customers' purchasing behaviors, we're focused on product unit trends, and as I said, we are committed to being priced right every day. 
Consumable, usable and edible products. They continue to perform well with comps above the chain average. These categories, as we discuss often are needs-based, demand-driven, and they drive trips to Tractor Supply. And key categories in our CUE area, dry dog food, livestock feed, equine health and pet treats were among some of the strongest categories that continue to perform very well. 
While we were comping exceptional strength in the fourth quarter of last year for our big ticket categories, we had double-digit growth again this quarter. Looking at the cadence for the quarter, December was modestly below October and November comp performance. And as a reminder, December was the warmest on record in 30-plus years. That said, we exited the quarter strong as weather normalized, and as we all know, January has started off quite cold. 
So to recap our sales performance, we had a remarkable year with consistency that gives us confidence that the trends we're experiencing are more structural in nature. The execution by our team has been excellent. Our store teams and distribution centers, along with our supply chain partners, have navigated another challenging year with outstanding execution of our operational playbook. We have faced every challenge head on, focused on controlling what we control, all the while staying true to being the dependable supplier for the Out Here lifestyle.  
The strength and diversity of our comp growth in 2021 on top of our record results in 2020 is very compelling. As evidenced in our share gains, the health of our customer continues to be very robust. All customer segments had strong growth with the fastest growth in our core farm and ranch segment. We continue to see stellar performance from our highest spending customers. Our retention rates remain higher than historical standards, and it's even higher from our Neighbor's Club members. 1 in 5 or 20% of our new customers came to Tractor Supply through our digital channels in the fourth quarter, reinforcing the importance of the investments we're making in this area. We are supercharging how we serve customers with convenience and meeting them how they want to engage with us. 
To recap, we're experiencing more customers shopping us than ever before. They're visiting us more frequently. And when they come to shop with us, whether it's in our stores or online, they're spending more money per trip. Throughout the team's upcoming presentations today, you will learn much more about our plans to continue to build on this positive momentum that we have with our customers. Before we get to the update on our Life Out Here strategy, Kurt will go through some of the key highlights of our fourth quarter and share more details around our 2022 financial outlook. Kurt?

Thanks, Kurt. Wow, what a, again, outstanding 2021 on top of a record 2020. The team did a great job, they did just fantastic. All right.  Let's transition out of a typical earnings dialogue and look to the future. We have a very bright past with more than 83 years of serving Life Out Here. We're coming off a record 2 years of performance. But from our point of view, we're just getting started. We believe Tractor Supply is well positioned for a bright future. We're in the early stages of the next transformation of Tractor Supply. This transformation should allow us to both grow our top line and earnings sustainably over a long period of time while operating at a higher margin profile.
Given the robust growth of our stores and online that have experienced, we've had a step function change in our business that is evident in our market share gains, sales growth and profitability. We're dedicated to investing and to continue strengthening our position in the marketplace and separate ourselves from our competition. We're committed to creating sustainable value creation for all shareholders, for our team members, our customers, for the communities we call home, for our supply chain and vendor partners and, ultimately, our shareholders. 
The roots of our long history of growth were established in 1938 when C.E. Schmidt founded a mail order catalog for tractor parts. We opened our first store in Minot, North Dakota, the following year. We serve Life Out Here. We're focused on the needs of recreational farmers, ranchers and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle. 
As I mentioned earlier, in December, we celebrated our 2,000th store opening in White House, Tennessee. This is a testament to all of our team members who continue to support each other, our customers and our communities. Not many companies have gotten to this milestone. And I doubt C.E. Schmidt ever imagined this milestone when he started his tractor parts catalog business 83 years ago. 
Our mission and values are the foundation for our success. Our culture is shaped around our mission and values. We've lived by these principles for over 80 years, and we'll continue to do so for decades to come. Our mission and values help us in our business decisions, and they serve as guiding beacons to ensure we maintain course even in uncertain times. It is not something that you can put in a financial model, but it makes a huge difference on our bottom line. 
But they're more than that. Our mission and values are what you feel when you walk into one of our stores and talk with one of our team members. We're not like other retailers. We are a relationship retailer. Our customers are passionate about family, their land and animals and their communities. And they count on us, Tractor Supply, to be their dependable supplier. 
We're able to serve our customers so well because we know our customers so well. We hire our customers. Our team members are members of and representative of the community. They're experts in equine and welding, gardening and pets. They're involved in 4-H and FFA. Our team members are the largest and most important strategic asset of our company. And I encourage you all to visit us out here to experience it for yourself. 
At Tractor Supply, we are committed to preserving Life Out Here for future generations. 13 years ago, we launched our stewardship program. As ESG has emerged as the universal standard for good corporate citizenship, we've adapted our stewardship program to align with this direction. And over the past year, we've made significant progress in our ESG efforts. A few highlights include significantly reducing our energy and water consumption; materially increasing the gender and ethnic diversity of our Board, management executive committee and our overall team member population; conducting unconscious bias training for over 40,000 team members; and implementing a new 6-week paid parental leave policy for full-time salary and hourly team members. 
In September of 2021, we announced new robust goals to further reduce our carbon emissions as well as continue our progress on diversity, equity and inclusion. After exceeding our initial carbon reduction goals set in 2018, Tractor Supply established more aggressive commitments. By 2025, we will reduce our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 20% from what they were in 2020. By 2030, we will reduce those emissions by 50%. And by 2040, we're committed to achieving net 0 emissions across all our operations. 
Over the past 2 years, we've rallied around the theme of stronger together and made material investments to accelerate our initiatives for DE&I. Recently, we announced a 5-year goal to support and advance underrepresented groups across our workforce, vendors, suppliers and communities. 
Our commitment to being a good corporate citizen has been broadly recognized. Recently, we were named to Investor Business Daily's 100 Best ESG Companies of 2021. Just yesterday, it was announced we were included in Bloomberg's Gender Equality Index. And today, it was announced that we received a perfect score from the Human Rights Council. We are committed to being a leader in ESG as this is authentic to our mission and values while also making great business sense. 
Over our rich 83-year history, this business has a strong track record of success, complemented by consistency and resiliency. Highlights include 30 consecutive years of revenue gain, 12 consecutive positive comp store sales growth and an average share price performance of 28.3% since the year 2000. And this ranks as the fourth best-performing stock in the S&P 500 over the last 21 years. Thank you to our investors for their confidence and we continue to strive to earn your trust and build on it. 
And today is all about that, the future of Tractor Supply. As demonstrated by the highlights of 2021 that you saw in our opening video, our business has never been stronger. Our team has done an outstanding job navigating the challenges in an ever-changing environment over the last 2 years. We're benefiting from many market trends that continue to be structurally sound. We have strengthened our customer base, and we're gaining market share across our categories. Importantly, our total addressable market has grown materially, and we see significant opportunities for organic growth as well as an increased number of new stores. And we will continue to invest from a position of strength to capture this growth through our Life Out Here strategy. 
Out here, Tractor Supply enjoys significant structural advantages. And these advantages have allowed us to gain substantial share over the past 2 years. Our unaided brand awareness is 55%. And that puts us among the best in retail and well above our farm and ranch competitors. With a network of over 2,000 stores and nearly $1 billion in digital business, supported by 8 million square feet across our distribution centers, we have a unique ability to serve our customers wherever and however they choose to shop. We believe no other rural lifestyle retailer provides a comparable experience. And we have deep relationships with our vendors and in many cases are their largest customer. 
Our Neighbor's Club program has 23.6 million members. It is engineered to drive customer behavior, and it is the foundation for a sophisticated marketing platform and enables deep customer insights. Our brand, scale, our supply chain, our digital capabilities, our loyalty program, all in combination creates significant and enduring strategic advantages for our business. 
Our structural advantages are the result of long-term investments in the foundation of our business and the deep-seated values embedded in our culture. These roots have enabled us to adapt in the face of the pandemic and the ripple effects of other impacts like the tight labor market, unprecedented inflation and supply chain challenges that are impacting our industry. At the same time, broad-based macro category trends towards self-reliance, world revitalization, pet adoption, homesteading, these things are benefiting our business. 
And when you add to that, the acceleration of trip consolidation as people are shopping single retailers more, you think about the adoption of digital trends and you put all these themes together and they're working to our advantage as customers value us for our proximity as a one-stop shop [ grows ]. These lifestyle changes are accompanied by long-term commitments by our customer to care for and maintain their land and animals. We believe these trends have staying power and are structurally and substantially sound. These changes align with our investments in the business and dovetail well with our strategic positioning as the dependable supplier for Life Out Here. 
And as the dependable supplier for Life Out Here, we offer a wide assortment for our customers' lifestyle. Our total addressable market is large and growing, and it's heavily fragmented. 
In 2019, we estimated the total addressable market for Tractor Supply to be about $110 billion. And we shared that with you in October of 2020. Today, we estimate our addressable market to be much larger at $180 billion. The tailwinds and structural changes that we just outlined earlier contributed an estimated $30 billion increase in the TAM. And that's a 25% growth over the past 2 years in our market. But by comparison, if you look at our business, we grew 50% over the past 2 years and consequently gained significant share in this market. 
Now in addition to our core market, we've expanded our TAM by over $40 billion given our investments and initiatives like Project Fusion and Side Lot, which have expanded our category offerings in areas like pet and lawn and garden. With a market share of about 7% of this $180 billion market, we see substantial opportunity for growth in an increasingly attractive market, both deepening our relationship with our current customers as well as reaching new customers. 
Given our total addressable market growth, continued strong performance of our new stores and our strategic initiatives, we're revising our long-term store targets from 2,500 to 2,700 Tractor Supply stores in the United States. And we're excited to serve 700-plus more communities over the next decade. 
Of note, we view the Orscheln acquisition to be accretive to our overall store growth opportunity. Opening highly productive new stores is a core strength and competency of Tractor Supply. We continue to have strong new store productivity metrics, with performance outpacing our historical investment thesis. And our stores are profitable in year 1. With compelling returns, we continue to have significant runway for growth with high-return new stores. 
Given the attractiveness of our market, we're investing in growth through our Life Out Here strategy. We shared this strategy with you in the fall of 2020. And as a reminder, there are 5 pillars of our strategy, and they include deliver legendary customer experiences which focuses on driving greater traffic and increasing conversion; number two, advancing our ONETractor capabilities to reach new customers and deepen our connection with existing customers by offering a truly omnichannel experience; number three, operate The Tractor Way, which enhances the productivity and efficiency of our existing retail assets; number four, go the country mile for our team to ensure we continue to support and show our appreciation for our team members who drive our business every day; and then number five, generate healthy shareholder returns, which reinforces our commitment to effective stewardship of our shareholders' capital. 
To support these transformational growth initiatives, we increased our capital investments from $275 million in 2019 to over $600 million in 2021. We made excellent progress in year 1 of our strategy and are on track with our expectations. We continue to be very excited about our strategy given our customers' response, the performance of the key initiatives and the robust long-term growth prospects. 
Two key tenets of our Life Out Here strategy are the Fusion and Side Lot initiatives. They are designed to drive space productivity and sweat our existing assets. Project Fusion is a multiyear store remodel program that both revitalizes the store environment and introduces an improved layout and expanded offerings. These changes are designed with the customer and our team members in mind to drive productivity through areas like enhanced experiences like pet washes and wellness clinics, but operational improvements as well to better support growing demand, things like our feed rooms. Also, though, driving space allocation trade-offs such as the service desk, but also widening our assortment across departments like apparel and animal and tools. 
Complementing Project Fusion is the Side Lot initiative, which transforms and expands our existing outdoor side lot retail space to drive greater productivity and convenience with the addition of a garden center and a drive-through pickup lane to support our omnichannel technology investments. Importantly, these projects are delivering on the return expectations with material sales lifts, existing customer sentiment improvements and new customer acquisition. 
By 2026, nearly 100% of the store base will be in the Fusion layout, and 60% to 70% will have had executed the Side Lot initiative in it. By 2022, we plan to exit the year with nearly 30% of our chain in the Fusion layout and over 15% of our chain with Side Lot. And Seth will take us through a more detailed walk of these exciting transformations later in the presentation. 
Another key component of our Life Out Here strategy is the enhanced focus on customer service. This isn't just about training, but also about enabling our team members to spend more time with our customers. To accomplish this, we rolled out the FAST program, the Field Activity Support Team. And we started this program with 1,200 team members in late 2020. And we expanded it by another 200 in 2021 and plan to add 300 to 400 more team members in the first half of this year. 
This team's sole focus is on merchandising execution. And this specialization improves our store merchandising while simultaneously enabling our store team members to focus more time on customer service. And with over 95% on-time planogram completion, our stores have never looked better or been more shoppable for our customers. And this team enables improved store productivity and is funded significantly by our vendor partners. It's truly a winning, winning program for all of our stakeholders. And John will share more details on our initiatives to fuel our legendary customer service later on. 
Tractor Supply is fortunate to have a highly engaged and loyal customer base. Last year, as we discussed, we converted our Neighbor's Club from an affinity program to a tiered points-based reward program. Simply said, the more you spend, the more you save. And this conversion is resonating with our customers. And year-over-year, we've added 4.6 million new customers to the program, and we're seeing broad strength continuing across our customer base. 
More customers than ever are shopping at Tractor Supply. And these customers are making more trips and are spending more money per trip. We're experiencing strong retention of customers that have shopped us over the last 12 months. Our retention rates continue to run above our historical standards. And I'm excited for you to hear more customer insights and details on how we intend to continue to engage our new customers and drive retention of our existing customers from Christi. 
More than 5 years ago, we introduced our ONETractor strategy that drove significant progress in providing a seamless customer experience. Our focus on engaging with our customers anytime, anywhere and any way they choose has allowed us to reach nearly $1 billion in e-commerce sales last year. Our customer is deeply engaged with Tractor Supply. And this transformation is happening across the whole shopper journey. 
Our customer behaviors continue to evolve, embracing convenient ways of shopping with a continued preference for mobility. Since launching our mobile app in late 2020, we've had 2 million-plus downloads, with the app already a $100-plus million platform for us. We remain focused on introducing new capabilities, improving the shopping journey and ensuring we have scalable platforms. 
As we enter 2022, we are more excited than ever about the future of Tractor Supply. We see significant opportunity to continue to grow the business, expand our competitive moat and drive business productivity all the while creating value for our shareholders. 
As we've completed the rollout of FAST and Neighbor's Club, we freed up some bandwidth, and that's going to allow us to focus on 2 new initiatives as well as evolve the focus of our digital initiative. 
The first one is lead with legendary service. We consistently rank in the top 10% to 20% of retailers on customer service, right up there with the best of them. But our goal is to be #1. And we have all the assets to achieve it. We've got the right format, the right team, the right culture. And we have made and will be making investments in our team, in their technology and in their training. And you're going to hear more from John on our plans in this area in his presentation. 
Increasing mobile engagement. Mobile will be the next moat that we create around our business. We're going to convert our nearly 24 million Neighbor's Club members into power users. And Rob will share more highlights of our plans to accelerate our growth and achieve more than $2 billion in digital sales by 2026. 
Deliver on cue. We talked often about how important this business is to us. We have the #1 market share in bag feed, and we're in the top 5 in pet food. And given our growth in these categories over the past 2 years, we've increased cubic volume by 26% running through our stores compared to 2019. These are destination categories. And it is critical for us to ensure we have capacity for future growth and, importantly, that we are the lowest cost to serve in the market in these categories. And our supply chain is a critical differentiator for us to deliver on cue. And Colin will share more details on our ability to continue to widen the gap with our competition. 
Given our recent performance, and the significant opportunity that I've just outlined, we're updating our long-term guidance. Now we're maintaining our sales outlook of plus 6% to plus 7% in spite of a much higher base of sales. We're increasing our operating margin guidance to a range of 10.1% to 10.6%, and that's an increase from our previous guidance of 9% to 9.5%. We're also increasing the top end of our range for EPS growth to 11%. And notably, we're increasing our dividend payout to 40% while maintaining our commitment to share repurchases. And we're spending approximately $650 million annually of capital. These are aggressive but achievable targets that will create significant shareholder value over time. And Kurt will share more details as he focuses on our ability to deliver strong and sustainable total shareholder return. 
From our founding 83 years ago, Tractor Supply has proven to be a business model that has stood the test of time to be resilient and differentiated. This business has shown the ability to evolve over the years to reflect our customers' changing needs. And we're investing to continue to evolve and capture the significant opportunities for growth. And underpinning our strategy is an experienced retail team that knows retail and our culture and our team members, and they are passionate about the Out Here Lifestyle. 
As we enter year 2 of our multiyear Life Out Here strategy, our business is substantially stronger than before the pandemic. Our resilient and differentiated business model allows us to capitalize on the structural consumer trends, benefiting our business with a long runway of growth ahead of us. 
We have momentum in our business. And our results demonstrate that our multiyear Life Out Here strategy is working. We will continue to evolve our business from a position of strength. 
And with that, I'll turn it to the team to walk you through more detailed plans. Thanks so much.

Thanks, Kurt. We appreciate everyone in the audience spending the last couple of hours with us. As we transition to Q&A, I hope you found compelling the updates we shared with you today.
And a quick summary of the incremental news we discussed. One, we're capitalizing on the many macro structural benefits such as rural revitalization, self-reliance, homesteady and pet ownership. And we're investing in our capabilities like digital and loyalty to continue to widen our moat with the competition. 
Two, we provided an update to our long-term financial outlook that includes raising our operating margin to 10.1% to 10.6%. Three, we operate in a large, attractive and fragmented growing market that we now estimate to be $180 billion. Four, with our growing total addressable market and the vibrancy of our trade areas, we now see the opportunity for an additional 200 Tractor Supply stores, bringing our total store opportunity to 2,700 locations. 
Five, we had the financial flexibility to invest in our Life Out Here strategy and return capital to shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. Today, we announced our Board's approval to increase our quarterly dividend by 77%, and an additional share repurchase authorization of $2 billion. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy to create value for our shareholders. Tractor Supply has a deep history and a track record of success. We're coming off a record 2 years. We have compelling opportunities for continued growth and the team to execute.
The future, tomorrow, is bright for Tractor Supply. 
Thank you. Now we'll take a 5-minute break before we get to the Q&A segment. See you in a minute.
[Break]

Peter, and thanks for joining us today. Appreciate your question. If we look backwards last year, I just can't say enough about the fortitude and grit determination of the team to get 80 new stores open, to have 300-plus Fusion stores and over 150 Side Lot stores. And as you mentioned, given all the disruption from COVID as it relates to permitting and construction crews and the availability of things like fixtures and other materials. To be able to still achieve our goals from the beginning of the year, it's just a real tribute to that team.
In light of those issues, which we expect to persist for all of this year, we kind of kept our cadence for this year similar to last year, as we talked about a couple of hundred Fusion stores, around 150 Side Lot stores. And again, another 80 new stores. And then if you kind of -- all of our new stores also will be done with Fusion and many of our new stores also have garden centers. And then if you kind of take the balance, it will be really equally spread over the remaining 4 years as we lead to 2026. So that does assume a slight step-up in annual cadence from '23 and beyond.
On the returns, we are very -- continue to be very pleased with the returns of both Fusion and Side Lot. As we shared on our last earnings call, the Fusion-only stores are running in that kind of mid-single-digit comp once they get kind of the 12-month kind of cycle, maturity cycle. And then our combo stores are right at that kind of high single-digit comp. We're very excited that we've got about 150 stores in our Side Lot combos that will be hitting that 12-month mark right around the time Spring hits. So it's going to be a great opportunity for us to drive some sales and drive some share with those fresh stores.
On the TAM, we talked about in my presentation about adding $40 billion to our TAM. And that is dominantly lawn and gardening, kind of live goods. And it's a fresh category for us, and one we think is a great opportunity. Our customers qualitatively, as we talked about, I talked about it being the #1 category that they participate in that we least serve them in. And we're seeing great results as we talked about in the first cohort of stores.
On the cost, it's hard to get in individual store because there's so much nuance depending on the setup of the store and the age of the store. But roughly, the way to think about it is we took our capital from $300 million to $600 million, roughly. About $100 million of that is supply chain with a little technology. That leaves about a couple of hundred million left that involves our store investments. And then if you take the kind of 350 Fusion and Side Lot stores this year, you can kind of divide those into each other and get a sense. The range is anywhere from $0.5 million to $1 million a store that really just depending upon the nuances around that store. But again, really pleased with the return we're getting, strong return on investment capital, it's hitting all of our business cases. And as I said, we're really excited about having over 150 Side Lot stores open for business when we hit the spring garden season.

Yes. Zach, and I appreciate your question, and thanks for joining us today. I'd say 2 things. First off, kind of to clarify, high single-digit I think is kind of what we're on the record right now, around the 12-month mark for the combo stores. As it relates to the impact on comp, I think that's around -- that's roughly right. You take, call it, 9%, 10% lift on kind of 10% of the store base annually. And do the math, and that's about what the contributions should be. That's certainly baked into our guidance.
And as Kurt said, it's the thing that really gives us confidence in our guidance. And the last time we did an investor enhanced earnings call was in October 2020. We're roughly 35%, 40% bigger in revenue, right, larger revenues from that date. And yet, we're still holding to our 4% to 5% long-term comp growth and 6% to 7% revenue growth. And it is because of the investments we're making in the Side Lot and in Fusion. And in our other areas that we're confident, we're really going to go after that growth and drive those sales and that we can do that mid-single-digit comp on top of revenue growth of over 50% in the last 2 years.
And as we said, again, we're very excited about having well over 150 Side Lot stores open for business here in the Spring season, and we're getting even a better read on the impact that it can have on our business.

Absolutely, Steve. Thanks for your question. And I'll pass it over to Rob to address that. I appreciate it.

Yes, Scot. Thank so much for the question today. Appreciate you joining us for the event. And I'll toss it over to Christi to talk about our new customers and the customer insights we're seeing.

Yes. Michael, thanks for the question. I mean I think the math you provided is really kind of the math that our guidance reflect, is about 4 points of inflation in the year that will drive ticket up. Kind of a give back on ticket of a couple of points because of stimulus due to last year's kind of surge in big ticket, kind of netting to a couple of points. And then the balance of our comp range made up of comp transactions to kind of get there. So in kind of that 1% to 2% range on the comp transactions. And we feel very good about that formula. And we're committed to unit growth, and we're committed to comp transaction growth this year. And we gained substantial share over the past years we talked about. We think there's a big opportunity to continue to do that.
And then on deflation, I think there is a likely -- there's -- that's always out there. I think it's really unlikely for the foreseeable future for a variety of reasons. Dominantly that the majority of the inflation we've seen is, I think, structural in terms of the new levels that we're at, whether that's wages, many of the cost of goods, freight, imports. I think we're going to see a kind of a structural holding of a lot of those costs. I don't know if we will continue to see inflation, but I don't know we're going to see significant deflation on that certainly in the next 18, 24 months or so.
And the other thing I'd say is our past cycles on inflation, it's been really kind of the core commodities that drove it. And here, it's really across the board. I mean, we're seeing cost of goods increases due to wages, cost of goods due to steel, cost of goods due to other raw materials and our manufacturers' wages. So I think it's more structural in nature. The final thing I would leave is we have a lot more sophistication around our pricing tools and our competitive pricing engines that we had before. And so we're just a lot more sophisticated in the way we can navigate through that.
But regardless of how the environment evolves, I think we've shown our ability to be flexible, agile, deliver performance, stay priced in the market, continue to gain share and deliver results, and that's our commitment, whether it's an inflationary environment or a deflationary environment.

Yes. Chris, and good to speak with you today. And I'd say, first off, on pricing. I think the team has done a fantastic job navigating the cost environment, finding offsets to many of the inflation factors and productivity and efficiency. Also being that advocate for the customer on price and making sure we're staying price-right every single day.
And then where we have found it necessary and needed to, we have passed through price. I mean, to the tune of 7% price inflation in Q3 and 8.5% price inflation in Q4. I think our guidance, as we talked about, a 4% inflation for 2022 reflects kind of the higher single-digit price inflation through the first half starting to cycle that and settle back into low single digits in the second half.
If you look at all the puts and takes, I think there's more risk to the upside on our inflation assumption than there is to the downside. But the team will continue to navigate through that as we go forward. And remind me, Chris, the second part of the question?

Yes. It's something we certainly watch closely. Christi and the team have a number of ways that they monitor the health of our customer, whether it's quantitative and qualitative. I'd say, right now, the home market is really strong, right? There's less than 1 million homes that are available on the market around, I think, 900,000 last month. 1.6 million, 1.7 million new homes being built right now on an annualized basis. Existing home sales, well above $6 million. I think that's going to continue for really the next couple of years at a minimum, even in spite of interest rates. And even likely in spite of -- within reason, home prices. You just got a millennial generation that's now wanting to purchase homes. And I think in general, that's good for us.
So when people buy homes or transact around homes, it creates projects. It's a big project starter, and we see that in our business. And I think it's going to continue on. The consumer still has over $2 trillion of pent-up savings. I think the last month or 2, if you look at the data, they have started to tap into that a little bit. But there's runway certainly for the balance of this year as they draw down, so to speak, on those pent-up savings to drive the GDP growth that I think is being forecasted really across the country. And I think rural customers have navigated this environment better than the average kind of a consumer out there. And I think we're in a very favorable market as we head into 2022.

Scott, thanks so much for the question. And I think we're going to break that up into 2 parts with Seth, can maybe talk a little bit about the assortment and how we're evolving and much of that he shared in the video and kind of recap some of that. And then maybe John can talk a little bit about the experiences in our stores, whether it's Chick Days, pet watches, clinics and many of the other things, the 4-H and FFA type stuff that we do. But Seth, you want to hit the assortment expansion first?

Yes. Thanks so much Scott for the question. And as you were mentioning, just in wrap up here, we are literally pushing every corner of the store really into kind of a more modern, contemporary assortment, right? As Seth shared, expansion of power tools into kind of a really legitimate tool chorale, expansion of pet into a full-fledge pet offering, deepening our commitment around animal feed, expanding into live goods, bringing in services like pet watch. 
John has over 250 stores now doing delivery with our own trucks. So just so many things that we're pushing the envelope, so to speak, on every dimension of the store, all around just sweating our assets more, getting more productivity out of those stores and delivering those mid-single-digit comps. Our goal is to gain market share every single year to grow above GDP, to grow above retail and to grow above growth rates. And we think we've got an exciting plan to do that.

Yes, Kurt, do you want to share our capital allocation strategy and then talk about tuck-in acquisitions after that?

Brian, I'll break it into 3 buckets. First off, we talked about over the last few years, our market grew at about 25% in aggregate over those 2 years. And I think that does speak to all the structural trends that we've outlined and you implied in your question.
The second 2 things I'll highlight are really around investment. We've got substantial structural advantages in our digital business, in our Neighbor's Club, in our supply chain, in our store base and the way we train our team members. The technology we use inside of our stores for our team members like our Theatro headsets and our Honeywell handheld devices. And so -- and those are things that we have historically invested in and there are things we invested in over the last 2 years. 
It was mentioned earlier about our operating margins come up in the context of our sales, but perhaps not grown as much as some others out there. And the reason is because we put a lot of that expense back into the business, we kept our stores heavily staffed. We paid the appropriate wages, we invested in marketing, we invested in digital. And I think as we talked, we gained -- our sales grew over 50% over the last few years.
And it's really -- the reason we have been able to double the market growth rate is because we had the inventory in our stores. We had the people to service them. We had buy online, pick up in store when others didn't. We had a Neighbor's Club program talking to  those customers and bringing them back into the stores. We had a supply chain vendor partnerships that allow product to flow in a way that others couldn't. And once people over 2 years change their shopping behaviors, it's really quite infrequent for them to slip back unless we let them down.
The third thing is all the structural -- all the incremental investments we've made in our Life Out Here strategy, the Fusion stores, the garden center stores, all the incremental technology investments we made. Last year, we talked about mid-single digits on Fusion, double -- high single digits on the Side Lot combo stores. And that was only on 300 and 150 stores. So we are starting to see kind of the initial impact of those in our comps, and we're excited about those continuing to drive our business in the future. Plus it's holding on to those customers and having a higher sales base. But I kind of break it into those 3 buckets, structural trends driving the overall market, us being committed to operating with excellence in the midst of the last 2 years and then investing on top of that with that momentum to gain even more share.

Yes. So I'll take a unit potential question then turn it back to Kurt to talk about operating margin leverage. On the unit potential, what we have is -- John and the team have a very sophisticated kind of map of our country, kind of ZIP code by ZIP code. We know what the demand potential is. We know where our stores are, we know where competitive stores are. And we look at those void spaces that are in that map. We then take those void spaces and bounce them up against the financial model and say, does it create value if we put a store there? And historically, that analysis has led us to 2,500 stores.
Now with the growth in our market, that creates, one, some new void spaces. But also it makes some void spaces that were not previously financially attractive, more financially attractive now. As I mentioned, our new stores over the last 3 years have significantly outperformed their business case. Our new stores are profitable in the first year. And so the combination of those factors led us to take our new store target up from 2,500 to 2,700. And we feel very confident in that number. And hopefully, in a couple of years, there's more on top of that, but we feel very good about that number. And Kurt can talk about our operating margin leverage.

And Karen, the only thing I'd say is like in a really simple way for me is you've got revenue growth of kind of 6% to 7%. And then you got the EPS growth, which took us through 8% to 11%. And then you were buying a couple of percent of share back. So if you take those out, we're kind of growing EPS kind of 6% to 9% organically, which means earnings are going to grow kind of with sales or slightly better on an annualized basis on average. And which means kind of particularly after this next year or 2 cycle of investment, we'll grow kind of operating margin about 0.1 point a year, and that kind of leads you up to that 10.6%.

Yes. And I just -- to speak, Christi and the team are just doing an outstanding job. I think raising the awareness of our business, you're going from 34 points 2 years ago to 55 points now, that 21-point awareness increase, I think, has really helped kind of drive traffic into our stores. And then whether it's through line and product assortment or John and the team at customer service, that conversion in the store and then holding those customers. And that I think just continues to build on top of itself as we continue to grow that awareness and have that fantastic experience in our stores and online.
As it relates to the kind of operating margin algorithm. I think the way we think about it is very similar to the way we've talked about the last couple of years, which is we would see us continuing to kind of that 10.1% to 10.6%. Last year, we did a 10.3%. The year before that, it was a 10.1%. And the bulk of that gain was really in gross margin rate as we held SG&A kind of roughly flat.
As we think about the next few years, particularly once we get through this peak investment over this year and next year, I think gross margins will hold to maybe moderate some. And then the leverage is where we'll see will be in SG&A. And that's what kind of gives us that range between 10.1% and 10.6% with us creeping up towards the middle to higher end of the range as we get into the out years of the 5-year range.
And Seth and the team are doing a fantastic job navigating all the cost inflations that are coming through, offsetting it in ways they can and then passing through some on price. And then importantly, maintaining little to no promotions and then also little to no clearance. And the great thing is we list on last year, we were asking whether or not the little to no promotions could remain kind of structural in nature or whether or not that would creep back in.
And I think after a couple of years, really the behaviors in the market have evolved, particularly as we look at this year and continue to be constrained still in supply chain. So we feel really good about maintaining kind of little to no promotions as we look in the future and kind of stay core to our EDLP trip routes.

Oliver, I'll take that. First, I'll start by just talking about 2022 as a quick reminder, and then beyond that. So for 2022, what we've said is we plan and are targeting positive comp trend action and positive comp ticket. And ticket likely to lead more than transaction in 2022. Beyond 2022, while every year could be a bit different, what we think about it is it's really going to be pretty balanced. And if you refer back to some of the real drivers of our comps that we've talked about, you've got Fusion and Side Lot that are driving traffic into the store with new categories. They're also driving ticket, digital doing the same thing.
The work that John and Colin talked about on delivering on CUE legendary service. These types of things, we really see the strategic initiatives that we've got and the momentum in the business that in the 2023 to 2026 period of time is that we've got opportunity to be really balanced between both of those because these strategic initiatives are focused long term on driving market share, which means traffic, which means footsteps into the stores and clicks on the website.

Yes, Daniel, I'd start by saying, we've seen some modest increases in our turnover this year, certainly relative to last year when turnovers were at all-time lows. But I think we fared much better than most companies. One, first and foremost, because of our culture and our commitment to mission and values and all the things that John talked about earlier around our commitment to the communities and hiring our customers. And then secondly, we've made substantial investments in wages and benefits and other benefits over the last couple of years, which have served us well in terms of retention.
And then in terms of kind of flow through the business, our -- we're up substantially on CUE over the last couple of years. No one sells more animal feed and bag animal feed in the country than we do. We're one of the top retailers on pet food as well. And interestingly, on -- particularly on the pet side, our customers skew larger on their pets, right? So we sell more than anyone 50-pound bags of dog food. And certainly the vast majority of our animal food are 50-pound bags. And that's flow through, a lot of tonnage through. We are the lowest cost to serve all those in the market, we're committed to being the lowest cost to serve. We're committed to be able to be in stock on those. And that's really a lot of what Colin's presentation and focus is going to be on for the next couple of years, and I'll let him elaborate a bit on that.

Liz, yes, that's correct. All new stores are being built with the Fusion layouts. So -- and that was the case in 2021 and will be the case moving forward. As it relates to the garden center, it's really on a store-by-store basis, whether or not the store is built with a garden center, depends on what the market opportunity assessment tells us. What I would say is this year, in 2022, the vast majority of our new stores will have the garden center. And that's incremental to some of the guidance that we gave on our existing store base through the presentation.
And then as it relates to Petsense, we haven't had a chance to talk about that business today, but the business is doing very well. Matthew Rubin joined us last year about this time to lead the business, done an excellent job of kind of driving the business. They had an excellent year, strong sales growth and profit growth, a number of new stores built. We've made several elements of integration that are customer facing like we now sell for health branded food inside of Petsense. 
We're in the process of doing some things in terms of integration later in the year on Neighbor's Club and also some integration on branding. We're also taking our planogram software and now implement it back inside of Petsense. And we're also working on kind of a centralized inventory platform, whereas right now, the stores are done via kind of the individual store base.
And so a lot of work is going on to leverage the breadth of Tractor Supply to make Petsense better. The team has done a great job driving it. We've got a number of new stores that will be built for Petsense this year, and we're excited about the future of that business.

Yes, it's a great question. And I think we think about it the latter, that kind of long-term GDP, the country is kind of 2% to 3%. Our market typically maybe grows kind of 0.5 inch point above that, 2.5% to 3.5%, maybe ease up to 4%. With our comp guidance of 4% to 5%, we're certainly taking share in the markets that we're already in. And then the building of new stores just allows us to take incremental share on top of that. So it's a bit of a blend of the 2 scenarios you mentioned, but it's certainly taking share with our existing stores, growing that sales productivity. And then on top of that, also gaining it through both new store build-outs as well as digital.

First off, I'd start off by saying our pet business is incredibly strong. We talked about our CUE and its performance over the last handful of quarters, outcomping our overall store. And then we mentioned that pet, particularly dry dog food, is outperforming even our CUE business. Our pet business is very strong, both in-store and online.
And then we certainly want to make sure we're providing a full suite of services around that. And I'll let John talk a little bit about the dynamics and we have a pet watch or a pet clinic or a mobile clinic and how that plays out in our stores.

Yes. So pet watch is now kind of core component set outline of our Fusion stores. Really, the only time it's not going into a Fusion stores is when there's a legit kind of a real space limitation. So we see, over time, the vast majority of our stores having a pet watch. The mobile clinics, the vast majority of our stores already have mobile clinics. At a minimum, it's every 2 weeks, but there's a lot of our stores that had it twice a week. 
And then on the wellness clinics, that one I think is still a bit more in a testing mode for us. As Seth talked, we're in that kind of 50, 60 store range. We'll add some more this year through Fusion. But we're really excited about the benefits and the performance of those, and we'll look to do more as we see the performance over the next year or 2.