Thank you, Mary Winn, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. Overall, Tractor Supply had a very solid second quarter, which allowed for a strong first half performance for the company. Our second quarter results were driven by sales strength across all geographic regions as well as both in comparable average ticket and traffic. We saw broad-based strength across our merchandising categories with notable strength in our core year-round categories and solid sales growth in our spring and summer assortments. 
Our second quarter results represent the eighth consecutive quarter of comparable store sales above 3%. And during the quarter, the Tractor Supply team was very nimble across store operations, merchandising and our supply chain, which enabled us to capitalize on the shifting consumer demand for products across the many markets that we serve. At the same time, we were in-stock for our customers with our everyday basic assortments that we know our customers rely on us to have so that they may continue to live the Out Here lifestyle. 
Now that we are at the halfway mark of the year, we are updating our outlook for the full year. And as we enter the third quarter, we believe our merchandising and marketing initiatives, accompanied with our ONETractor strategy initiatives, have us well positioned to drive our business for the second half of the year. 
Now let me touch on a few highlights from the second quarter as compared to the second quarter a year ago. We delivered a strong comparable store sales increase of 3.2% in the second quarter with comp average ticket increasing 2.2% and transactions growing at 1% in the quarter. This marks over a decade of annual positive traffic growth. Net sales plus 6.3% to $2.4 billion for the quarter, as we continued our strategy to open new stores in both Tractor Supply and Petsense. Diluted EPS was $1.80, an increase of 6.5%. And year-to-date, we have returned $414 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. 
During the second quarter, as a demonstration of our confidence in our business, our Board increased our dividend by 12.9%. This marks the ninth consecutive year of dividend increases. In addition, our share repurchase authorization was increased by $1.5 billion as we remain committed to maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy to create long-term value for our shareholders. And based upon our performance year-to-date, we are raising the low end of our full year earnings guidance by $0.05, bringing our new range to $4.65 to $4.75 per share. 
Now let's review several of the operational highlights for the second quarter. We opened 15 new Tractor Supply stores and 2 Petsense locations. Our newest distribution center in Frankfort, New York received LEED Silver Certification from the U.S. Green Building Council, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable business practices. Our GURA and Hi Five programs, which were part of our unique selling process for our store teams, continue to drive sales through legendary customer service. This quarter, we continued strong double-digit sales growth in our e-commerce business and during the second quarter, we continued to experience solid growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store programs. 
Our customers appreciate the relevance of our stores in the rural community. And between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and direct delivery to stores, greater than 70% of our e-commerce orders are being fulfilled at our stores. This continues to illustrate the importance of our store assets and their key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. And more importantly, this is a very cost-effective way to fulfill our customers' orders for the products that they need with greater speed and efficiency. 
We believe that our capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, mobile point-of-sale, Neighbor's Club and Stockyard ordering position us uniquely to serve this customer base better than anyone else in this highly fragmented market. And we see significant opportunities to broaden our customer reach and increase our market share as our store base and digital capabilities mature over time. As we've said, our ONETractor strategy remains focused on 4 objectives:  driving profitable growth, building customer-centric engagement, offering the most relevant products and services and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities.
We are building a solid momentum behind our ONETractor strategy that serves our customers anytime, anywhere and any way they choose. And I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us to meet the unique preferences that our customers have for demand-driven, immediate need products in an easy and seamless shopping experience. 
We also believe that the continued convergence of our physical and digital storefronts and the updates to our in-store and online shopping experiences are not only resonating with our customers, but they are defensible. It is an exciting time for Tractor Supply, and as we grow larger, we believe, we have developed superior capabilities to better serve the Out Here lifestyle customer. Now let me turn the call over to Steve.

Thank you, Kurt. And in closing, I'd like to thank the nearly 30,000 team members across our entire organization for their commitment to our mission and values and their focus on delivering a great experience every day to our Out Here lifestyle customers. Their passion for living our culture is a competitive advantage for us. And while we've had a strong first half, we know we have much work to do to finish this year. As a team, we are energized about our business and look forward to talking to you again later this year regarding our third quarter results. 
And with that, Mary Winn, we'd now like to open the lines for questions.

Daniel, this is Greg. Let me address that one. If you've done the study of our business and the farm store business, you will know that most of these ag markets are in the upper Midwest of the country, there's some in Northern California, but primarily up in Midwest. Those areas, from a seasonal trend standpoint, had been softer due to tremendous amounts of moisture and probably, I would say a little bit more on the basis of elongated cool weather. And we anticipated that. And as the weather is now drying and as the weather is warming, we're seeing those areas of the country come back into the normal, we call it, normal performance of the business. But remember, we are not ag, directly ag related. A large production farming operations are not really who we address. We address the more, call it, casual individual who has some properties, some land and probably has a 2 or 3-acre garden. It's not [ the production site ] . So yes, we'll feel a little bit of that drag in those markets. But to be very honest with you, as the weather has warmed and things have improved [ to mitigate ] conditions of moisture, we're very pleased with what we're seeing in the business.

Well, this is Greg again. It's quite a bit different than the last cycle. But here's what I would tell you that there's been some modest level of commodity inflation, but not great. Steve mentioned about our retail price management programs, which helps us to make sure that we're pricing accordingly. We're not seeing any current waning in the oil markets, the rig counts and employment seem to be stable and oil is running around $60 a barrel, so really not a major consideration. It's more moderate today than it's ever been. I think the oil companies had a great [ learning a ] few years ago from what they experienced. And so geographically, it is somewhat limited now to say, I would say, the Western Texas corridor. So I think we're feeling pretty good about what we see and the performance of the business in those markets.