Thank you, Mary Winn, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. 
My thanks go out to the more than 45,000 Tractor Supply team members for their ongoing commitment to each other, our customers in the Out Here Lifestyle. The team has been through a lot together over the last 15 months as an essential needs-based retailer, including necessary but cumbersome health and safety measures, surge in volumes, the rollout of our Life Out Here strategy, supply chain disruptions, numerous digital investments and more.  The team has risen to each challenge to be there as the dependable supplier to our customers and the communities we call home. Thank you to the team for another great quarter. 
I would also like to say thank you to our vendor and supply chain partners as we work together to overcome the challenges in the global supply chain network. Together, we were able to support our customers as the dependable supplier for their Out Here Lifestyle.  
Over the first 12 months of the pandemic through the first quarter of 2021, our sales grew approximately 35% or $3 billion. In the second quarter of 2021, as we are now comping the comp, we are pleased this momentum and all the underlying trends have remained and continue to sustain. 
Looking at the second quarter, the Tractor Supply team delivered a very strong performance that exceeded our expectations as we achieved a 10.5% comparable store sales growth for the quarter and a 41% 2 years back. Our results proved yet again Tractor Supply's unique competitive advantages. Our relentless focus on being the dependable supplier for the Out Here Lifestyle is embedded in our purpose as a company. Our Life Out Here strategy is still in the early days, and we are seeing positive trends from our initiatives. We're excited by the momentum.  
We remain committed to investing in our team members as we believe they are a key competitive differentiator with our customers. Just last month, we increased pay for nearly 27,000 of our tenured hourly store team members and also raised our minimum wage to $11.25 per hour. Our team members continue to make Tractor Supply the special place that it is. Investing in our team members is not only the right thing to do, but it's also a way to recognize their role in driving our business forward.  
Now turning to our results for the second quarter of 2021. Our net sales grew approximately 13.4%. Comparable store sales grew 10.5% driven by a comparable average ticket increase of 6% and transaction count increase of 4.5%. Diluted earnings per share increased 10% to $3.19. Importantly, the underlying foundation of our business is robust. 
For the quarter, every week had positive comps. Our growth was broad-based across regions and product categories. We continue to gain share across all categories, online and in stores. For instance, in Q2, we experienced comparable store growth in our consumable, usable and edible categories that was well above our overall comparable store sales.  E-commerce recorded its largest ever quarter of sales. The work we have done over the last year to improve our e-commerce capabilities have certainly resonated with our customers. In just under a year, our mobile app already has more than 1.6 million downloads and now represents over 10% of our e-commerce sales. 
Given our strong performance year-to-date, coupled with our outlook for the balance of the year, we are raising our sales and earnings guidance for the year. Kurt will share more details on our revised outlook later in the call.  
Regarding our pending acquisition of Orscheln Farm and Home that we announced in February, we are working cooperatively with the SEC on their second request. We look forward to the benefits this transaction will offer customers with improved products and competitive pricing.  
We have previously shared key observations of our customer behaviors based on our market data and research, and I would like to update you on that today.  Overall, our customer metrics remain very healthy with both traffic and spending increasing at a balanced rate. So let's run through some of the insights that are most relevant.  
First, we are seeing broad, continued strength across our customer base. More customers than ever are shopping Tractor Supply. And these customers are making more trips than ever and are spending more money per trip than ever. We are seeing strong retention of customers that have shopped us over the last 12 months.  Our retention rates continue to run above historical trends. The conversion of our Neighbor's Club loyalty program to a points-based rewards is resonating with our customers. Year-over-year, we've added nearly 5 million new members to the program.  
In our Neighbor's Club members, they're spending about 3x the rate of nonmembers and they're comping at a rate well above the chain average. Neighbor's Club members accounted for about 65% of our sales, and that's a step-up from where we've been running prior to the relaunch of the program.  We've grown our high-value customer base in the program by about 15% year-to-date with customers migrating upward in spending significantly outpacing any downward spending. The retention rate of our most valuable customers is running north of 95%. 
New customers are joining the Neighbor's Club program at a rate of nearly 30%, significantly above the rate from last year. And the new customers we are acquiring as compared to our core customers are continuing to skew younger.  We're seeing significant growth in our millennial shoppers. Our trends this quarter for the customer age cohorts of 18 years to 45 years old were in line with the first quarter. And we continue to believe that the growth in this customer segment has staying power.  
Much like last quarter, the types of trends we're seeing can simply be described as once in a generation. We believe key aspects to our customer service, such as a convenient place to shop, product assortment, legendary customer service and in-stock levels, are important to keeping these existing and new customers engaged with our brands.  
On the macro front, the economy remains strong and key trends continue to work in our favor, such as rural revitalization, trip consolidation, omnichannel adoption and a self-reliant lifestyle movement, including DIY trends and hobbies like gardening, backyard poultry and pet adoptions. 
While the cost environment remains elevated across imports, domestic freight, commodities and labor wages, the merchant team has been aggressively advocating for our customers' needs. Where necessary, we are taking price increases to pass through some of the cost pressures that we cannot offset.  We are closely monitoring the price elasticity to ensure that we are focused on product unit trends. 
The team is doing an excellent job navigating this environment. Over the past few months, we have navigated unprecedented conditions. As the country opens back up, the Out Here Lifestyle remains incredibly relevant.  
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kurt to review the quarter in more depth and our outlook before I come back to give insights on our Life Out Here strategy and other drivers of the second half of 2021.

Thanks, Kurt.  
Tractor Supply has thrived over the last 15 months. We continue to operate from a position of strength and are committed to investing in the business. Our Life Out Here strategy is designed to capitalize on the attractive opportunity that we see in our nearly $110 billion total addressable market. We are transforming our stores through our Project Fusion remodel and side lot transformation, optimizing our technology in store and online and investing in how we operate our stores. 
I'm incredibly proud of the progress the team has made in advancing our strategic priorities, especially amid a global pandemic and running the business at an elevated rate. So let me share with you an update on how a few of our top initiatives are progressing. I'll start with the Field Activity Support Team, a 1,200-plus person organization that is designed to improve store labor productivity. Example task of the FAST team includes execution of merchandising programs like center court, endcaps, clip strips, planogram resets, seasonal programs and our sales-driving initiatives. 
Rolled out in the third quarter of last year, this team has made great progress in improving execution of our merchandising activity, which represents the second largest body of work for our store team members. Year-to-date, the execution attack by the FAST team is running at 97% or nearly 33 points higher than our base year of 2019. The FAST team is allowing the store teams to spend more time on customer service and improve their in-store execution.  We believe the FAST team will continue to contribute to comparable store sales well into the future. 
Turning next to our Project Fusion store remodel program. Recall our Project Fusion is our state-of-the-art space productivity program designed to enhance the customer experience in our mature store base and give new customers that may not have shopped with us in the past more reasons to visit. 
We now have more than 160 stores in the new layout, and the customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Our customers are taking note of things like the improved shopping experience in our remodels. And specifically in our customer intercept surveys, they're calling out better organization, improved merchandise selection, cleaner and brighter and easier to navigate factors. 
While the majority of the remodels have been completed more recently, we are very pleased with the early read of our customer response and the comp lift of the remodel is running in line with our expectations.  Given the size of our store base, this is a multiyear opportunity to continually refresh our store base and further drive comp sales. 
Another component of our space productivity program is the transformation of our side lot. Typically, there's as much space outside of our stores in the side lot as we have inside the store. The productivity of this space is substantially below the chain average.  We're in the midst of a multiyear project to transform our side lot with an expanded product offering and an enhanced shopping experience. 
With this investment, the side lot space is leveraged to offer a wider product offering in the lawn and garden categories, enter new categories and offer greater convenience through the expansion of our buy online, pick up at store capabilities or drive-through pickup.  We also continue to see a positive halo effect from the garden center to the existing store and vice versa. 
The addition of product categories, increased ease of shopping and new services provides us with even more ways to continue to keep our existing customers engaged to Tractor Supply and attract new customers to the brand.  Our ability to drive higher sales per square foot through the transformation of our side lot remains a significant opportunity. We currently have about 60 side lot transformations completed, and we anticipate having greater than 150 complete as we exit 2021. In these early remodels, we're learning a great deal about our customers' appetite for our expanded lawn and garden assortment and we're even more excited than we embarked on the initial test pilots. 
The team has done a great job laying the foundation of our Life Out Here strategy as we scale our transformational initiatives. Beyond our multiyear strategic initiatives, at Tractor Supply, we are always focused on having the seasonally appropriate offerings to support our customers. 
Wrapping up the summer season, we're exiting the quarter with our -- with clean inventory for the seasonal changeover. We continue to focus on enhancing our product offerings for the transition to the important fall and winter season. Across all areas of the store and online, we have fall-centric merchandising and marketing plans in place to keep our customers engaged. Whether it's the launch of our Pet Appreciation Week in September to the rollout of our deer hunting planogram set or our focus on heating products for the change in temperature, our customers know that they can count on Tractor Supply for the relevant products that they need to live Life Out Here.  
We are leveraging new items and innovation across grilling, safe and home and decor. In addition, Ridgecut, our exclusive brand of performance workwear, will be expanded across new categories and into women's workwear. These product expansions are relevant to both new and existing customers and will help retain our growing customer base.  Across all parts of the store, we have exciting products for the fall and winter as we shift gears to ramp up for our customers' needs to care for their land, home, animals and pets as colder weather comes. 
On the marketing front, we're making continued investments to drive our brand awareness. As part of our plans, we're excited to announce the new multiyear partnership to be the official Life Out Here partner for the Professional Bull Riders effective this season. The partnership includes a flagship presence on the PBR tour that host over 200 events per year, a Tractor Supply branded broadcast booth during the preshow on CBS, an in-arena broadcast activation and local customer activation.  PBR will also produce and distribute custom content for our social media channels. We're very excited to support our customers' passion for this dynamic and rapidly growing sport. 
Again, on marketing, given the strong millennial trends we have been experiencing, we're investing in marketing to continue to attract and nurture this important demographic.  Given that the millennial customer cohort may not be as familiar with our brand, we are executing marketing plans to introduce Tractor Supply to this next generation of customers. Just last month, we launched a new campaign targeting millennials and media channels like Pandora, YouTube and other streaming services. This campaign is called Welcome to Life Out Here and introduces this new audience to what lies ahead in our stores and the lifestyle we help support.  The focus is on key categories such as pet, backyard poultry, gardening and self-reliance. 
With the primary goal to drive awareness, the millennial campaign has delivered significant impressions since the launch. Early results show best-in-class performance in ad recall and awareness relative to traditional benchmarks. We believe this indicates that we are resonating with this audience, and it is driving consideration for Tractor Supply. 
To summarize, we've delivered strong results year-to-date and made significant progress with our strategic initiatives. We have confidence that our strategy and execution will allow us to continue to build a stronger Tractor Supply. With our purposeful actions, we will emerge from the pandemic a stronger company. It's an exciting time at Tractor Supply. My appreciation goes out to each and every one of our more than 45,000 Tractor Supply team members for their dedication to our mission and values. 
And with that, operator, we would now like to open the line for questions.

Steve, of our now 21 million plus Neighbor's Club members and like kind of all loyalty programs, we tried to -- as we created, in this case, 3 tiers, we tried to kind of reasonably distribute it with kind of a decreasing proportion across each of the 3 buckets. And then we also tried to create tier levels that would naturally encourage upward migration and discourage downward migration. 
I'd say a few things. As we talked about on the call, our Neighbor's Club members now account for over 65% of our sales. Our retention rate on our Neighbor's Club members is over 80%, very strong retention rate on an annualized basis. And as we said, our highest -- our third tier of spending, which is the Neighbor's Club premium, plus the retention rates there are over 95%. So we're seeing significant upward migration. We're seeing reduced downward migration. 
And the final thing I'll make a mention of is that our Neighbor's Club members, they make 2 more trips a quarter on average than our non-Neighbor's Club members. And our Neighbor's Club members had spent over $1,000 a year. We've got almost 2.5 million of those, and that's increasing kind of on a daily basis. 
So it's a very robust program with its 21-plus million members. We've seen over 5 million members join us in the last 12 months. We're seeing outstanding retention. We're seeing excellent migration. As we migrate them, their retentions are holding and actually improving. And we've seen a significant response, positive response to the rollout of the new program. As mentioned in our prepared remarks, since the rollout of the program, our Neighbor's Club members are significantly outcomping our overall chain average.

Yes. So our customer repeat shopping trends continue to remain very high. New customer retention rates continue to hover in that kind of 50-ish percent, similar to last quarter and the previous quarters. And our customer -- our new customer counts were only slightly below new customer counts from Q2 2020. 
And so for us, there's a lot of good news on the customer side. We saw 11 million last year. We saw 2.6 million, nearly 3 million in Q1. We're seeing kind of 50%-plus retention rates on those consume -- new customers. The way -- kind of an interesting way to think about it is on the 11 million new customers we saw last year, 6 million have shopped with us again and 3 million of those joined the Neighbor's Club program. 
And so that's just -- if you think about that walk, just some outstanding metrics, retention, conversion to the Neighbor's Club program. And then again, this quarter, we're seeing new customer counts nearly the same as the second quarter of 2020 at the beginning of the pandemic.

I'd start out with -- at the highest level, I'd say there still continues to be a lot of uncertainty either in the United States economy and globally, whether that's on -- certainly as it relates to COVID, the delta variant, the implications that has on mobility and on customer shopping behaviors.  
I'd say if you track back to our October earnings -- enhanced earnings day last year, kind of implied a bit in the graphic curve showed was a bit more of a return to normal mentality at some point that was more abrupt in nature.  And I'd say, I think as we're all watching how COVID's playing out, that's certainly not the case. 
And so I'd also say, though, that our business continues to evolve. And the -- and if you think back then, we were talking about 50-50 on structural versus transitory in terms of trends. And I think we'd lean more towards structural now in the way we view our trends if you think about pet, if you think about the millennial customer, if you think about home setting kind of rural revitalization, categories like poultry, as an example. 
So last year, as we've said several times, we sold 11 million birds. Half of those were to new customers. We're seeing, as mentioned by Kurt in his prepared remarks, outstanding retention of those customers last year that shopped with us on poultry coming back again this year. In fact, that retention rate is higher than any other animal feed or pet. 
So I mean it just shows you that the trends that began last year are really resonating and resilient. And that momentum that we're seeing with our customers and in our business and with the lifestyle, the Out Here lifestyle that we appeal to is holding incredibly strong. 
And I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that between Q2 of 2020 and Q1 of 2021, we had grown $3 billion and 34% comp. And we were kind of coming into Q2, I think like many companies, but certainly us, wondering how we would cap the comp and we had guided to kind of flattish at the beginning of the year for that and perhaps even a little down and to finish with a plus 10.5% certainly exceeded our expectations. 
And it's really all about the underlying trends to strengthen our consumer behavior, new customers and the appeal of that Out Here lifestyle. And I think there's still a lot of uncertainty in the out years and quarters, but I would say we feel more confident in the structural orientation of the trends than we did last October.

Yes. I'd start with the fact that we're confident we're taking share really across every major category that we have in the business both in stores and online. If you look at the profile between new customers, existing customers, both are showing strong comp transaction growth, average ticket growth. And as I said in my prepared remarks, more customers are shopping Tractor Supply than ever. They're visiting us more frequently and they're shopping -- they're spending more when they're shopping us. 
What I would say is we participate in a very attractive, large $110 billion market where our share kind of based on our new guidance would be fairly above 10%. There's a lot of share gain out there and also a lot of share to still be competed with. We're dominantly very focused on our customer and just making sure that the initiatives and the actions that we take are out there to create the best customer experience that we can whether that's investments in our team members to drive that legendary customer service or investments in inventory to ensure we're in stock for our customers. 
I would say as it relates to the promotional environment, we've not -- we've had very little to no promotions in Q1 and Q2 of this year. And that's our expectation really for the balance of the year. And I really expect the competitive environment to remain similar for no other reason because of the supply/demand situation that's out there. And the global supply chain is disrupted, as I've seen it in my 25-plus years in retail. And everyone is working hard to just keep inventory in their stores. And I think that mindset would prevail over any sort of promotional kind of share kind of push that anyone has. 
I'd also just comment that we don't directly compete with really any primary retailer. Being a lifestyle retailer, one of our benefits is that we play across a handful of large categories that are uniquely tailored to our customer. But typically, when we're competing with other companies, it's on a one-off category basis, and we really appeal to that whole lifestyle. But I don't anticipate an increase in the promotional environment in the market or certainly for us anywhere near on -- the near or medium-term horizon.

Yes. Chuck, thanks for joining the call today. I'd start out with both Fusion and side lot. We're very pleased with the results. And we've made a lot of progress over the last 6 to 9 months on both of these efforts. We've rolled out, as we mentioned, we've got over 60 -- 160 Fusions done, over 60 side lot transformations done. In addition to the work on those individual stores, we've brought the project management in-house, we're reducing our construction times and lowering costs. And we see lots of opportunity to continue to do that as we move forward, particularly on the side lot. We've iterated on kind of the plans several times and keep optimizing the format every -- as we roll it out. But we are very pleased with the results -- with the progress we made in both. 
On the results, what I'd say is we typically -- I think kind of historically in retail, it's the same in all my experiences. You start to really get a good feel for how the remodel lift is playing out kind of 3 to 4 months after the store kind of reopens and the remodels then complete. Most of our remodels hadn't been opened that long. So we're really kind of waiting over the next 3 to 6 months to start to see how that data set plays out. But what I'd say is for the stores that have been open kind of over that period of time, they are at the levels that we anticipated in our initial business case. 
So -- and we have more of those on the Fusion than we do on the side lot. But we're very pleased with the results of both projects. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, the customer excitement around us as becoming more of a destination in garden has been more significant than we even anticipated, and we're even more bullish on that as we move forward. 
As it relates to the penetration of the kind of how long, we'll -- I think you can expect to hear us share more of that over time. But I'd say, directionally, over about a 5-year time frame, you should think about kind of the Fusion stores, for the most -- the vast majority of our stores having Fusion and on side lot really around that 60% to 70%. I think we're feeling more bullish around getting more of our store base done with Fusion than may be worried in 6 months ago just the way that project is going, the cost that we're doing at it -- that we're doing it for, the early read on the lift we're seeing, and then the need just to continue to kind of remodel our store base.

I'd start with our -- our business has -- over the last 15, 18 months now has remained incredibly consistent. And we've said that on a number of calls, consistent across regions, consistent in category trends, consistent week-to-week, consistent month-to-month. As we said, all 13 weeks of this past quarter were positive comps. Obviously, all 3 months were positive comps. We exited June with strong momentum. And even as the -- we certainly, as a nation, we've seen this delta variant pick up. We've not seen any impact on our trends whether at a national level or at a regional level. And that's very similar to what we observed last year. 
And I think it's almost -- I hate to say it, but I think the lack of mobility sometimes driven by these outbreaks actually plays to the benefit of Tractor Supply. I think it's demonstrated that when folks are spending more time at their homes with their families, their pets, their animals, their land, they buy in Tractor Supply to be kind of that one-stop shop resource for them to continue all those hobbies that they love and they're just spending more time doing those hobbies. 
And so while we certainly want and wish the country return to normal as fast as possible, the delta variant, we don't see it as a potential threat, if anything, maybe some upside to it from our business results -- from a business results perspective.

We want to own Life Out Here, and we think we have the credibility to do so and are viewed that way by our customers. And as I mentioned in -- we do an awareness survey of our customers twice a year. In our last earnings calls, I mentioned our unaided branded awareness in November of 2019 was 37% and then 18 months later, right, as we're exiting Q1, it was up to 51%. 
So we've seen a 14 point income -- sorry, a 17-point increase, 34% to 51%, a 17-point increase in our unaided brand awareness. Much of that is obviously our core customer, but a lot of it is also the millennial customer. And as we mentioned last quarter, we saw a 4-point increase in our millennial customer penetration year-over-year. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that trend continued in Q2. 
So we think the work we're doing in marketing is broadening the aperture of consumers' understanding of Tractor Supply and driving unaided awareness and kind of driving footsteps into our stores. As we said, we continue to have strong comp transactions across the board. 
And we're really excited about the partnership with PBR. We think it's a category that resonates well with our customer. And 1 -- with over 200 activities a year that we can do a lot of activation across the areas of the country where our customers are, and it will be a great partnership. 
As I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're -- also, we have launched a large marketing campaign targeted towards the millennials. And up until now, the majority of our bubble on marketing has been TV and kind of Facebook-based. And on TV, it's really been around news media. And we think that's been very successful for our core customers. Those are the major places that they engage with media. 
The millennial customer, as we all know, engages in different types of media. They're on Pandora, Spotify, YouTube. And so what this lets us do is actually create a very different creative concept called Welcome to Life Out Here, explain who Tractor Supply is and then talk about those first 2, 3 hobbies that they might engage in: backyard, poultry, backyard gardening, pets, things like that. They're kind of starter categories, if you will, in Life Out Here. 
We're very excited about that work. And the initial feedback from customers is outstanding. And just hats off to the marketing team for all the work they've done to really drive awareness of our business and drive footsteps into our store.

Zach, it's Hal. And again, thanks for joining the call today. And yes, I'd say a few things. First off, on the sale advantage, I'd say, it predominantly gives us an opportunity in the market with our 8 distribution centers moving towards 11, the relationships that we have with our vendors and the meaningfulness of that, with the technology investments we're able to make. As an example, every single one of our team members  wears a Theatro headset that really creates an optimal customer service experience in the stores. We're in the process of rolling out new handheld devices for every team member inside the stores as well. 
Those sorts of investments are enabled by our scale, and they're enabled -- and they're really focused on helping us create, gain and capture market share and drive top line sales. And as we've talked many times, I mean our main goal is to grow at a rate faster than the market. That's what's implied in our long-term operating trends. And that's how our business is performing now. 
And then on the operating profit rate, as we've said, we've been able to -- our outlook is to hold SG&A flat or down. And we've been -- we've done that over the last 6 quarters and anticipate continuing to do so.  So as we've grown our sales and grown our sales base, we've been reinvesting in the business but doing at a point where we're not deleveraging there. 
And it's -- whether it's in the capital line or in our team member line, and we view our team members as a strategic asset. We are a customer service-driven retailer. We are not a retailer where you're going to walk in, pick the item you want, go to a self-checkout and never talk to someone, load it in your car yourself and drive away, right? We are going to help you pick the item. We're going to greet you. We're going to check you out, and we're going to help you load it in your car. And that's going to drive sustainable share gain for us. 
And then on the gross margin rate side, I think we continue to be very pleased that the promotional environment remains very little to none. And our inventory position where it is, where it's just requiring little to no clearance activity as well, our hope is that the longer that sustains itself, the more structural that becomes. 
Right now, we are in a high-cost freight and import environment, that's reflected in our guidance. And we're very pleased with the low promotional nature that's allowing us to offset those freight and import to allow us to give the guidance that we've given right now and fully acknowledge, as Kurt said, that if sales remain at the rates that they are in Q2, that there would be upside to the guidance that we've given. But we just thought it was prudent at this point to kind of provide the guidance that we have just given, the continued level of uncertainty out there.