Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings call. 
Our financial results in the quarter again demonstrated solid operational execution and the benefits of merger synergy. Total company revenue was $3.1 billion in the first quarter, with the anticipated year-over-year declines in Subsea and Onshore/Offshore, partially offset by growth in surface technology. Total company adjusted EBITDA was $387 million, with margin unchanged at 12.4%. We recorded our highest level of quarterly inbound orders since the formation of TechnipFMC. Total company orders were $3.5 billion, with particular strength in Onshore/Offshore. Total company backlog grew sequentially to $14 billion at quarter-end. 
Driving value through Subsea integration was the fundamental reason behind the creation of TechnipFMC. Today, we remain the only company that could execute a truly integrated subsea project delivered on the seabed. In the first quarter, we demonstrated further progress in validating this unique business model by securing 3 additional integrated EPCI or iEPCI awards. 
We have talked previously about a growing trend towards independents and new entrants undertaking subsea development. In March, we announced our largest iEPCI award to date for Energean's Karish and Tanin development in the Mediterranean Sea. The size and breadth of scope make this a flagship project for TechnipFMC. It is also a direct award and another major contract win for us. We have worked exclusively and collaboratively with Energean from early concept and integrated FEED through to the integrated EPCI direct award. 
It is also the first iEPCI contract that fully integrates the entire Subsea scope with that of the host production facility, leveraging the unique capabilities we have across our portfolio. And we will deliver a cost-effective solution faster than anyone could have done under a traditional contracting model. 
Success also creates opportunities. In the first quarter, we announced the award of in iEPCI from Shell for their Gumusut development in Malaysia. This award marks our second repeat customer and is the industry's first iEPCI award in the Asia Pacific region. 
Our new business model is now being implemented in the North Sea, Gulf of Mexico, Europe, Africa and Asia Pacific region. We can also demonstrate our unique integrated model in the brownfield market due to the integration of Subsea processing and Topside control. We have been awarded an iEPCI project for the Who Dat field in the Gulf of Mexico, a contract that builds on a alliance relationship with LLOG that we have shared for more than a decade. Who Dat originally achieved first production in 2011. As the field has matured, reservoir pressures have declined, suppressing the recovery potential of the field. With the addition of our multiphase pump, the third such award for our own solution and the first for us in the Gulf of Mexico, we can boost production and increase recovery rate, providing an uplift to overall project return. As an iEPCI offering, we will deliver and install the complete subsea packing as well as the control equipment on the topside. In total, we have now secured 9 iEPCI awards. We see further validation of the new business model through our growing volume of integrated FEED activity, which serves as a leading indicator of future integrated project awards. Many of these projects are exclusive to TechnipFMC and are now progressing towards final investment decision. All this gives us confidence that as much as 25% of our Subsea inbound orders will come from iEPCI in 2018. 
Subsea order inbound in the first quarter of $1.2 billion again exceeded revenues in the quarter. And on a rolling 12-month basis, we have achieved a Subsea book-to bill above 1. Importantly, the momentum in FEED and tendering activity for both traditional and iEPCI projects is supported by the considerable improvement in deepwater project economics and operator cash flow. The Subsea opportunity list reflects our view of the full Subsea value stream and highlights a significant market opportunity set for us given the breadth of our product, service and commercial offering. We expect several major projects to move forward in the coming quarters and remain confident that we will again achieve year-over-year growth in our Subsea inbound orders.
Now turning to Onshore/Offshore. We reported solid inbound activity for the quarter. Onshore orders reflect work across multiple downstream markets, including gas processing, petrochemicals and refining. Our process technologies business also benefited from multiple orders. Offshore work was driven primarily by the FPSO award for Karish and Tanin, a major component of this wholly integrated EPCI contract. 
FEED activity strengthened in the period. While these revenues are typically smaller in size, this work can lead to significant project activity in the future periods. This early engagement strategy also serves to reduce project execution risk. For the quarter, Onshore/Offshore achieved total inbound of $1.8 billion. These awards were broadly split between Onshore and Offshore markets and reflect diversity by both geography and end market. 
In early April, we announced the award of a FEED contract for the FPSO unit on the BP Tortue field development, a major LNG project located Offshore West Africa. TechnipFMC will initially work on defining the technology and equipment scope, and the agreement with BP provides us the opportunity to transition the FEED to an EPCI contract at a later stage. This represents a major inbound opportunity for TechnipFMC in the coming quarters.
As we discussed on our Q4 earnings call, we continue to see opportunities developing in the LNG market. LNG is one of the fastest-growing markets in the oil and gas sector. To satisfy increasing customer demand, a few LNG projects will likely be sanctioned over the next 3 years and many more beyond that. We have an extensive list of LNG references that date back to the world's first LNG project in the 1960s. We have executed many of the world's largest LNG developments as well as many midscale LNG plants. We are the pioneer in floating LNG, having successfully delivered the first FLNG, and we are now commissioning the largest-ever FLNG. And we have developed significant expertise in applying marginalization to large-scale projects and developing project management solutions for megaprojects in remote locations. In fact, we have developed over 20% of global installed capacity, some 90 million tons of annualized production. LNG is clearly a core competency of TechnipFMC. We are present and capable in all region with large gas reserve, leaving us well positioned to capitalize on the improved market dynamics for gas monetization.
Now let me update you on some of the technology investments we have made that will further differentiate our offering and provide future growth opportunities for our company. We announced in March we have taken minority ownership in Magma Global, a leading provider of risers, jumpers and downlines for subsea exploration and production. Through our collaboration with Magma, we will accelerate our delivery of the next generation of hybrid flexible pipe. This new product is part of our Subsea 2.0 offering and upon commercial introduction will complete the rollout of this unique suite of product. Much like the other 2.0 products we have in our portfolio today, we see the potential for significant reductions in both schedule and weight, driven by the use of innovative material and increased manufacturing automation. 
Composites also provide superior corrosion tolerance in applications that involve high natural gas content, such as the pre-salt discoveries in Brazil. Customer acceptance of Subsea 2.0 has been very positive. Our 2.0 components have been incorporated in more than 50% of new FEED studies this year, and several of these studies have included the entire suite of products. We are very pleased with this level of interest as it speaks to the compelling benefits of our 2.0 offering. 
But our technology investments extend beyond Subsea. In late March, we also announced the acquisition of a unique chemicals technology used to produce Epicerol, a chemical intermediate used in the manufacturing of epoxy resins found in coatings, composites and adhesive applications across various industry. TechnipFMC will license this technology, provide services related to project design and engineering and supply the associated proprietary equipment. More importantly, this investment, much like Magma and Subsea 2.0, is representative of a broader strategy focused on further expanding and differentiating our portfolio of value-added technology. 
In closing, the first quarter marked another period of solid operational performance, but more importantly, we generated robust inbound orders that resulted in a sequential increase in project backlog. Market acceptance of our unique integrated model, iEPCI, continues to demonstrate our clear leadership as evidenced by the 3 new integrated projects awarded in the quarter. Momentum is also building in Onshore/Offshore activity, enabling us to selectively rebuild backlog as we continue to successfully execute and deliver on Yamal LNG, the largest project ever undertaken by our company. And we continue to pursue growth opportunities through new technologies that we are confident will strengthen our leadership position and create new market opportunity. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann.

Michael, thank you. I'll take that one. We saw a change in behavior actually occur last year, and that change of behavior was driven by our customers' recognition and acceptance that we had created a new and unique commercial model in developing technology through platform of technologies that could sustainably and structurally lower the cost base for subsea projects. So when you couple that with a recovery, as you pointed out in the commodity price and increased cash flow for our clients, it just further improves and provides further confidence in their ability to move forward and sanction projects. But I think it's important to mention both of those attributes. It's not just about the oil price because as we know the oil price will fluctuate over time. TechnipFMC was created to drive real, structural and sustainable change and improve project economics. Our introduction in late last year of our Subsea 2.0 platform and the broad market acceptance of this new product platform, where over 50% of our new FEED studies now include this product platform, gives us great confidence that our customers see that we're providing a real solution.

Thank you, Jud. Yes, thank you, Jud. I guess I would have to say if we just look at the sheer results, as pointed out, this has been a record quarter for TechnipFMC. We believe that we're capturing a significant portion of those opportunities. And we're also translating a lot of our integrated FEED work that we've now been doing for over 2 years are now being translated into direct project iEPCI awards. The Energean Karish project being a very good way to recognize that, a very good example of that. So it's likely that we'll see a continued improvement in the cadence of project FIDs, but we're actually quite pleased with the 3 iEPCI awards that we received, the level of inbound both in our Subsea as well as our Onshore/Offshore business that we secured in the first quarter.

Yes, Bill. This is Doug. Thanks for the question. As usual, we don't give specific guidance on subsegment, but we had indicated that we would expect that activity to be relatively in line with 2017. You hit on a very interesting point. I just got back from visiting with a client who clearly is indicating that there will be an increased level of Subsea well intervention, which, as you know, if done via Riserless Light Well Intervention can -- we certainly benefit from as the leading provider and the most experienced provider of Riserless Light Well Intervention. But also, regardless of the mode of intervention, riserless or riser-based, it requires the removal of the tree, the reinstallation of the tree. And typically, while the wellbore maintenance is being done, the tree is actually returned to shore for inspection, maintenance and repair. So I think you're right to expect that there is going to be some increased level of activity, both in terms of riserless well intervention activity as well as an inspection, maintenance and repair activity, which is very important, a very important component for our company. Let's wait to see how that plays out. If that plays out towards the latter half of 2018 or more pushed into the beginning of 2019, but I would agree with you, there is a pent-up demand. We are well prepared and well positioned to make -- to provide that support for our client.

Short answer to both questions is yes and yes. Thank you for the question. In regards to greenfield opportunities for multiphase pumps, clearly, there is quite a few studies that we're doing right now and not just for boosting, by the way, also for Subsea processing, something that hasn't been spoken about much in the recent years. And as you know, we are the leader and have done 100% of all subsea processing, including -- that are inclusive of separation activity that has been done in the industry. So yes, quite a few activities. Now that being said, part of our vision for Subsea is to enable our customers to have a more dynamic subsea architecture. In other words, instead of necessarily putting all that capital in the front end of the project, which has a significant impact on the overall project economics and FID and the sanctioning of the project, is to be able to spread that over the life of the project. The only way you can do that is by reducing the number of interfaces, making things interchangeable, and quite frankly, making things more simplified by significantly reducing the part count and the interoperability of those component. This is a big engineering challenge. It's one that our company has been focused on for quite a few years. So we would see potentially, it designed into a greenfield but maybe we deliver it at a later stage. Why is that important? That keeps us intimately involved with that asset with the 20, 25 year life of the asset, not only in terms of the aftermarket Subsea services, which was your second question, but also in terms of if we want to add capability as the reservoir conditions change, as the geochemistry change, as the reservoir pressure changes, there's things we can do over time and it keeps us intimately engaged with that client. In terms of Subsea services, things that are missing, well, you certainly saw the move that we made that Maryann talked about in her prepared remarks in terms of really strengthening our position and changing, if you will, our status within the RLWI activity. This was very important, and absolutely, it was based around becoming the integrator, from going from being the product supplier, a very important piece of the Subsea well intervention kit, which is the stack or the pressure containing device; but to move from that to being the integrator is absolutely a key role. This is an area where we will continue to invest. We will continue to look at opportunities to bring in other competencies within our portfolio and expand our range of products and services.

Thank you, Sean. So if we just take the $1.2 billion in the first quarter and we look at it on an annualized run rate, and we have said and remain committed to the expectation that we're going to continue to see an increase. As you know, we saw a 27% increase in 2017 versus 2016, and we indicated we would expect a further increase in '18 over '17. So kind of from a run rate, and it really ties back to the earlier question from Jud. Yes, you would expect that we would be looking for an uptick in the level in the cadence of the inbound orders. And very much to Jud's question, some of that may come from some very large awards that are currently pending and could well be FID and awarded later this year. That being said, we're where we need to be in terms of the current activity. And as you know, the earlier that we inbound that activity, the greater benefit that it will have on 2019, which is, we're certainly focused on that as well, Sean. So we're doing everything we can to put the very best solutions and unique solutions in front of our clients and give them opportunities to vastly improve their project economics by, in many cases, showing them where we can deliver project that reduce the schedule significantly, a 36-year greenfield project in 24 months or a 15- to 18-month brownfield opportunity installed, delivered on the seabed and commissioned in just 10 months. So it's getting the project sanctioned, but it's also our ability to, if you will, accelerate and capture that revenue more quickly.

Thank you, Sean. Look, I can assure you there is no introductory pricing. There's no special pricing. There's no buy 1, get 2. This is real, structural savings that we're providing to our client. This isn't about discounting. This isn't about a procurement exercise. This is sitting down with them, understanding the project economics, being engaged very early, setting an economical hurdle rate in which the project will be successful. And our ability to be able to do that through that early engagement and then demonstrate through a unique solution, which greatly simplifies the Subsea architecture by reducing unnecessary interfaces that are required when you split the SPS package from the SURF package, by showing how we can take those away as a single integrated entity and in off -- many times, as indicated earlier, reducing and accelerating the delivery of the project, installed and commissioned on the seabed by 6 to 12 months, that's what drives the project economic. So you're having a very mature conversation around the project economics, not a conversation around discounting.

Thank you, Michael. Look, when we're going through the process of tendering the project, we're already going out there and looking at getting some indicative pricing from our supply chain. And as we either become shortlisted or if it's a direct award, as we become more confident that the project's going to move into being sanctioned, we're actually locking in and securing that pricing. We're in communication with the various different suppliers. I think we have quite a diversified group of suppliers and a very high class group of suppliers, but we would not be -- other than our very short-cycle businesses, we would not be seeing any impact to our projects this year.

But certainly no cancellation?

Great question, Marc. And you are correct, just to be very clear that when we were talking about the $5 billion of opportunities that we were tracking, that was onshore, downstream opportunity, mainly refining petrochemicals and fertilizer. What we've seen, let's say beyond that, is a significant increase in our process technologies portfolio, much of which drove the unannounced orders in the quarter. And we're also seeing a much -- a very strong uptake in our FEED activity, and that really, quite frankly, spans petrochemicals and LNG. So LNG specifically, as you know, it depends upon the project. I mean, there are several projects out there right now that are greenfield projects. But there's also several projects that would be the expansion, if you will, the addition of a train or the addition of maybe 2 trains. So where could they range? They could range -- they're certainly in the billions, but they could range from $3 billion to $10 billion. And as you know, we would likely partner with somebody on those type of a project, so we would not be necessarily realizing the economic benefit of the full value of the contract, but we would we doing that along with a partner. But I think, as you're attempting to point out, it would be a substantial upside, and we've had quite a bit of activity both in FEED and also tendering activity going on in LNG.

Mick, thank you, an important question. The easy answer is because of flexibles 2.0. This is a new way of thinking. This is a completely change, a completely changed engineering methodology across our company. We're looking at how do we drive simplification, reduce part count, weight. And when you look at all of that together, it has a profound impact on our operating model, and that's what I think maybe hasn't been fully appreciated. So when we talk about -- people can talk about making things lighter, I guess it's easy to go on a crash diet, but it's just as easy to put the weight back on at the end of the day. We're talking about a fundamental change in our engineering philosophy that has a profound impact on the roof line, on the manufacturing process, on the delivery systems, on the fleet, et cetera. So no, this is a big, big strategic decision for our company. It has many benefits, one of which, as you point out, is clearly higher corrosion performance, and that's important as we continue to develop assets around the world. But it's much bigger than that. And look, I couldn't be more excited. We got with the right partner. We now have an ownership structure and a seat at the table, and we look forward to the future together.

Sure. It depends upon the application, right? So if you're just going to do a downline, I would agree. If you're going to do riser, a stiff riser, I would agree. But if you're really trying to look at doing things that are going to require like we're using them, for subsea systems and flowlines, they're going to require the armor. The armors provides a different stress profile across the system. It actually allows you to have a larger bending moment. And by the way, it adds weight. One of the challenges with a composite is they float. So in some applications you actually want to add weight to the system. So we think, together with Magma Global, we believe strongly that when you put these 2 technologies together, we're going to have something truly unique and differentiated.

Thank you for asking. The brief answer is, unfortunately, there are still outliers. There is certain behaviors that are just unpredictable and a little unrecognizable. But there's certainly outliers. I assure you, we will not be an outlier. And the reason why is 50% of our activity is not exposed to competitive tender. That's because the direct awards from our alliance partner, direct awards from our iEPCI projects, as we discussed earlier, as well as the strength of our Subsea services business. That, if you will, reduces our exposure to the competitive market by 50%. But in the remaining market, you do see a tightening, and you see a band, but then you do, on occasion, see the outliers. I expect that to further tighten. And the market is now tightening, if you will, in terms of the pricing range, but there are certain behaviors that are still allowing some to be outlier.

Thank you for the question, Jean-Luc. Look, our position has not changed. We will not use our balance sheet to fund projects. What you see here is a very unique scope. As I pointed out, it's a full Subsea iEPCI plus the floating production, storage and offloading facility. So what the structured terms that we use would be no different than you would see in a project of that scope and that composition. So again, I repeat, we're not leveraging the balance sheet. What we're providing is a unique solution. We've been working closely with this customer from the very beginning, from the concept stage and worked in a direct, intimate way. And we are very proud to be part of this project and Energean's success as they continue to expand their portfolio.