Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon and good morning. Thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings call. 
One month ago, we announced a resolution of investigations into conduct dating back over a decade ago, resulting in a settlement of $301 million with authorities in the United States and Brazil. This brings to close the compliance matters under investigation by all U.S. and Brazilian authorities. 
This conduct, taken by former employees, does not reflect the core values of our company. We have zero tolerance for such behavior and are committed to doing business the right way. Our foundational belief of integrity dictates how we operate everywhere all the time. In recognition of our robust compliance program, there will not be a monitor assigned to the company in conjunction with this settlement, and we expect no impact to our ongoing business operations.
Turning to our business highlights. Strong order momentum continued throughout the second quarter. At over $11 billion, total company inbound orders represent an unprecedented level, setting a new record for our company.
Subsea orders of $2.6 billion were in line with the robust levels experienced in the first quarter. In fact, Subsea orders for the first half of the year exceeded the levels achieved in all of 2018, and we are well positioned for full year Subsea order growth of over 50% when compared to the prior year.
For Onshore/Offshore, second quarter inbound of $8.1 billion was also unprecedented, a new record for this business segment. The award of Arctic LNG 2 drove quarterly inbound orders to levels that exceeded all of 2018 in the second quarter alone. And the impact of the strong first half orders to our backlog is substantial with total company backlog approaching $26 billion, an increase of more than 75% from year-end. 
This remarkable growth in backlog provides us with even greater confidence in our 2019 outlook, which we have revised higher today as a result of the continued strength in inbound and operational execution. The new-order backlog received in the period also provides improved visibility as we look to 2020 and beyond.
Over the last 18 months, there has been considerable market focus on the LNG wave. The LNG market growth continues to be underpinned by the structural shift towards natural gas as an energy transition fuel, helping to meet the increasing demand for energy while lowering greenhouse gases. Our demonstrated leadership in this important growth market will continue as we anticipate additional LNG awards in the coming quarters.
There is a structural transformation called iEPCI that is occurring within the Subsea industry as a result of the creation of TechnipFMC. This paradigm shift was pioneered by our company, resulting in an entirely new commercial model that creates value for both the operator and ourselves. This unique integrated capability is now having a material impact on both the total market and our business. We have seen growth in integrated award activity every year since our introduction of this model in 2015.
The industry remains on track for continued growth in 2019, having exceeded $3 billion in integrated project awards in the first half of the year, and we are referencing actual project awards as opposed to FEED studies that's simply have the potential to convert into an award. Even more compelling is the fact that TechnipFMC has secured 2/3 of all integrated projects awarded over this time with that number reaching 100% for the first 6 months of 2019.
During the quarter, we were awarded our largest integrated Subsea project to-date for Anadarko's Golfinho development in Mozambique. Mozambique is a frontier region in the development of hydrocarbons. Significant offshore natural gas reserves have made the country a clear beneficiary of increasing LNG demand. TechnipFMC was the first mover in Mozambique, and this award further strengthens our leadership position in the region.
For the country's initial LNG development, we are progressing well with the construction of a floating LNG structure, the first for Africa and third for our company. On the same project, we are also executing contracts for much of the Subsea scope. And now we are honored to have been selected by Anadarko to execute the country's next Subsea development using our unique integrated model.
These projects are all benefiting from our expanded local presence having opened the first oil and gas engineering center in Maputo earlier this year, and we will make further investments to ensure we have the capabilities needed for continued participation in the country's expanding set of opportunities by further developing local expertise.
Golfinho is also our first project undertaken in strategic collaboration with Allseas. This partnership enables enhanced access to world-class opportunities like Golfinho for both companies. We view this approach as the most efficient way to secure access to complementary assets and delivery capabilities while avoiding significant capital investment and driving through cycle returns.
Most importantly, the Golfinho award is a part of the broader structural trend towards greater levels of integration on Subsea projects. We have clearly seen an acceleration in market adoption since the first project was awarded in 2016 with this year's activity representing 20% of all Subsea industry awards. For TechnipFMC, the impact of iEPCI has been even more profound. Integrated projects exceeded 50% of our inbound orders in the first half of 2019.
More broadly, the integrated model has been adopted across multiple regions and with multiple clients. Several integrated awards have come as a result of our iEPCI alliances, which can lead to new market opportunities, most of which are exclusive to TechnipFMC and subject to [indiscernible] achievement of targeted financial returns.
Today, we are proud to announce our latest iEPCI alliance with Wintershall DEA, one of the largest E&P operators in Europe. This further expands our already successful partnership by creating additional value through integrated FEED, integrated EPCI and integrated life of field services for the newly formed Wintershall DEA.
In the second quarter, we inbounded the Arctic LNG 2 EPC contract. We are honored by the confidence and trust of Novatek and the opportunity to contribute to this exciting development. This is Novatek's second major LNG project in the Arctic region, an example and an award that exemplifies our experience in the delivery of large-scale modularized fabrication for harsh environments. 
The project will bring onstream nearly 20 million metric tons per annum of new capacity comprising of 3 LNG trains on gravity-based structures. This is an innovative engineering solution we worked on extensively during the FEED stage of this project. We will leverage our recent successes from Yamal LNG through the continuity of leadership, execution model and lessons learned. We will also benefit from our extensive experience in complex module fabrication and integration obtained from projects, such as floating LNG and gas FPSOs that utilize a confined footprint.
The detailed engineering scope is well advanced, and procurement activities will continue to ramp as long lead items are being ordered. The execution phase of the project will extend for several years with launch of the first stream currently expected in 2023.
Looking ahead, the future LNG opportunity set remains substantial. We continue to be very selective focusing on a strategic set of projects that we are pursuing today, some of which could reach FID over the next 18 to 24 months.
In closing, this was a very strong quarter for TechnipFMC. The unprecedented level of order activity experienced in the quarter demonstrates that we are winning with an intense focus on project selectivity and commercial differentiation.
Operationally, total company revenue increased 16% versus the prior year to $3.4 billion with growth in all 3 business segments. And total company adjusted EBITDA increased 19% versus the prior year to $450 million highlighted by the notable strength in Onshore/Offshore and sequential improvement in adjusted EBITDA margins for both Subsea and Surface Technologies. The strength of these results and significant growth in backlog across all segments gives us even greater confidence that we will achieve our increased full year guidance and provides us with improved visibility as we look to 2020 and beyond.
I will now turn the call over to Maryann, who will cover the financial results.

Thank you very much, Angie. And just before I start, I wanted to recognize all of you who have -- participating on the call today. I realize it's a bit of a, I guess, technically called the Super Thursday of earnings and particularly for the entities in Europe. So thank you all for taking time to be on our call. We're humbled by your support for our company.
Angie, so let's talk a little bit about kind of how things have materialized thus far. So it was a similar question on Q1. How could anything stack up to Q1, and then we deliver Q2 in line with Q1, whereas, now the first 6 months of orders for our Subsea business has exceeded all of that of the prior 12 months or last year. As we look forward into the second half, we continue to see strong order activity. The absolute value will really be a function of 1 or 2 very large awards. There's a few billion dollar-plus Subsea awards that are out there right now that could come in the second half of the year or in the beginning or the first half of 2020. Obviously, the timing of those awards would have a material impact both on our inbound and on the total market activity in terms of new orders. 
But we continue to see a very resilient market. We publish our view of the market, including the major opportunity set, as you'll see, that has increased not decreased as a result of the activity this quarter where there were some very strong awards for our company, but that opportunity set has largely been replenished, and you can see that in our backup materials. So we continue to have a very strong outlook in terms of the second half of 2019 as well as 2020. Again, it's a function of the timing of a couple of these very large awards if they occur in the end of 2019 or if they move into 2020.
Beyond that opportunity set that we publish on our Subsea outlook, I remind you, we have a proprietary opportunity set that we have been developing for several years through our integrated FEED activity, many of which, when converted, are exclusive to our company, including the announcement of another iEPCI alliance this quarter with Wintershall DEA, which we're very proud of.
So we have the market outlook, let's say, that is available, others participate in and then we have that proprietary opportunity set. So we'll see based upon the timing of a couple of big orders, which could occur in the first half of 2020 versus the second half of 2019, but we remain -- we see the market as very constructive, and in no way do we see this as a isolated event. We see this as a trend that will continue.

Yes, Angie, let me start with a few high-level comments, and then Maryann will add additional color. Look, we believe that we have done -- we've taken the necessary steps to provide a structural and sustainable change in Subsea project economics that is unlocking the potential of these projects and making them economically viable and competitive to other investment choices for our clients and meaning other geographies and other types of investment, with that as obviously been working very well, and we're seeing the benefit of that.
We've also taken the necessary steps and benefited as a result of the merger. As Maryann indicated, we've now delivered the full guidance around pretax operating synergies 6 months earlier than planned. So we've now delivered the full $450 million of pretax cost synergies as a result of the merger. So when you put all of this together and we continue to innovate and develop the next generation beyond the current generation, our current generation, the next generation of Subsea assets, we remain very constructible in the outlook for the progression or for the expectations of our Subsea margins. 
I will add to that, though, it's a question of the progression of that margin. And what is true is, as you point out, we are seeing capacity -- utilization improving in the out years, '21, '22, which will certainly help with the expansion of the margin at that point in time. I think it's just we have to be prudent in the way that we model out the margin progression in Subsea, but it's clearly moving in the right direction and are very strong inbound, are very high-quality projects mainly being iEPCI representing over 50% of our inbound in the first half alone, gives reason to have increased confidence in our margin outlook. I will just, again, caution to temper a bit on the progression of that margin as we get through the second half of 2019, 2020, and then see the overall market capacity tightening in '21 and '22. Maryann, did you want to touch on the Arctic LNG contribution for Onshore/Offshore?

Thank you, David, for the question, and thank you for the congratulations, but it really goes to the 37,000 women and men of our company who generated the results. Maryann and I just have the honor of representing them here today. Yes, indeed, the Arctic LNG 2 will also flow through the French entity from a taxation point of view, at least a large portion of it will. The overall structure of the contract is in many ways similar to Yamal, although it is a different technology that is being used. But the way that we have structured the contract in terms of a large reimbursable scope and a lump -- and then the remainder as a lump-sum scope is actually very similar to the Yamal contract.

Interesting question, David. You see the results, right? So year-to-date 2019, we've received 100% of those integrated awards. So I guess, in some ways, we are confident that we'll be part of the pack. We're currently obviously well positioned. I believe that the clients are looking to and as you said, potentially experimenting with other opportunities to bring that same skill set through different companies.
I hesitate a little bit in my response, David, because it's very difficult, in our opinion, to deliver an integrated Subsea project due to the complexity and due to the tradeoffs between the manufacturing and the installation as a joint venture or an alliance. I remind you we tried that path. We were unsuccessful. We recognize that the way to unlock real, sustainable, demonstrated value to our clients was to come together as a single company. We moved the natural friction that occurs between the manufacturing and the installation activities and generate now as a result of having this incredible group of employees under one roof the total R&D capability of the next generation of Subsea systems, including the integrated delivery system as part of that. So I do believe and we encourage additional integration. You see it happening. The market is clearly moving in that way. But I think it's very difficult to be able to deliver through such a structure, at least it was difficult for us. We're much happier now as a single entity.

So Dan, a couple of thoughts here or a couple of considerations. First, the contribution from Yamal was not complete, as we, I hope, provided greater visibility and made a bit clear as a result of the increased disclosure around the Yamal project. So number one, it's hard to -- from this point forward, it's hard to answer the question in that manner because, again, there will continue to be a contribution from the Yamal project, which has been a highly successful project.
In terms of the overall margin outlook without LNG, again, we have run this business and managed this business around quality versus quantity, ensuring that we match the projects with our demonstrated capacity to ensure a very successful outcome on the projects that we take on, both for our clients, ourselves and for you as our investors, and that remains our practice and our priority in terms of focusing on selectivity and ensuring that we have the capacity and the competency to deliver those projects.
So therefore, I would stick with our prior outlook, which was $5 billion to $6 billion in revenue with a 4% to 6% margin for this business ex LNG. And we said with LNG and with increasing percentage of LNG, you could see 200 basis points improvement as a contribution of the LNG activity. What is true is that the LNG EPC providers remaining that are fiscally sound and have demonstrated the capacity to deliver these type of projects is more limited than it was in the past and the opportunity set is great. So therefore, you should expect us to be very focused on ensuring that we have the right projects with the right terms that can drive the best financial results for our company.

Thank you, James. So a couple of things. Many of the LNG projects that are being considered today are still stick built. They are not modularized. So yes, there is increasing activity in the fabrication yards because of the success that we've had not only on Yamal LNG but on other Subsea and Onshore/Offshore projects where we focused on modularization. I think we have -- well, we have very -- we have demonstrated experience, and we have very good relationships with those yards. I believe they see us as a partner of choice when they are considering our projects versus other potential projects.
Culturally, execution model-wise and ultimately project success drives that alignment in that relationship. So you are correct to point it out. It is something that we're well aware of, but we believe by having the experience that we have gained across multiple different yards and having optionality across those fabricators and a very good sense of partnership that we will ensure that we select the right yards and that we can, therefore, deliver very successful projects.
If I captured the second part of your question correctly in terms of the client outlook, how would I describe it? I think there is an accelerated pace, realizing that not all LNG projects will be sanctioned this way. There's more projects than can potentially be sanctioned. And because of some of the tightening constraints in some geographical markets, for instance, the U.S. Gulf Coast, where manufacturing capacity is becoming -- construction capacity, excuse me, is becoming a significant concern. I think that you see some projects in other parts of the world, maybe, if you will, accelerating in the queue potentially just as a result of the overall capacity in the market. 
So look, we continue to be widespread as I've indicated before. Our targeted strategic projects are spread around the world. If we have future announcements, and we certainly intend to, but we would have different partners on the projects, and you would see us have projects be announced in different geographies. We believe this is all good ways to mitigate risk and manage the portfolio approach. And again, in those more challenged environments, we would always partner with somebody who had those capabilities that could -- we could ensure that we would have access to the right talent to be able to deliver those projects. But if anything I would say I've seen a bit of an acceleration, not a deceleration in terms of the desire of -- especially our major clients to bring forward the sanctioning of LNG projects.

Thank you very much, Sean. Indeed, our engineering capability and competency along with our project management competency and capability are 2 of our differentiating strengths, always have been and continue to be. And as you pointed out, we made a decision to hold on to those resources even when the -- even when it meant a bit of underabsorption.
Likewise, if I could extend the conversation for a moment, recall we did the same with the fleet. So back in the prior years when there were vessel-only or, if you will, T&I-type contracts that were on the market, very competitive, many of our competitors having larger fleet sizes than ourselves and therefore, the problem set being a bit more substantial for the industry, we saw very aggressive pricing. And those projects will have to flow through. We set that out, as you recall. And we said we were going to hold back the capacity and utilization of our fleet to put those onto integrated projects. I think I remember saying, I will be -- it will be clear if I'm wrong because if we don't announce integrated projects that will absorb the capacity of the fleet, then that would obviously have been a poor decision. The good news is we have and we continue to. And as you know, since our last earnings call, we've announced 3 additional integrated projects, again, representing now 50% of our total awards to-date, and we have received 100% of those awards.
We have a good line of sight on additional integrated projects that we will be awarded most likely in the coming quarters, so we will see the benefit of that. Now that will flow through obviously in the '21, '22 because we have to go through the manufacturing phase before we can go through the installation phase of those contracts. 
So look, we manage capacity very, very closely. We understand that, at the end, we are a projects company. It's important that we have the right capacity to be able to deliver on these projects, and we're quite comfortable because of the decisions that were made that we have that capacity to be able to deliver world-class projects for our customers.

Yes, Sean. So you can see, obviously, we raised our Subsea margin guidance from at least 11% to at least 11.5%. And you are correct. Mathematically, if you look at that, it implies back-half guidance -- back-half result of at least 11% to reach that guidance. Look, always good to get off -- always good to be ahead of the game, always good to get a good early start to the year, both from a inbound point of view, again, just staggering to look at our results, 6 months of inbound, exceeding the whole prior 12 months, which by the way was 27% above the trough. So quite significant, and the book-to-bill obviously reflecting that as well and the growth in the backlog. 
So these things all give us increased confidence, and we are always prudent in the way that we approach the guidance and how we set the targets. And we believe at this time, based upon what we can see and indeed as you point out the fact that the vessel utilization, we stick with our prior guidance of 50% to 55% for the full year so that this was indeed a bit of a seasonal effect. We think it's the right place to increase the guidance to -- for 2019. A lot of positive things happening, but it just takes a bit of time for those to develop.

Two interesting questions. Thank you very much. I wish I could reverse the order with Maryann because answering to the first question, as you well know, no one will get it right. So let me talk about the North American market and the way that we see it. So I want to step back and remind you that, for our Surface Technologies business, approximately 50% of our business is outside of North America. That business we have seen an inflection in activity, and we are now seeing an inflection in pricing. So we have a very constructive outlook for our business outside of North America, which comprises 50% approximately of the segment.
Now turning to the North America market. We -- the way we will manage towards the market is, I think, quite unique. There's 2 parts of our business that serves the North America market: one is the support that we provide, where we provide the very high-end consumable equipment to the pressure pumping industry in terms of their -- to allow them to safely and efficiently provide the hydraulic fracturing services; and the second part is the conventional product business in the North America market. 
We will plan conservatively that there will not be a significant recovery. I'm not necessarily saying that I believe that will be the case in 2020 versus the second half of 2019 as you pose the question, but we're going to plan that way. And let me explain why. Much of our business is not tied to the drilling and completion activity. Increasingly, it's tied to the production activity. So you will see us continue to put forward a strategy that allows us to further differentiate our business and to move our business from being heavily drilling and completions related and more production related. The reason that's important is that the production activity, the production spend will continue to increase even when the drilling and completion market is flat, and that's just a function of what's called stacking, the stacking effect in the North America market, and we can talk more about that perhaps at a later date but a very exciting opportunity for us in a way that we will transform our business. Maryann?

Sorry, Kurt. I didn't have my button on. So thank you very much for the question. I got to practice it there on mute. So I'll start again. 
The -- it's important to note that the activity levels, even though quite robust that we have reported in terms of inbound, are below that of our demonstrated capacity both in Subsea as well as in LNG, specifically. So we're very comfortable with the continuity, particularly of leadership and project management directorate that we will be able to -- that we will continue to provide exceptional project execution to our clients. That's what our clients entrust us with some of their most important and complex projects in their portfolio. And our commitment to them and to you, as the investment community, is that we will ensure that we only take on those projects where we are confident that we can provide excellent results in terms of execution. And this was key to the earlier question of why we invested and maintained and developed our capacity during the periods of activity that were not as robust. In terms of cost creep, we obviously consider that in all of our contracts. There is either cost escalation built in tied to an index, or there's just a general cost-escalation calculation that's done at the time of the signing of the contract.

Kurt, briefly, I think it's difficult to predict what the competitors will do. We're focused on our strategy and being successful on the execution of our strategy. Look, I think I'm not so much worried about unpredictable-type behaviors. I think people understand the opportunity set, and I think there's maturing understanding of the growth of the market. Will there be -- will this lead to further restructuring or not? I leave that up to our competitors, but I'll tell you what, we're really glad we did ours back in 2017 versus considering something like that right now at this point in the growth cycle of our major markets.

Amy, actually a great question to end with. We don't give utilization of our individual manufacturing facilities. I will say we've been very prudent in the way that we've invested in our manufacturing facilities, including moving and incorporating robotics into our plants to extend the capacity without having to extend roofline. In addition to that, our next generation of Subsea equipment, which we call Subsea 2.0, actually uses a much -- is a much faster cadence through the manufacturing facilities, thus allowing us to extend our demonstrated capacity through a similar roofline or even a reduction in roofline. Specifically to your question, yes, we expect 2020 utilization or absorption of our manufacturing footprint to be greater than 2019. And indeed at this point in time, given the success that we've had in the first half of the year and our outlook, we would expect that 2019 is indeed the trough for Subsea margins.