Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings call. 
On the call today are Maryann Mannen, Chief Financial Officer; and Catherine MacGregor, President of Technip Energies.  
Before commenting on our operational and financial results, I would like to begin by recognizing the resilience of our global workforce. While the health and well-being of our employees, partners and customers is our top priority, these dedicated teams worked tirelessly to maintain business continuity in a safe and responsible manner. And throughout this very challenging period, they continue to advance projects and meet customer requirements, which was evident in our second quarter results. We also made solid progress in 3 core areas: strengthening our balance sheet, progressing our backlog scheduling and accelerating our business transformation, all to ensure the success of TechnipFMC, both through the current cycle and over the longer term.  
With regard to the balance sheet, we took a series of proactive steps in the quarter. We increased our liquidity by $1.2 billion, bringing total cash and liquidity to nearly $7 billion. And we secured a permanent modification to our primary debt covenant, which favorably impacts the company's total capitalization ratio. Together, these actions were taken to ensure that we have more than sufficient liquidity and can maintain full access to this liquidity in these challenging times. 
Turning to backlog. We experienced no cancellations, highlighting the resilience of the nearly $21 billion of backlog we have today. This significant backlog provides us with good visibility that extends over the next several years. 
Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have had constructive conversations with our customers. The dialogue has been very different than what we experienced in prior cycles. This has resulted in a more collaborative approach, creating new opportunities for us, enabled by our proven innovative solutions and demonstrated excellence in execution, and supported by the financial strength we possess to weather the market cycle. These unique attributes also allow us to more deeply engage in the way we partner and work with our customers. 
Looking at the second half of the year, we continue to add new projects to our backlog. TechnipFMC has been selected for the Mero 2 SURF EPCI project located in the Santos Basin. We will soon announce a new iEPCI project in Asia Pacific, that will be using our latest 2.0 technology, and we have secured several projects that will be inbound upon final sanctioning, including Subsea installation contracts recently announced by Equinor and the EPC contract for the Assiut Hydrocracking Complex, we announced earlier this month.  
Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position and our extensive backlog have also provided us with the flexibility to accelerate our business transformation, with global actions underway to generate annualized cost savings in excess of $350 million by year-end. We first highlighted the business transformation during our fourth quarter earnings call. These initiatives are driven by changes in opportunity created from the successful introduction of new business models, innovative technologies and digital solutions across our business.  
First, going forward, we will need fewer assets to deliver more comprehensive solutions. We will have fewer operating bases, service facilities and manufacturing sites. We are optimizing our operations across geographies. And if economic returns don't make sense, we will look to exit.  
We will have a smaller fleet. We continue to right size our assets to better align with our differentiated offering and the advantages of new technologies, such as Subsea 2.0 and integrated project delivery. And we continue to partner with others, providing us access to unique assets in a more capital-efficient manner. 
Second, we are taking targeted actions across the portfolio, particularly in Surface Technologies. In North America, we continue to transform our operations by working with our customers to further drive well-site operational efficiencies and lower greenhouse gas emissions. And we are leveraging the strength of our international franchise to capitalize on the longer-term growth anticipated in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and the North Sea. 
And finally, we continue to leverage digital technologies across our organization. Looking at one of our most recent innovations, we are accelerating the development and implementation of our Subsea Studio digital platform. Subsea Studio allows us to significantly reduce the time required for front-end engineering by as much as 50%, utilizing machine learning and AI to rapidly evaluate field development scenarios, leveraging the industry's largest database of prior projects and best practices. All of these actions are fully aligned with our strategy of market leadership and business transformation. These actions will drive the most value when we align with those clients and partners that demonstrate a willingness to embrace new commercial models and new technologies. We are further streamlining all of our businesses towards simplification, standardization and reduce cycle times.  
In 2019, the vast success of our Subsea integrated model was driven by the strength of our partner relationships and resulted in the company's highest annual growth rate in order inbound in over a decade. And we expect to enter into another exclusive iEPCI alliance that will be announced in conjunction with the client's first integrated project award. As I've said before, those that adopt innovative solutions are more likely to succeed in the new energy landscape. And we are even more convinced of this today, given the dramatic change in the external environment and its impact on our customers. 
And lastly, the third pillar of our business transformation is focused on the strategic initiatives across our portfolio that will deliver new, sustainable solutions to our clients. These initiatives will allow us to leverage our core competencies in engineering, manufacturing and project management, skills that are transferable and can be applied beyond traditional market segments. In Subsea, we have created fundamental change in the way we design, manage and execute projects, incorporating our Subsea 2.0 platform and greatly simplified the Subsea infrastructure, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions by nearly 50%. And when combined with iEPCI, it also simplifies vessel installation campaigns, providing an even greater environmental and economic benefits. 
Our vision for Subsea includes an all-electric Subsea system, powered by renewable energy. This will further simplify the Subsea infrastructure and reduce, if not eliminate, environmental emissions. 
In Technip Energies, we have significant expertise and prospects in the area of sustainable chemistry. Notably in biofuels, as Neste's partner of choice for renewable diesel projects. And we have further expanded our footprint in the circular economy through our collaboration with Carbios to demonstrate their recycling technologies. 
We have recently extended our Genesis offering to provide a portfolio of advisory services across all of our markets with a particular focus on energy transition. And we see a very exciting future for hydrogen, where we already have proven technology and references for blue hydrogen and are well positioned for the emerging market for green hydrogen. 
In Surface Technologies, we offer high-efficiency solutions that enable our clients to reach hydrocarbons faster with fully optimized and environmentally compact systems. Today, we have a project utilizing our integrated production system, high production, allowing the client to capture over 50% of the greenhouse gases that are typically released into the atmosphere during the production phase of an unconventional development. In summary, we have the expertise across all segments of the business to deliver the innovative, sustainable solutions that will enable our clients to meet their carbon reduction ambitions.
Let me turn to the Subsea outlook. On our first quarter call, we noted that up to 50% of the estimated $15 billion in project value captured on our Subsea opportunity list could be extended beyond the 24-month window. The updated list now reflects real evidence of this trend. Based on public disclosures made by operators, we have identified 8 specific projects that have been extended beyond mid-2022. Importantly, none of these projects have been canceled, and they remain longer-term opportunities for future awards. There have also been new projects added across 4 different basins that we believe will be awarded within the next 2 years, suggesting that previously identified reduction in value for these opportunities, once thought to be as high as 50%, is actually closer to 30%. Remember, the Subsea opportunity list is not a complete list of opportunities available to TechnipFMC. Beyond this large project activity, our orders have been driven by subsea services, direct iEPCI awards and small project activity, much of which is exclusive to our company. 
This opportunity set has generated over $3 billion of inbound in each of the last 3 years and is enabled by our market-leading installed base, growing list of alliance partners and unique integrated feed capabilities. Our front-end engineering teams remain very active, and more than 60% of all integrated feed work is leveraging the benefits of Subsea Studio. We believe this will generate additional proprietary opportunities, some of which will come from our exclusive alliance partners over the next 12 to 18 months. 
For 2020, we continue to believe inbound orders will approximate $4 billion. In the first half of the year, we had $1.7 billion of subsea inbound. And with 5 months remaining in the year, we already see a similar level of inbound for the second half of the year coming from subsea services, small project activity and large project awards pending public announcement. In the interim, we will continue to work closely with our customers as they adjust to the current environment. And we are excited to serve the new entrants that will likely step in to operate potentially stranded opportunities. 
That said, long-term success in Subsea is driven by economics, innovation and relationships, all key attributes of TechnipFMC. This makes us uniquely qualified to remain the Subsea partner of choice now more than ever. 
Turning to LNG. We are currently in the delivery phase of 2 major projects, Coral floating LNG and Arctic LNG 2, and we continue to advance through the warranty phase of Yamal LNG. Yamal been the industry's most successful project ever, and the strength in our execution certainly played a role in NovaTek made consortium's decision to direct award Arctic LNG 2 to TechnipFMC. 
Despite the challenges of COVID-19, we are making good progress on all of these projects. On Arctic LNG 2, we continue to expect the activity to ramp as scheduled over the remainder of 2020. And on the Coral FLNG, we continue to achieve key milestones relating to module integration and instrumentation. Successful execution of these technically and logistically complex projects create strong references, leaving us well positioned to be a key player in the development of the industry's most strategic LNG projects. 
Market dynamics have shifted in recent months. And this will alter the broader LNG landscape in the near term. The number of economically viable projects is likely to decline, but the same can be said of the list of qualified EPC contractors, which will be challenged in this period of subdued project sanctioning. This is not the case for Technip Energies. We have demonstrated remarkable resilience through past cycles, and we don't see this as the start of an extended downturn for us. We have already been awarded 2 additional projects, the first being Rovuma in Mozambique; and the second, Energia Costa Azul in Mexico. Both remain subject to final investment decision, and either of these projects are included in our backlog. While Rovuma has been delayed until 2021, the operator for Costa Azul continues to indicate that FID will take place this year.  
In addition, we are actively tendering a major project in the Middle East and performing front-end engineering work on other LNG prospects. Some of which are likely to move forward due, in part, to their strategic importance to their host country. This potential portfolio of LNG projects will provide us with well-timed project overlap and operational continuity. And the portfolio beyond LNG remains diverse. We have built a solid track record of successful execution, delivering strategic references in areas such as downstream and petrochemicals that leave us well positioned for future project awards. 
We entered this period with a solid foundation built upon the strength of our balance sheet, backlog and execution. While client conversations remain ongoing, the increased visibility we have today gives us confidence in our full year guidance for all business segments. This is further supported by the acceleration of our business transformation initiatives to maintain, if not expand, our market leadership.
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Thank you, Michael, very much for the question. We -- not only did we deliver on the Q2 results, we also provided you guidance now for the outlook for the remainder of the year which actually has an increased delivery in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year and an expectation of margins for at least 8.5%. Clearly, in the second quarter, we were challenged operationally by direct COVID expenses that were called out. But also indirectly, obviously, the overall business and the flow of the business was impacted. Happy to report that through the quarter, and certainly, since we spoke in this forum, most recently back at the end of the first quarter, conditions have certainly improved. At that point, we had a significant number of our total operations that were either temporarily suspended for extended period of time. We're now back to having all of our facilities operating.  
That being said, we're not back to 100% operating efficiency. Although, again, the resiliency of the workforce and their dedication has really delivered some phenomenal results. So we expect that to continue to improve. Obviously, with the caveat that we don't know exactly what will be the future impacts of -- if there were to be future impacts related to the pandemic. But very proud of the work that the team has done, the progress that they've made, the ability to now have the confidence to give you the full year outlook for 2020, with margins continuing to improve in the second half.

Certainly a very exciting opportunity, and I'm going to ask Catherine to provide more color.

Sure. As I mentioned on the earlier question, we're certainly -- have made significant progress and really, again, putting the health, safety and well-being of our employees first, set some industry standards and best practices that we've now shared, not only with our clients, but with our peers and competitors on ways to really try to minimize the spread of the virus, particularly in tight quarters, as an example, on vessels in the manufacturing plants, et cetera. And really, really pleased with the progress that we've made. Obviously, the challenge remains will there be additional implications that we are not aware of yet today that could occur in the second half. And I'll ask Maryann to provide a bit more color.

An important question, and we appreciate you asking it because we would like to provide some additional color. And when we think about our company as a projects business, having prepayments on awarded projects, if you will, is not unusual, right? It's part of the overall mix and part of the projections that we need to make. And Maryann will provide some additional color.

Sure, Amy. In my prepared remarks, I tried to highlight the fact that we have received several awards, which have not yet been announced or not yet been met all the requirements for us to include in our backlog, both in Subsea as well as in Technip Energies. So in Subsea, I talked about the project in Brazil. I talked about a project in Asia Pacific, which, by the way, is an iEPCI project utilizing Subsea 2.0 technology. And I talked about a portfolio of projects in the North Sea recently announced by Equinor. 
In addition for Technip Energies, we announced the Assiut project, which is over $1 billion in total value. So it's been a strong period for us in terms of awards. We have not been able to inbound all of those yet. Conditions haven't been met, but will be met. It's not a question of if the projects will be sanctioned, it's just a slight timing issue. And unfortunately, a few of those fell outside of Q2, but they certainly will be in Q3. That's what provides us the confidence.  
So in my prepared remarks, to be very clear, I said that we have $1.7 billion in the first half of the year. And we already have a clear line of sight on another $1.7 billion. So I think you have to look past the Q2 order rate just because a lot of things fell into early Q3 or were awarded in Q2 but will be FID-ed in Q3. So if you add those together, we have 5 months to fill in the last 10% to approximate the $4 billion of the guidance that we had previously provided and, therefore, I still have confidence, Amy, that we will achieve that.  
In terms of the conversations and the pricing, the clients are very much focused around ensuring they can achieve the very best project economics. Therefore, the majority of the conversations that we have and a very large portion of the total awards that we receive are direct award into our company, most of which don't actually come from that Subsea opportunity list that we publish, which is the list for the public domain that others also have access to. We have a list that -- and I indicated in my script, as much as $3 billion a year on a reoccurring basis that is exclusive to our company. This is what makes us so unique and which allows us to not only be the market leader, but extend our market leadership with our new technology offerings and our new commercial models. 
So those conversations really aren't around pricing, Amy. They are on the project economics. And we work together with a client in a very collaborative way to achieve those most favorable project economics. That's the difference between our company and the others in this space.

Sean, thank you for the question. And I think you highlighted the building blocks very well. If you look at the the order inbound projection for 2020, as we just discussed, you can start to project that in 2021. We already have a lot of the potential revenue covered. We have a strong backlog. We've obviously just got done talking about additional awards and the additional awards in the second half of this year. 
So as far as the revenue line, and you're right, it's early to give 2021 guidance, let's remember, we just, today, are giving H2 2020 guidance, given the disruption that the world experienced last quarter. But it's fair to talk about. And as you said, we're seeing a nice progression of the margins in the second half of the year based upon the guidance that we provided. And as we look into 2021, we expect to continue to improve in terms of getting back to more normalized operating efficiency. We have a strong backlog. We'll be adding new orders, as we just discussed. So when you look at it, again, it gives us confidence that we're going to continue to be able to go back to more normalized level of margins.  
Now one headwind -- we have several, but the one headwind that I would point out that didn't come up in the -- in your question, is the fact that as some of this backlog rescheduling has occurred, it's naturally pushed out the latter stages of the iEPCI projects or any Subsea project. When we -- certainly, for us, it's the benefit of having the iEPCI projects. It's pushed out that installation campaign, in some cases, pushed it out of 2021 and into 2022. So that's the one headwind will be basically the fleet and the fleet utilization and the economic -- the low utilization, the economic impact that, that would have. That would have largely dissipated in 2021 based upon the strong orders we had in 2019 and, again, what we were originally expecting for 2020. 
So it's kind of a balance. But I think when you look forward, you -- there's -- the backlog's strong. The backlog's resilient. We're getting new orders and certainly have a very large portion of the total market. We continue to add new alliance partners. It may not have come across in the script, so I'll repeat it. We are about to announce a new iEPCI exclusive alliance partner, a serious player in the Subsea space. 
So things are moving in the right direction. We obviously have to allow the COVID impact to dissipate, get back to a more normalized environment. We don't know what the future will bring in regards to the pandemic. So we have to be cautious. And we also have to consider that there's a bit of a headwind. But all that means is we're going to continue to move forward in the accretive and constructive direction in terms of the Subsea margins. But realizing that the real benefit of the recovery of the fleet to the installation will now be more likely in the latter part of 2021 and 2022 versus -- which would have been more in 2020. I hope that helps you, Sean.

Sure. Well, Yamal is not over yet. And we do have a large portfolio of other projects that are very important to us as well. And I'll pass it to Catherine to provide more color.

Well, Kurt, you touched on the 2 key ones. A lot of the other initiatives, I would say, are not obvious in terms of their momentum and certainly not obvious in terms of the returns associated in those -- in some of the renewable space. And although we are participants across the renewable space, we really want to focus on where we can provide differentiation and we can have returns that are very attractive versus, if you will, some of the more commoditized parts of the renewable space. So you touched on the 2 key ones. And it's very much how we see it, which is the electrification of the offshore, which is a big opportunity. I would say there is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and momentum on the subject. And we are very, very uniquely positioned here because there's a lot of attributes and technologies that are required to be able to do this. It's not simply providing the electricity, but it's the infrastructure and the equipment and the design and the interfaces with the Subsea completions that are really, really unique. We've been working on this for a period of time. We're partnering well with others in this space, and we believe this will be a very attractive opportunity for our clients as they have stated environmental ambitions that we can become a key partner for them and help them reach those ambitions. And this is an example of how we could do that. 
We're looking beyond just the electrification, and we're actually looking at the electrification through renewable energy. This is where our experience of being involved in the very first offshore floating wind farm gives us a lot of credibility in this space and a lot of experience and knowledge in this space. And as an example, not necessarily from offshore floating wind, but that could be a very unique solution and one that we're very well positioned to be able to provide to our clients. Another potential energy source could be hydrogen, as you point out, and we're very excited about that.  
I'm going to pass the microphone to Catherine and let her talk a bit about our vast experience in the area of hydrogen.

Sure. So thank you very much, and appreciate the question. And obviously, an exciting subject to follow up on. I'll be brief because I know we're running out of time. Actually, the electrification offshore, I would say, is as exciting about is hydrogen and could be very, very impactful. We're talking about going to zero-emission production that is quite significant. When you look at hydrogen, yes, of the renewables and of the differentiation that we have in this space, for us, it is the most exciting. And we believe or we can create the most differentiation and get very constructive returns, again, as opposed to a lot of the renewable space, which is the award numbers are large, but the returns are poor. And that's not the type of projects that we want to focus on. So we're going to keep driving and doing our part. We just joined the Hydrogen Council, and we want to be an active voice and an active advocate and really help to push the development in those areas. 
In terms of a percentage of the total contribution, we probably don't have enough time to get into all the dynamics of it. The question is, do you look at LNG as a very critical energy transition fuel, we certainly do. It certainly has a significant impact and the ability to be able to make it a fungible commodity through LNG. If you include LNG, it's a large percentage. If you exclude all hydrocarbon and just look at the pure renewables, it's a smaller portion of the company today, but we're pivoting strongly in this direction and securing to secure our future as well.

Sure. So we're looking at the digitalization of our company across the board, internal processes, external processes. We highlighted the last couple of quarters -- actually introduced last quarter and highlighted a bit more this quarter Subsea Studio. This is really, really significant. It's going to just drive our differentiation wedge even greater, and we're seeing evidence of that very quickly. It's going to expand beyond the front-end engineering. It will become, if you will, the way Subsea will be develop digitally from the initial front end all the way through the life of the field of the project. So there's a lot more to come on the subject. We'll be continuing to communicate that to you and others as we go forward. 
In the area of Surface Technologies, we're moving to a fully digitized system for well completions. That is really, again, quite exciting and has the impact in terms of the natural benefits of things being digital, but it also has a benefit from a greenhouse gas emissions as well. And Catherine, I'll let you conclude today's call by talking a bit about the digital transformation within Technip Energies.