Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon and good morning. Thank you for participating in our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. 
Let me start by providing an update on our ongoing efforts and cooperation with authorities to resolve investigations involving legacy projects. These matters have progressed to a point where we have made a provision of the probable estimate for an aggregate settlement with all authorities. Let me be clear. These historical individual actions are unacceptable. Since our first day as TechnipFMC, integrity has been a foundational belief that drives the behaviors of the 37,000 women and men of our company. How we do business is as important as why we do business and helps us to recognize and address the ethical dimensions to our everyday decisions. Our strong compliance program promotes a culture of accountability that gives me confidence in how TechnipFMC will always conduct business.
Now turning our attention to the market and our operational performance. Market adoption of the new commercial model that we pioneered is accelerating. And in many cases, the integrated model has become the industry standard for subsea projects. We have also restored growth in total company backlog with a continued focus on project selectivity, positioning our company for future profitable growth. This provides us with a strong foundation for 2019 and beyond. Total company orders exceeded $14 billion for the year, a 40% increase compared to the prior year. 
Orders exceeded revenues in all segments, with Onshore/Offshore particularly successful in securing several key downstream and petrochemical awards. In Subsea, book-to-bill was above 1.1, with considerable growth in iEPCI project inbound, including our largest most comprehensive integrated award to date for Energean's Karish field development. In Surface Technologies, orders grew 36% when compared to the prior year, driven by nearly 70% growth outside of the Americas. The impressive order intake for the total company drove a double-digit increase in backlog to $14.6 billion. 
We exceeded total company financial objectives for a second consecutive year. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin of 12.2% declined just 93 basis points from the prior year despite the revenue decline of 17%. This outperformance was largely driven by continued strength in Onshore/Offshore execution as evidenced by the early delivery of Trains 2 and 3 on Yamal LNG. In fact, the third train on Yamal was delivered more than 12 months ahead of the original schedule, a feat unprecedented in the LNG industry. Notable execution milestones in Subsea included the delivery of the industry's first 3 full-cycle iEPCI projects. Our results were further supported by the delivery of merger and other cost-saving initiatives. And we remain on track to generate $450 million in annualized merger savings by the end of 2019. 
And finally, collaboration with our customers and partners led to the development of several strategic growth initiatives during 2018, which seek to strengthen and differentiate our competitive position and further expand our market opportunity set. Let me highlight a few of these initiatives.  
In Surface Technologies, we announced a frame agreement with Chevron that leverages the value we can create through our integrated drilling and completion offering. This preferred supplier agreement enables us to further support Chevron's development program across the U.S. and Canada through the provision of surface wellheads, production trees and related services well into the next decade. 
In Subsea, I want to highlight 2 achievements. First, we signed a global strategic collaboration agreement with Equinor, which further expands upon our recent iEPCI successes. The agreement emphasizes collaboration from early engagement through the full project life cycle on Equinor's global offshore portfolio. It also encompasses our full scope of products and services, the most comprehensive in the industry, including integrated project execution, next-generation technology and digitalization. Second, our subsea services business was awarded a Master Services Agreement by Petrobras. This represents the industry's first integrated services agreement in Brazil, a market where we have the largest install base of subsea trees, manifolds and flexible pipelines. It also reinforces our long-term commitment to Petrobras as well as supporting the growth in outlook for our subsea services business. 
Collaboration is essential to the success of our strategy, and we are working to secure additional agreements to further strengthen and differentiate our market position. With the subsea market recovery entering its third year, we are rebuilding our backlog in a disciplined way. The market for smaller awards, including brownfield and tieback projects, remains very active. TechnipFMC has the industry's largest install base, which uniquely positions us to capture a high share of this expanding market. In addition, many of these awards come through our alliance relationships and are often the result of a direct award. Since the formation of TechnipFMC in January of 2017, we have secured over $10 billion of subsea order inbound. The majority of this reflects smaller awards in subsea services work, demonstrating that we are not overly reliant on large competitive tenders to support our business. 
Subsea services returned to growth in 2018. We anticipate double-digit growth this year, driven by an improving subsea market as well as strategic investments we have made in this business. 
TechnipFMC pioneered the integrated model and has delivered the industry's only full-cycle projects. The savings in both cost and time are now being realized. This gives us confidence we will see further market growth and integrated projects in 2019. 
This year, we have already secured new projects from BP and Lundin, both first-time iEPCI customers. Our expanding list of project references, when combined with our unique breadth and differentiation of our integrated offering, positions us well for continued growth in iEPCI backlog in the coming year. This will be driven in part by a further broadening of iEPCI alliance partners. 
Now let me provide a quick update on the Subsea outlook. As evidenced by our recent awards, the deepwater market has moved into 2019 with strong momentum. We continue to anticipate another year of activity growth, with integrated awards becoming an even larger component of the Subsea mix for both TechnipFMC and the broader market. In our updated Subsea opportunities list, we have made several project additions that are reflective of more recent activity trends. With continued project sanctioning and expanding opportunities in Asia Pacific and brazil as well as growing momentum across Africa, we have added 4 new projects to the list. As previously discussed, there is a substantial market beyond large competitive tenders, including work in the brownfield and tieback markets, subsea service and other strategic project opportunities for TechnipFMC. Our comprehensive capabilities positions us well to capitalize on all of these market opportunities. It is also important to note that several projects on the list will serve to feed existing LNG infrastructure, while others will create new opportunities for large-scale gas monetization.
Turning to Onshore/Offshore. I want to reemphasize some of the strategic differentiators that we believe distinguishes us and drives our industry-leading returns. We take a selective approach, targeting projects where we have a real competitive advantage or the ability to create one. We do this through early customer engagement, with our demonstrated engineering competencies and proprietary technologies, through strong client relationships and local presence and with robust project execution. 
Now let me illustrate how these strategic differentiators contributed to our success in 2018. Inbound orders of $7.4 billion nearly doubled when compared to the prior year, and backlog grew 27%. Over the last decade, this is the second-highest inbound level for Onshore/Offshore. And perhaps most importantly, we have sustained the same level of anticipated profitability from our non-Yamal LNG backlog during this period of significant inbound growth, a testament to our ability to both replace and further grow backlog without compromising project selectivity. We will use this same strategy to successfully navigate the LNG market, where projects are often large, requiring highly complex logistics. These project characteristics play to our strengths, and we will remain disciplined and selective. 
Stronger-than-expected demand for LNG is being driven by Asia Pacific, with China notably importing over 40% more LNG in 2018 than in 2017. This has re-energized the LNG market, and momentum on Final Investment Decisions is now stronger then we envisioned during 2018. When assessing the future opportunity set, we are currently tracking more than 20 projects in the LNG space globally. While we do not expect all these prospects to move forward, we see potential for significant new capacity to be sanctioned over the next 18 to 24 months. This near-term potential was well above historical growth rates and provides us with a unique portfolio of opportunities. We will leverage our most extensive reference projects, incumbent positions and global client relationships toward those projects that are most strategic to TechnipFMC and offer the highest probability of successful execution.
In summary, 2018 was a year of many successful milestones for our company, and we acknowledge and appreciate the steadfast commitment of the women and men of TechnipFMC and their achievements. We enter 2019 with an improved to backlog and even greater visibility on inbound activity than we had a year ago, driven by the strengthening momentum we see in international surface activity, the next wave of LNG projects and the accelerated pace of Subsea project sanctioning. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss the financial results in more detail.

Thank you, James, for the question. Rest assured, we have remained very disciplined throughout this period. In prior quarters, I had described how we are confident because of the success that we have and the base load that we have already because of our install base with our subsea services activity; direct award for many alliance partners; and more importantly, the iEPCI opportunity set that is proprietary to our company because of the integrated FEED work that we have been doing. So whereas we have had the opportunity to add some additional awards and we're excited about those awards, the real question is how does it stack up for the rest of the market and for our competitors? And will that reduce some of the level of predatory pricing going forward, particularly in the area of the installation contracts? And as there have been a series of awards that have been won by us but as well as by our competition, we think that does indeed set up well, and we would expect to see that normalization of pricing. But again, I just want to conclude by ensuring that we have had a strategy all along to maintain our assets, to be able to use them where we can create the greatest value for our clients and the greatest differentiation for TechnipFMC, and that is on the iEPCI projects. And that is why we have been patient and we have been very, very disciplined along the way.

James, interesting question. It certainly is a benefit. And we have always been quite disciplined from a financial point of view to maintain that, the strength of our balance sheet. And that certainly plays to our competitive advantage. That being said, we have maintained our process of selectivity that we have done throughout our portfolio, including on our downstream portfolio, in petrochemicals, our refining and fertilizers that you saw us secure very successfully in 2018. So in regards to LNG, we think we are well positioned. We are tracking over 20 projects globally. We have focused on 5 strategic projects. Interestingly there, over 5 different countries, we have 7 different partners or potential partnerships across those projects. And that's the way that we will make sure that our portfolio is properly represented and carries the right opportunity and risk profile as we move forward.

Yes, if you go 18 to 24 months, I think it's a realistic expectation, James. I was going to make the comment, if you look at it over any 12-month period or even the 10 months remaining in 2019, as you know, these are big, big projects. They will move around. Predicting the actual timing of a project, I don't think, is beneficial in this -- or any environment just because of the size of the project. So we remain a bit prudent. We have a strategic list of projects. We work those very diligently. We have a very strong level of front-end engineering activity and detailed engineering, which, as you know, is -- meaning we're getting close to moving -- potentially moving forward with project FIDs. And we monitor those very closely. And we have a very dynamic approach to our -- and selective approach to the way that we look at the opportunities. So always difficult because of the potential timing, but I could concur that there is certainly an opportunity set out there that could meet the metric that you've laid out.

Well, this will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can only relay to you what we're seeing in our activity. We have not seen any change in the momentum. If anything, we have seen an acceleration. You may note we have already announced several projects in the first quarter. The value of those projects exceeds the total value inbounded in the fourth quarter of 2018 already in the first quarter of 2019, of just of the announced projects. And as you know, we always have a very strong foundation of subsea services and other activity that's direct-awarded, mainly in the brownfield and tieback arena. We are very confident in the level of iEPCI awards, will be accelerating. Why is that, James? We have a unique proprietary set of projects that we only have exposure to because of the activity that we've been doing over the last years with the integrated FEED projects which are then converted to a direct iEPCI award. We've already announced 3 iEPCI awards in 2019 to date, 2 for Lundin and 1 for BP, both new customers to the iEPCI model. So we remain quite enthusiastic about 2019 and the opportunities that will be presented. And we think the first half is setting up to be a really strong performance for our company.

Thank you for the question, Rob. Indeed, Arctic LNG 2 is a strategic opportunity for our company. We have been performing the FEED study, and we are now in the detailed engineering phase of that project. We think we have a significant amount to contribute to that project, following the very successful Yamal LNG project. As we did in the Yamal LNG project, we will continue to move forward whilst respecting and acknowledging the sanctions that are in place or potential sanctions that could be in place. But at this time, we continue to actively engage and would be very proud to be part of the Arctic LNG 2 project and have another successful project as we did on Yamal LNG.

Yes. Let me start, Bill, then I'll turn it over to Maryann. We have said -- we had anticipated an increase in our subsea services activity when we did our forecasting. We are obviously just validating that and providing some additional color around that at this time. So I just want to make sure that, that's clear. But we -- indeed, you are correct. It is very important portion of our portfolio and a real differentiator for our company as we have the largest install base of subsea equipment and flexible pipes in the industry.

Sure. So I'll take the Onshore/Offshore, Amy, thank you for the question. Indeed, we had strong reimbursable activity associated with the some of our ongoing projects. Keep in mind what I said earlier on some of our LNG activity, we've had very strong activity, including moving into the detailed engineering phase, which would mean additional activity and additional revenues associated with it. And we also had previously announced that we continue to increase the work that we're doing on a reimbursable basis on the Exxon Mobil blade project in the U.S. So actually, quite a bit of activity, as you pointed out, that was not, if you will, named projects. But very strong level of activity based on our existing portfolio of projects, plus a couple of new reimbursable projects, as pointed out, and more activity moving from FEED to detailed engineering on our LNG opportunity list.

Sure, David. Thank you for the question. I guess you'd have to say medium to large. There is no real opportunity to set in LNG that would be small. And you can look at that based upon the projects that we're currently operating or that we have delivered in the past. But let's put it in size of number of potential trains, right? So there is a project we're looking at right now that we're working with our partner, KBR, to deliver the FEED study, and that will be through the Nigeria LNG Train 7. In that case, it's a brownfield project. There are 6 existing trains, so this would be the addition of 1 train. In several of the other greenfield projects that we're looking at, we're looking at up to 3 to 4 trains on those projects. And then you take a brownfield project like Qatar gas expansion, which, because of the size of the trains and the number of trains in the expansion, could actually be as large as any of the greenfield projects that are being investigated at this time. 
What you further should consider when you think about it from how it impacts, if you will, our profile going forward, is, as I said earlier, on those 5 strategic projects that we're following, we're looking at 7-plus different partners, sometimes multiple partners on a project or one other partner on a project. And that's a good way for us to also ensure that we can use our resources or we can create the greatest value in each and every one of those projects while partnering with very competent partners to provide other portions of the scope. It also allows us to further diversify our portfolio and our exposure to any one those projects of. If you want to try to put it into dollar terms, you're looking at -- it's billions of dollars, up to 10s of billions of dollars, realizing, again, that we would -- it would be unlikely that we would take the scope of full $10-plus billion project without a partner.

Depending upon the timing of the sanctioning. Again, we tend to be a bit conservative, back to an earlier question of LNG opportunities. But there are some projects that could move forward earlier in the year, and we could see some benefit from that. Keep in mind, to the earlier comment or question from Amy, we're doing on some of these projects, we've moved from the FEED to the detailed engineering, which can bring a very sizable engineering contract of -- in the hundreds of millions of dollars of detailed engineering work. So they're sizable opportunities for our company that come just prior to a potential project FID. So if it came early enough, it's possible. But lots of detailed engineering, additional detailed engineering we could be doing for the -- throughout the remainder of the year. And with a potential sanctioning, if it happened earlier in the year, there could be some revenue from the project. But you are correct in saying that, that would likely come over a period of years.

So we're still early in the discussions. And as you know, in these types of things, when the settlement is reached, there's multiple aspects to a settlement. And it's very early for us to comment on it at this time. And yes, there could be other elements to the settlement. Although I have to say we're very pleased with the level of cooperation and discussion that we're having, and we will continue to work in a very collaborative way to resolve these historical issues.

Kurt, thank you very much. On the first one on the iEPCI as a percentage of revenue, I'll tell you what, I got that one wrong. The good news is I got it wrong in the right way, Kurt. We feel quite strongly that within 2019, iEPCI will exceed that 25% target. And in terms of the Subsea 2.0, we talked about it earlier. Most -- the highest percentage of our FEED studies now include Subsea 2.0 technology in those FEED studies. They're now beginning to be converted into projects, which gives us increased confidence in the ability to be able to have more demonstrated success of that technology in the marketplace. When you commercialize a platform, the change in a platform like we did in Subsea 2.0, you have to go through a series of qualifications with your clients before they're made to be part of their standard procedures going forward. We've now accomplished that with the majority -- the vast majority of the major subsea operators, who are actually quite excited about the progress that we made. And as I said, it's in the FEED studies now and now being included into the tenders. Thank you.

Kurt, again, it really depends. As I said, when you're looking at a 1-train expansion of a brownfield site, you can obviously accelerate that because a lot of the utilities is already in place; and a lot of the permitting and infrastructure, including some potentially some foundation activity, is already in place. When you're looking at a pure greenfields site, there is certainly -- it's spread over a longer period of time. Typically, if you look at the pure greenfield remote site, it can be 5 to 7 years. If you look at an FLNG opportunity, it tends to be in the range of 60 months. And if you look at some of these brownfield activities, could potentially be in that 60-month range as well. So that would be  -- it's pretty broad because, again, the opportunity set that we're looking at goes across all of those categories just mentioned. So I guess if you wanted to summarize it, you'd say around 4 to 7 years, depending upon the project type.

Yes, clearly, there's a -- those at least that have demonstrated the ability to be able to deliver these projects and to deliver these projects not only on schedule, but in some cases, ahead of schedule, it's a list of a few companies. And we're very, very proud to be on that list. And I recognize the women and men of our Onshore/Offshore global business unit who have been able to achieve such an outstanding performance. So because of that, we would expect, on these very large projects, that the customer would recognize that and we would be rewarded accordingly. What does that mean, if it's couple of hundred basis points or something in that range? That's probably realistic to assume.

Sure. So as you would expect, Michael, we have an ongoing fleet strategy. It's important for us, as you say, to understand what is our opportunity set versus our capacity and our capabilities. We've been very conservative in not chasing work that would tie up our fleet, that we could not leverage in our iEPCI opportunities, and I think that's playing out very well in our favor. And we will see the benefit from that for the years to come. So that's point number one. Point number two, we continue to invest in our existing fleet, where we have opportunities and long-term contracts. Like we recently announced in Brazil, we were able to add a vessel under a long-term contract with our partner, DOF, under our JV. And we were able to replace one of our existing dive support vessels with a vessel with much higher capabilities at an opportunistic commercial model and bring in a new dive support vessel into our fleet. I think looking forward though, the whole industry has to reflect upon what we have -- the situation that we have created for ourselves. As long as we focus on having the biggest, the largest and the highest quantity of large fixed assets, regardless if it's vessels, rigs or frac units for that matter, we'll continue to underperform the level of returns that is expected from our investors. We are prepared to step up, take leadership in this area much as we have across the subsea space, certainly with the creation of the integrated model that we have now created and has been adopted broadly across the industry. We will do the same thing in regards to our fleet. So you should expect us to be very prudent, to work well with others, to be willing to collaborate with others in order to be able to ensure that there is an overall level of capital and assets in the industry that can deliver reasonable and acceptable returns to the investment community through the cycle.

Michael, thank you for the question. Look, I think what we've done as a result of the merger is support the Onshore/Offshore GBU and continue to provide the tools and resources that they need to execute their work. This is a high-performing part of the business, it has been for a long time. So humbly, I would say what we've done is continue to support them. We have some of the very best project managers in the industry. We have the best leadership in the industry, and they've proven themselves year-after-year by performing some of the world's most complex projects and delivering financial performance that outperforms their peer group.

That's a reasonable assumption, yes.