Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Joining me today is Alf Melin, our Chief Financial Officer. Second quarter results reflect another strong quarter for our company. Total company revenue improved sequentially to $1.7 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $144 million, with both Subsea and Surface Technologies reporting and adjusted EBITDA margin of 11%. Total company inbound orders were $1.6 billion. In Subsea, we demonstrated our ability to continue winning with inbound totaling $1.3 billion for the quarter. 
The strength in the first half of the year has been indicative of the continued market progression we outlined last year. This includes 10 announced awards, 50% of which will be executed as integrated or iEPCI projects. The strong start to 2021 is clear evidence of our leadership position and is highlighted by significant milestones achieved in the second quarter. These include the addition of 2 new iEPCI clients, Karoon, where we will execute our first iEPCI in Brazil for the Patola field, and Tullow, where we utilized our Subsea Studio digital solution to optimize field layout for the Jubilee development in Ghana. 
Also in the quarter, we announced an award from Equinor for the Kristin Sør Field, where we leveraged our early engagement capabilities and will utilize the Deep Arctic, which is equipped with a hybrid battery solution that reduces greenhouse gas emissions. And an award from Petrobras for the supply of production equipment, installation services and intervention support for field 6 through 9 of the Buzios project. 
Importantly, the SURF opportunities for these fields remain on our Subsea opportunity list each of which have been identified with values in a range of $500 million to $1 billion. Our long history of partnerships and collaboration continues to benefit our inbound orders. Direct awards in the quarter were nearly 60% of inbound orders, which came from iEPCI, direct awards and Subsea Services. 
In Surface Technologies, inbound orders were $268 million, up 32% from the first quarter. By region, international orders increased by more than 50%, as well completion activity continued to recover from the prior year decline. Growth was led by the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar as well as the North Sea and China. Orders in the Americas increased by approximately 10%, reflecting continued momentum in drilling and completion activity and the success of our iComplete offering. Our 2021 revenue guidance for Surface Technologies anticipates further order growth in the second half of the year when compared to the first half, fueled by increased market activity, new customer alliances, expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in Saudi Arabia and the continued market penetration of new technologies. 
In total, our second quarter results demonstrate that our businesses and end markets continue to improve. Subsea inbound orders of $2.8 billion in the first half of the year were very strong. We continue to see a healthy list of prospects and remain very confident in our full year guidance of more than $4 billion. Furthermore, growth in 2022 is supported by an increasing set of opportunities. When using the midpoint value of our Subsea opportunity list, the project award potential has increased by nearly 20% to $17 billion over the next 24 months. 
Looking beyond the strengthening of the traditional market, we believe that offshore will play a meaningful role in the new energy mix. Last quarter, I introduced the 4 pillars underpinning our approach toward new and novel energies, wind, wave, hydrogen and carbon transportation and storage. As we look at them today, we are making steady progress in our partnerships focused on wind and wave opportunities. The market momentum for wind development continues to support increased investment in this abundant source of renewable energy. And when combined with wave technology, we can generate even greater energy output and reduced intermittency, utilizing the integrated offshore solutions. Our Deep Purple solution is centered around technology development and integration capabilities that convert this renewable energy into hydrogen, enabling economies of scale that were previously unattainable by Offshore renewables projects. Our client conversations are now centered on commercial projects utilizing Deep Purple technologies. 
Last week, we announced our partnership with Portuguese Energy Utility, EDP as well as several notable research partners in a concept study for the development of a new offshore system for green hydrogen production from Offshore wind power. This project is called Beyond. Working with our consortium partners, we will leverage our extensive experience in Subsea engineering, technologies developed on Deep Purple and essential integration capabilities with a goal to develop a standardized solution that can be implemented worldwide, allowing for a large-scale hydrogen production from renewable wind resources. 
Lastly, while the energy industry is devoting significant attention to carbon reduction, there is still much work to be done. Importantly, the carbon has to be stored somewhere. We believe one of the safest and most efficient locations for the storage can be found offshore, where it can be maintained in naturally occurring reservoirs that exist in many regions around the world. We are well positioned to be the leading provider in subsea carbon transportation and storage. We have been investing in this space for sometime and have also partnered with others in the development of new technologies. 
We look forward to further showcasing our progress, including several of the technologies and integration capabilities being utilized across the new energy space at our upcoming investor event scheduled for November 16. 
With the development of new energy solutions, we are still -- while the development of new energy solutions are still in their infancy, our fundamental belief is that clean energy will be increasingly sourced and stored offshore given the anticipated volume and scale required to meet future energy demand. 
As the Subsea architect, we are building partnerships in support of new energy, leveraging our differentiated technologies and capitalizing on subsea expertise and integrated project execution. Our 4 pillars are not mutually exclusive. And yet it is not clear which single pillar or combination will prove to be the market's preferred choice in the energy transition. Regardless, TechnipFMC is well positioned to play a material and successful role in their development, driven by our core competencies, collaboration, innovation and integration. I will now turn the call over to Alf to discuss our financial results and to provide an update to our full year financial guidance.

Thank you, Alf. Before we move to Q&A, I would like to close with a few remarks. Our solid first half results were driven by our unique positioning as an industry pure play, levered to Subsea and international land markets. We see continued improvement in the broader market outlook as evidenced by the growing value of our Subsea opportunity list as well as proprietary iFEED and iEPCI opportunities. And these support our full year financial guidance, where we have increased our expectations for both operating segments. 
Our success is driven by our core competencies, having pioneered and delivered next-generation Subsea Technologies and the industry's only fully integrated commercial model, and we are demonstrating that these unique capabilities are 100% transferable to the renewables energy space, giving us confidence in our ability to extend our leadership in subsea to the development of new and novel energy resources offshore. 
Operator you may now open the line for questions.

Yes. Thank you, David. It gives me a great opportunity to let you know that we had a celebration this past Brazil, where we delivered our 700th trees, 700 trees out of Brazil. So yes, we've been here a long time. And as you said, we've been the leading provider of Petrobras and involved in many of the very large and significant tree orders in the past. Those are largely behind us now, David, and we're really working on new orders. I had in the prepared remarks about the Buzios project, which was very interesting because it was for multiple phases and also provided where we'll be doing installation services for quite some time, which is very important to us as well in our Subsea Services business. Going forward, the tree orders are more focused around projects, and in some cases, multiple phases of projects like our recent announcement for the Buzios 6 through 9 fields. 
But not just a large lump sum tree orders, if you will, that we had seen previously. So we think there'll be again, more associated with specific projects or multiple phases of a project. Flexibles are a little bit different. We're still seeing more, let's say, volume-based orders and the flexibles are being used in multiple different applications on different fields and different projects. And we certainly have seen and anticipate further large flexible awards in Brazil, where, as you know, a very important differentiated product line for us and a very strong position in Brazil.

I think a lot of it exactly has to do with the visibility. They've got a relatively long queue of projects. You can see that on the Subsea opportunity list and I think their ability to be able to tie the awards to the specific projects is -- they'd preferred path at this time versus just ordering 100 or 200 trees, if you will, in a single tranche.

Yes, approximately 60% to 70% depending upon the quarter. of the Surface business is -- Surface international as opposed to Surface Americas. And spot on, it's the Middle East that's really driving the activity. That's important for us. The type of product or trees -- production trees that we deliver in the Middle East are approximately 10x the value of which you would deliver in the U.S. much more sophisticated from a technology point of view. We have significant differentiation, both in the technology, but we also have differentiation as we're fully integrated, and we have the ability to be able to deliver the products more or less entirely in-house, not relying on third parties, which, again, allows us to capture more of the knowledge, the know-how and the differentiation. The activities picked up. We -- in the prepared remarks, I mentioned that we had a 50% 5-0 increase in inbound activity, and we expect another strong Q3 for Middle East awards that are materializing this quarter.

Sure. Thank you, Arun. Let me just kind of go through like a typical integrated project. And why, yes, they tend to have preferable financial economics for our company. First and foremost, we don't start at the project bidding stage, if you will. There is no bidding stage in most cases. We start at an integrated FEED study. So we're sitting at the table with the client talking about an integrated full field Subsea development, which we're the only company that's capable of providing such a service to our clients. At that point, we look at the project economics, and we are completely aligned in our objectives, which is to develop the most economical Subsea infrastructure or architecture that can maximize the value of the asset or of the reservoir that's in place for our client. 
So our objective, again, is around the project economics, not bidding a particular product or product line or a delineated kind of a bidding schedule. So we work around those project economics once we achieve those project economics we then the integrated execution phase. And as you correctly pointed out, there's a lot of leverage for us in that phase because we're now responsible for the engineering, the manufacturing, the delivery, the installation and the commissioning of the Subsea field -- We can do it all at once, we can do it in multiple phases. We can utilize the cadence of our manufacturing versus the availability of the fleet, as an example. We have a targeted date to achieve the final installation and commissioning. But the nature of how we actually go through the workflow and the process of doing so is within our control. That has worked well again for everyone involved because in most cases, by doing an iFEED direct award iEPCI, we've been able to reduce or reduce delivery times or accelerate time to first oil from a project economics perspective between 12 and 14 months acceleration of first oil, which has a dramatic improvement in the overall project economics. So the client -- our partner, our client is winning, and we're winning and it's most definitely our preferred model. As you point out, it's an advantage because these are direct awards, also avoiding a competitive tendering situation.

Sure. I'll cover it at a high level, and then I'm going to have Alf kind of walk through with is the -- what is the typical contracting methodology that we use and therefore, what is the exposure or lack of exposure to some of the inflationary pressures. Look, first and foremost, from the beginning, we decided as a company that we were not only going to look out for the health and well-being of our employees throughout COVID, which, of course, everybody was dedicated to, but also by working with our clients and with our suppliers. It was clear that what we went -- what we were going through was going to have a dramatic impact, and we've seen that in terms of those companies that came out strong and several who did not come out at all. So we've been working from the beginning being very open and transparent with our suppliers trying to understand what were their concerns. 
I'm really proud of our supply chain and procurement team. They were ahead of it. We have a reputation in the industry of being very collaborative, being very transparent and being easy to work with. So we sat with our suppliers just as we do with our clients. But in this case, understanding from them kind of what were their issues. In some cases, we concentrated our spend in order to help them. And in some cases, we had to actually spread out our spend because we knew that they were facing certain challenges, be it with the access to transportation and logistics or being able to get people into their facilities, whatever it may be. 
So the lesson learned there was treat people like you want to be treated yourself. It's the way our customers treated us because of our reputation and our relationship with our customers, we did the same with the supply chain. As a result of that, we feel we have a healthy supply chain. That being said, we still work with them as COVID and the impacts of COVID are different in different locations around the world. We are a global company. We have the ability to be able to shift activity where there are concerns. We are also addressing probably the bigger issue right now, which is around transportation and logistics, and we're doing some really creative things there, too. using long rail as opposed to ocean freight and using shorter ocean freight, which has really been helpful. And our team has done a great job of really getting ahead of it and building up the -- some of the more challenging materials that have become quite challenged in terms of access and availability we've been able to secure those in bulk ahead of time, which is a benefit of our Subsea 2.0 technology offering, where we're not building bespoke equipment and we're able to buy materials in bulk ahead of time. I'm going to pass it to Alf and he'll go through kind of the contracting model.

Sure. So I guess I'll take them in the order that you asked the questions. Just if you could clarify, you said there was somebody provided guidance that in the near term or midterm? Did not it return to....

Clearly, that's not how we see the Subsea market, not sure of the analysis, but we talk a lot -- as you mentioned earlier, that our success in creating alliances, which result in direct awards, the success of our iEPCI our integrated offering, the majority of which are direct awarded to our company, perhaps it's the difference of seeing the view of the total market, if you will, the available market plus our proprietary market, but I can assure you we do not share the view that we will not return in the near or midterm to the 2019 levels of tree count. That's -- we don't share that view. 
Moving on to your second question around the Mero project. Yes, I'm aware of the article. I guess at this time, it's probably best if we provide the facts, which will allow everyone to understand what is happening on the Mero 1 project. So first and foremost, there is no impact to our forecast or the guidance. And as stated by Petrobras, there's no impact to first oil. So those are the facts. What is also true is that there is a very challenging pipeline system that includes what's called mechanically line pipe or MLP being used on this project. That's a result of the known industry phenomenon called stress corrosion cracking as a result of the high CO2 content of many of the pre-salt reservoirs in Brazil. So much like we had experienced as an industry around flexible pipe the exact same phenomenon happens with rigid pipe. Therefore, you run a liner inside of the carbon steel pipe to protect the carbon steel from the corrosive environment that is inherent in a high CO2 environment. That mechanically line pipe, think of it as running a stent inside of your -- an artery in your heart, that needs to be secured to be held in place. 
So the way that it's secured to be held in place not with a few sutures, but in this case, it's through clad welding. So it's a technique to add a stainless steel welding material to take that stainless steel liner and make it adhere to the carbon steel pipe or the riser. The process of doing that weld is very sophisticated. It's largely a manual process and it requires a very high level of quality control. What is true is that we had identified that in some cases, the quality or -- and more so the depth of the weld that was the result in well did not meet our quality standards or the quality standard we had agreed with Petrobras. So we are going through a process of rework on some of the welds to be able to ensure that we have the proper welding -- the proper finer weld in place, which would therefore result in a very stable riser system for the project. This is not specific to the Mero 1 project. This is specific to all of the projects that are using rigid risers, which require mechanical line pipe and clad welding. So this is not common to a specific project. 
We are well advanced. We understand it. We're the most experienced in the mechanically lined pipe. We are experts in clad welding. In this case, we are using a subcontractor to do the work. just due to the nature of the diameter of the pipe that's being clad welded, and we're working with them to resolve the problem. And again, it's just an issue of rework. No impact again, to our forecast or our guidance, no impact to first oil as stated by Petrobras. So always good to have the facts, I guess, and those are the facts. 
I will point out that ultimately, let's engineer out this potential quality concern. And the way that we're going to do that is by going with hybrid flexible pipe. Hybrid flexible pipe will not require welding, aligner to be welded. And it will be a permanent solution and a sustainable solution, and it also benefits Petrobras in the Brazilian market as we can then use the ecosystem of the vessels and technology and plants that are in place in Brazil to permanently remove this risk. 
So again, it's known, it's well under control. We are actually sharing our learning with others because others will -- are or will be faced with the same challenge. But ultimately, this is about engineering out the problem moving from rigid risers back to flexible risers, which will be done -- which we'll be able to do when we have our hybrid flexible pipe fully qualified and using it for these applications in Brazil, and it's advancing quite well.

We're pretty excited. We're very excited as well. Look to partner will EDP is really a privilege and an honor. We've got a great group of other constituents that we're also stuck with. Kind of where are we in the process? When we talk about a concept study, in this case, it's not like meaning it's not an academic concept study, I should say. This is a -- this is now a project. So it's a project that starts at the concept phase, just like an oil and gas project. Then it moves to the front-end engineering phase, where you're really now starting to put in place material volumes and really starting to understand what would it take what would it take to complete a final project. And then it would go into the actual project sanctioning and execution phase. 
Our approach is to design 1 and build many. So the idea would be to really study this and understand how we can put in place a unique -- very unique system that would leverage the knowledge and experience of us as a subsea company and our development and technologies of Deep Purple along with EDP and their vast experience and knowledge of energy, energy infrastructure and energy transmission to really put in place an overall unique scope of activity that could be deployed again in many different applications. So you ask about tomming and that's fair and that's always the question when we talk about new energies. And it's hard to say specific timing at this point, although I would say there's a -- all of the partners are very incentivized and very motivated and understand the opportunity, and we're going to work through this in a collaborative way. When you do these things, you'll some ideas will succeed and some ideas will fail, and then they'll be filtered out and you'll bring in new ideas until you come up with that final front-end engineering design, and we're working through that process right now. But again, couldn't be more pleased to partner up with EDP and the other research consortiums that are involved with us.

Sure Ian. look, there's always scenarios, and there is no doubt we are extremely pleased with the cadence that we've started off the first half of the year and the strength of the first half of the year inbound. I think it speaks again volumes to the differentiated position that we have in the industry. Again, keeping in mind that our -- we just announced our Q2 inbound, but no Subsea opportunities were removed from the Subsea opportunity list. So basically, direct awards or proprietary work that came to our company, which is I guess, makes us really, really proud of what we've accomplished. At the same time, the Subsea opportunity list has grown by 20% and now has a value of $17 billion with the potential to be awarded over the next 24 months. There is no doubt, there is no doubt the cycle is setting up very well. We started talking about this 1 year ago, 1 year ago when it was not at all I guess, viewed by most that we would be entering into this type of an environment. That's because of, again, the proprietary access, the information that we have, the relationships that we have with our clients gave us that confidence to provide that outlook over a year ago. 
When we look at what's out there right now, the consensus number on inbound is more in that $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion range. We're getting into that tricky part of the year, Ian, where our orders going to happen on December 31? Or are they going to happen on January 3. And I don't mean that sarcastically, we actually see that quite often, where, in some cases, clients will want to accelerate spend into the current year, perhaps for budgetary reasons. And in other cases, they want to defer the investment decision until the beginning of the following year. I don't have a clear line of sight on that. The team is working on that right now. We're really trying to sit down and understand from our clients kind of what is the most likely outcome. But clearly, with the timing of some of those awards coming into the fourth quarter, we would anticipate our inbound to be trending much closer to the consensus number that's out there than the greater than $4 billion we are today.

Yes. Look, I don't want to spend too much time on the subject, not that it's not critically important. But no, we're not trying to -- there's no hidden message here. Keep in mind a couple of things. As you pointed out, there's very little book and turn in our Subsea business. That's the advantage. I mean you can already start to look at how much backlog we have for next year and beyond as we provide the backlog scheduling, which gives a lot of confidence, and that's the benefit of having this business as a our primary business in the portfolio. 
So there's not a lot of opportunity to really ramp. You can ramp inbound, but you don't get a lot of that in the current year, you get some, but you don't get very much of that converted in the current year. In addition to that, keep in mind, the Q4 seasonality, it occurs every year, and we would expect to have some Q4 seasonality this year as well.

Sure. So I'm going to pass it to Alf and he'll share with you kind of where we are on CapEx and what we see happening in the second half of the year because it's actually quite exciting. And then he'll talk about kind of the beyond. You were asking about also the capital intensity of the new energies. Did I hear that correctly? Was that the last
Question?

Okay. Why don't I take that 1 up front. Look, our approach as it is in traditional energy is to be a technology provider. And as long as we're a technology provider, we feel we can do it without significant capital investment. Now that doesn't mean there won't be some capital investment. But are we going to build the mother of all vessels to go out and install structures? No, that's not what we're going to do. Are we going to engineer solutions that might not require the mother of all structures that could be really unique and not require a big capital-intensive asset base. That's the way we approach everything we do. I'm going to pass it to Alf to talk about the specific question around CapEx.

Sure. Thank you very much for the questions. Regarding the SURF awards in Brazil, yes, on the opportunity list, it's projects that are likely to be sanctioned in the next 24 months. So no, not all of those would be awarded, but we would not be surprised to see a SURF award or potentially 2 SURF awards in Brazil between now and the end of the year. Obviously, that's up to our client to decide the exact timing of the award, but just looking at where we are in the tendering phases of some of those projects, it would not be a surprise. 
Regarding HFP qualification, this is really an important and kind of confidential to Petrobras. So I don't want to say anything out of context. Other than to say, we are very pleased with the progress that we are making around the HFP qualification. and Petrobras working hand-in-hand with Petrobras every step of the way. And we are quite advanced and they are very pleased with where we are in the process, but I need to stop there because the rest is really Petrobras has asked us to maintain the confidentiality of the actual schedule.

Sure, Waqar. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but the -- there was a rather material increase sequentially Q1 to Q2 and our international orders, and I would say, much less pronounced in the North America orders from Q1 to Q2. But clearly, Q2 was a strong order level for Subsea International. And also, just bear in mind, when we talk about inbound and when we talk about backlog, it's almost exclusively in our international business. Almost everything we do in the North America business falls under book in turn.

For international, we expect continued progression into the third quarter. Most of the orders typically come in, in Q3 and Q4. There's a couple of geographies, particularly in North Africa that tend to do large year-end orders based upon inventory levels. Too early to comment on those, but we would expect incremental Middle East orders in Q3 versus Q2. And again, in terms of North America, we see somewhat of a -- we're forecasting at least somewhat of a steady progression. But the North America market always remains the most cyclical and the most difficult to forecast and a very small portion of our business.

So I'm excited to say the book-to-bill this year is $1 billion year-to-date. So that's important to note. I probably should have emphasized that earlier on in the discussion, just to make sure that that's recognized, and I think we're in a unique position in that scenario. Do I see the book-to-bill improving in 2022 versus 2021? The answer would be yes.

Sure. I think Alf will take that question.

Combination of subsea services and the fleet.