Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you all for participating in our second quarter earnings call. Q2 represents another strong quarter for our company. Total company revenues were $3 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $377 million. All 3 business units delivered solid results, including a strong sequential EBITDA margin improvement in Surface Technologies, which serves as a good example of our execution focus. Total company inbound orders improved to $4.2 billion. Onshore/Offshore inbound of $2.3 billion was particularly notable, driven by new project awards as well as additional work on existing projects. 
Taking a closer look at inbound orders. The second quarter represents our third consecutive quarter of order growth and our highest order intake to date as TechnipFMC. Total company book-to-bill was above 1 for a second consecutive quarter, driving sequential growth in backlog to $14.9 billion. The improvement in Onshore/Offshore has been significant. Backlog now stands at $8.3 billion, an increase of 30% since year-end. 
Operating results in Surface Technologies recovered, as anticipated, from the weaker first quarter performance, delivering adjusted EBITDA margins of 18.1% in the period. The segment resolved the transitory issues faced in the prior quarter and continued to benefit from strength in the Americas, which accounted for over half of segment revenues in the quarter.
Activity in the U.S. land market continued its steady upward trajectory during the quarter, with well completion activity notably robust and outpacing the increase in drilling activity. Also in the quarter, Shell announced the early start of production from the Kaikias development in the Gulf of Mexico, the industry's first full cycle iEPCI project. Production was achieved 1 year ahead of schedule, with a break -- project breakeven below $30 per barrel. Working with our long-term partner Shell, our goal was simple: to improve project economics and accelerate time to first oil. Our collaborative approach included early engagement to simplify the fuel architecture, the use of flexible jumpers for greater well dispersion and equipment redesign using Subsea 2.0 technology to enable fast-track installation. Kaikias serves as a great example of what can be done when utilizing a fully integrated approach for Subsea developments. 
As we turn to the broader market opportunity set for Subsea, we are encouraged by project award momentum and the current level of client engagement and project tendering. We have updated our Subsea opportunities slide to reflect our latest view of the next 24 months. In this update, in Slide 5, projects were awarded and have been removed. Six projects have been added. The new opportunities dispersed across South America, West Africa and Asia Pacific. In aggregate, the economic value of the market opportunity more than replenished with this update. But this is not the entire market opportunity set. There's a significant opportunity for smaller awards below $250 million, including brownfield and Subsea tieback projects. And there are additional projects beyond this list that represent fully integrated opportunities that are unique to TechnipFMC, a subject that I will address more directly in comments to follow. 
Year-to-date, over 25% of our Subsea order intake has come from iEPCI, in line with our guidance for the full year. And we continue to expect that over half of our order inbound will be direct awards associated with Subsea services, alliance partners and iEPCI projects. 
In the face of successes like Kaikias, clients are acknowledging the benefits from our early engagement, technology-enabled iEPCI model. Many in our industry are now talking about integration that, as Slide 7 indicates, the benefits to the operator are highly dependent on the degree of project integration. Full integration requires early engagement at the FEED stage in order to optimize field design and remove interfaces and schedule waste. And it requires having all capabilities under 1 roof to manage the trade-offs inherent in optimizing solutions. We know this because we experienced this friction as alliance and JV partners prior to our merger. The lack of a single fully integrated entity plus the absence of early engagement provides limited opportunity to achieve structural cost savings. In this bundled approach, the suppliers have no commercial incentive to eliminate scope, reduce vessel days or invest in the installation techniques that are required to drive sustainable improvement in project economics. But regardless of the level of integration for any 1 project, the trend is clear. The market is rapidly moving towards greater Subsea project integration, both in terms of the volume of projects and the average project size. And as operators move further up the integration curve, there is much greater potential. We have already demonstrated this success with our first full-cycle iEPCI delivery on the Kaikias project. We've also taken integration to the next level with Energean's Karish, Tanin project by integrating Subsea with the host facility, allowing us to capture more project scope than ever before. And we remain on track to deliver many more successful references from our growing iEPCI project portfolio. 
Our philosophy is simple. To create real and sustainable improvements in project economics for our clients to enable more investment decisions through the cycle. 
Driving returns is our ultimate goal. So we will prioritize our assets and resources towards those opportunities that generate the most value for our clients and for TechnipFMC. 
Turning to Onshore/Offshore. We continue to see good growth opportunities in both process technologies and LNG. Global demand for petrochemical products continues to grow, and we are experiencing significant early activity for technology definition and selection across most major markets. Combined with favorable feedstock-to-product differentials, this is driving new opportunities, including the potential for a second wave of worldscale ethylene crackers. Our process technologies portfolio has grown to over 50 technologies, with strong market positions in ethylene, hydrogen and others. 
We have several commercial models that allow us to license our technologies and provide proprietary equipment around them. Importantly, these technologies drive differentiated EPC opportunities for our company. 
We have had solid backlog additions for our process technologies business year-to-date, accounting for approximately 10% of our Onshore/Offshore inbound. These include 2 gas cracking furnaces to support the third phase expansion at NOVA Chemicals Corunna project in Canada, where we provided the process technology and are also in the consortium for the EPC contract. 
In the hydrogen generation unit for HPCL in India, announced just last week, where our hydrogen technology was a key factor in us winning the project. 
We are seeing particular -- particularly strong opportunities in ethylene, a value chain which TechnipFMC has a leading market position. The recent announcement by Motiva to select our ethylene technology for its worldscale petrochemical complex in the United States is indicative of this trend. 
We continue to invest in our broader technology portfolio through alliances, acquisitions and R&D. 
Another key component of our strategy for Onshore/Offshore is the expansion of high-value services, including project management consultancy or PMC. Indicative of this strategy, we can point to our most recent PMC opportunity in the United States, where TechnipFMC is well positioned to secure a substantial PMC reimbursable contract in the downstream sector. 
And we are seeing growing activity in LNG. LNG is a core competency of TechnipFMC, and we are a leading EPC player and technology provider in this segment. We believe that the next wave of LNG projects is moving forward as evidenced by current FEED and tender activity. We are seeing prospects emerging in all regions: the Middle East, Russia, Africa, Asia Pacific and North America, including many brownfield expansion projects, where we benefit from an incumbent position. 
Early engagement can be key to success on any project. Just last month, Sempra LNG & Midstream announced the selection of TechnipFMC as EPC contractor for the Energia Costa Azul LNG project under development in Baja California, Mexico. 
We will perform FEED and other preparatory activities as Sempra advances towards project FID. In addition, the important FEED work for the Novatek Arctic LNG project continues to progress well, and we are beginning FEED work on the Nigeria LNG Train 7 expansion project. 
Putting this all together, TechnipFMC provides considerable leverage to the 3 major energy investment themes: Subsea, LNG and unconventional resources. In Subsea, we are the market leader, and we are demonstrating real success as the industry's only provider of fully integrated solutions and services. 
In LNG, we are a clear market leader, having delivered over 20% of global operating capacity, and we are currently executing several of the industry's key projects and front-end engineering studies. 
And in unconventional resources, we have leading market positions in product and services that are instrumental in supporting ongoing efficiency gains for complex well completions. 
Through our unique business model, our differentiated technology and our execution capability, we are well positioned to capitalize on the industry's best prospects for growth. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss the financial results in more detail.

Sure, Sean. So as you know, there's a lot of puts and takes, and we have to consider what's in our backlog. Some of the new projects as well as the projects that we're completing. In the second quarter, we reached several key milestones on some very important projects as we indicated in the press release. And when we look forward to the second half of the year, we remain even more confident in our full year guidance of achieving 14%.

Thanks, Bill. And indeed, as indicated last quarter, we continue to see a good progression in our Subsea services business, particularly, when it comes to some increased operating expenditures, requiring customers to enter into their Subsea wells to run diagnostics or to do mechanical remedial services inside of the wells. As you know, we're the leader in providing access to Subsea wells through our Riserless Light Well Intervention technology and our footprint. On top of that, we get the opportunity to, in many cases, do refurbishment of the equipment. While that wellbore activity is being done the trees are often returned to our custody to be able to do maintenance, inspection and repair on that equipment. As well as our integrated life of field services, where we're doing predictive maintenance through the extensive digital platform that we have on the seafloor. So for all those reasons, we continue -- and have and will continue to see a recovery, and we are seeing some of that occur in the second half of the year. It's important to note, tied to Sean's earlier question as well, we are in a situation where we're seeing a significant improvement in our Subsea inbound. Orders are tracking extremely well. We will and we have committed over a year ago, and I remain committed to ensuring that we retain the capability and the competency to be able to ensure that we can deliver world-class service on that increasing inbound. So if you will, there's a bit of a transitory period between the inbound and the conversion of that into revenue, but we will carry the resources necessary to ensure that we can provide world-class service for our clients.

Sure. So no such thing as an unfair question. We're very proud of, obviously, the results from Kaikias. And I'm sure, you have read how pleased Shell is as well. I remind you, we did receive, following Kaikias, a follow-up order, and that was on the Gumusut integrated EPCI award that we announced last quarter. As you know, Vito was being tendered at the same time that Kaikias was being completed. And that experience had not fully been felt by the client. We remain confident that there will be additional iEPCI opportunities for Shell in the future, both in the Gulf of Mexico and beyond. In regards to the process technologies, we certainly are seeing a benefit. And we have announced and hopefully will be announcing additional refinery upgrade projects, which we can benefit from the technologies that we have in our portfolio as well as some of the changes in regulations associated with refining.

Jud, thank you for the question. Honestly, a little bit of all of the above. There's a lot of activity going on right now. We've talked about our integrated portfolio, some of which are visible to the market, many of which are not visible to the market. They're maturing through the integrated FEED stage, which means they're approaching the opportunity to move into the integrated EPCI space. And there'll be more to report on that in the coming quarters. In regards to the size of projects, as you saw, once again, I think our Subsea inbound orders exceeded expectations. A lot of that was the unannounced awards, which included a significant amount of direct awards from our alliance partners as well as smaller awards. And those will continue. We're doing a lot of work helping our clients optimize a particular field architecture that allows them to bring back tie -- or tiebacks into existing hosts. And you may have heard in my prepared remarks, one of the things that I talked about when I talked about the Kaikias was I talked about the ability to be able to use flexible pipe in order to change, if you will, the geographical dispersion of the wells versus the manifold. That's quite unique to our company because of our in-house capabilities and our ability to be able to design in that way. And that will unlock additional opportunities for us. Large greenfield developments are absolutely in the latter stages of tendering. As you know, it's -- I'm always cautious to predict a quarter or even a half when some of those projects will go forward. But there is no question that they are mature. Many of them, the commercial tenders have been put in place. Technically, they've been qualified, and it's a question of the FID and the selection. Geographically, you're seeing more and more activity return to Brazil. You're seeing activity -- quite a bit of activity in Africa. And as we had a very strong fourth quarter in the North Sea, we expect additional activity in the North Sea as well. We've talked in the past about some of the emerging countries for our industry being Guyana, with the ExxonMobil Liza project, and being Mozambique, with the ENI and the Anadarko opportunities. We're active in both, as you know, and we look forward to additional phases and additional awards as those 2 countries move forward as well. So we're very active on the -- if you will, on the front-end engineering side. We're very active on the tendering side. And most importantly, we're very active on the iEPCI side.

Thank you very much, James, for the question. And again, yes to all of the above. So we, as well, were very excited about the activity in Brazil, not just Petrobras. As you know, there's been a lot of activity by others in terms of investment and in terms of leasing. And we're doing a lot of work with many of the operators in Brazil, looking at their -- the best options for them to develop their assets. When you look at Petrobras, we are still executing on several of the large equipment awards that came previously. Those are very important to us, and we remain a key supplier, if not the preferred supplier, to Petrobras for that Subsea equipment. And we're -- we were just acknowledged -- actually, we were just acknowledged as the best supplier for Petrobras in that category. So we're very, very proud of that. Those awards are important, and we'll continue to satisfy those awards. With -- the -- maybe the slight nuance that we have to take into consideration is, as Petrobras moves forward with some of the newer developments where there is a different equity ownership structure and a different partnering structure that, that may -- they may or may not use equipment that is, if you will, from their prior orders and that may result in new equipment orders because of the change in the ownership structure of the assets. So there lies an opportunity that we're tracking very closely. In terms of the overall cadence, again, it's picking up, and we're doing a lot of front-end engineering work, and we're doing a lot of site visits, if you will, with many of the international operators as well, who are now very eager and very excited to ramp up their activity in Brazil. We are very well positioned in Brazil. We have, by far, the highest local content. We are almost fully vertically integrated in the country. We supply Brazil from Brazil, with a very strong Brazilian team that we're extremely proud of. And that's built a track record for our company. And we have done most of the Subsea developments that have been done in Brazil with Petrobras, and certainly, for those that have been done with other international operators in the country.

Thank you very much for the follow-up. And I obviously should not have left that off of the first answer. So thank you very much. We feel quite confident that Petrobras will engage in an iEPCI-type model. It may not be on some of the initial phases of some of the new developments. But we strongly believe that we will see an integrated tender in the future and that it could very well prove to be a very value added -- a very significant way to create value and improve project economics, which could then become more standardized. So yes, we have been and are working with Petrobras on the application of an iEPCI model. I really don't want to say where or when because that's obviously a significant competitive advantage that we have.

Sure, Kurt. Thank you. So as indicated, over 25% of our activity that we -- our new activity that we've inbounded this year has been iEPCI. That's important. Most of that is through direct award, where we start at the integrated FEED phase, we agree on an economical hurdle rate, and we optimize the project economics. And that's really what the customer cares about. It's not about lowest price or lowest unit cost, it's about the best project economics. And if you can sit with the client early in the phase of the development of the asset and show where you can create real, structural and sustainable improvement in project economics, not a discount, not a promise of increased rate of return based upon a 25-year incremental recovery rate but real upfront savings, both in capital and then on the operating cost for the life of the asset. And most importantly that you can accelerate the time to first production. That really drives the project economics in a favorable way. That's a mature conversation. That's a conversation where you're really truly looking for a win-win. And everybody is focused on the project and on improving the project economics, not just on their own individual financial statement. As a result, everybody wins. The project is successful. Success creates additional success as I indicated on an earlier question that was asked. We have several repeat customers now in this category and that will continue to grow. It is important to point out, Kurt, that as I said in my prepared remarks, not all integrated projects are the same, and there is quite a bit of bundling going on out there. We really try to focus where we can create the greatest value and sustainable savings. And the only way that we found to get there was by creating TechnipFMC, which allows us to put the proper investment into the company to really create a full Subsea system, inclusive of the equipment, the installation and everything in between, to be able to drive real sustainable improvement in project economics.

Well, Kurt, what we have referenced in the past was that, on a run rate of about $5 billion to $6 billion, you would -- we would expect to deliver on the higher end of kind of the industry average of margins of 4% to 6%. We did indicate at that time that, that did not include LNG awards. So we do expect -- and the LNG players are fewer. These are significant projects. And there is less experienced competition in that area. We are the leader in LNG, having delivered over 20% of the installed capacity and currently working on a significant amount of additional capacity from Yamal, Prelude as well as the Coral FLNG for ENI in Mozambique. So we have a lot of current activity, but we're very excited about the next wave of projects as you indicate. And yes, we would be very selective in those projects, where we can create the greatest value for the project, for our customer, for ourselves and for our shareholders. We'll remain very selective, and we'll allocate our resources on what we think are those best projects for us. In many cases that will mean we will be in direct negotiation, not only less competition, but in direct negotiation. That's a benefit you have when you're the incumbent. That's a benefit you have when you are very successful in one project and can potentially rule that skill competency knowledge on to the next project. So we're very excited about LNG. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, we're also very excited about process technologies. We have a very unique portfolio representing over 50 different technologies, some in which we have a leadership position, particularly, around ethylene. And you heard me talk a bit about a next wave of ethylene projects. This would be very good for our company as well.

Jim, to the best of my recollection, I think we have 7, that we've announced -- 7 different customers that we've announced.

Yes. Well, Jim, if you don't mind, I'll add color to that then. We had -- in a previous engagement, we had kind of dissected that a little bit and what you'll see is it's pretty well geographically dispersed. One region that we had not yet secured an iEPCI contract was in Asia Pacific. We secured that last quarter. I had a great question earlier about Brazil and I hopefully answered it, where people left with a positive message that we would expect to see iEPCI penetrate the Brazil market, which would really give us, if you will, at that point, global coverage of iEPCI. We also broke it down between partners and non-partners. There was actually slightly more non-partner than partner activity. We broke it down between tiebacks and greenfield opportunities. So you'll see, it's pretty well dispersed. And when I look -- more importantly, when I look under the hood and I look at what we have in the pipeline in our integrated FEED studies, again, many of which are not available to the rest of the market because they're being done in a proprietary nature with the client. I would say that dispersion is about to grow even greater.

Sure, Jim. And I do want to point out, we have the industry's leading front-end capability, period, full stop. So no, we may not go all the way, if you will, to the front end, but we have what we need in order to do development projects and production projects. So we have the Genesis group as our agnostic -- our pre-concept, concept and front-end engineering. And then, we now have -- as well, we now have the industry's leading integrated or, if you will, vendor-based front-end engineering group as well. So very, very proud of that team. And they're the ones generating a significant amount of opportunities for our company, and I can't acknowledge them enough. When you look strategically at our, if you will, value stream, where there is white space, we do not see and the industry has not acknowledged that, that white space is necessary -- completing that white space, if you will, is necessary in terms of creating additional value to drive further developments of Subsea projects. So we're pretty comfortable, and we believe the industry has spoken that the integration that's required is the integration between what was formerly known as SURF and what was formerly known as SPS, which is now known as TechnipFMC.

Bertrand, thank you very much for the question. An absolute critical part of our portfolio. As you know, we have -- over 50% of the Subsea installed base is TechnipFMC. It requires ongoing inspection, maintenance and repair. And as I said, as more and more Subsea wells go into Subsea wellbores need intervened upon that helps us even more. What we said is that we said we'd have 17% CAGR during 2020. I think the math comes out just a tad less than what you indicated. But still a significant growth opportunity for our company. You'll see us grow there both within our existing service line portfolio, which is the most extensive in the industry, but you're also going to see us grow through new additional service activities that we'll be bringing into the capabilities of TechnipFMC. So for sure, it's an important focus. It's one that we all spend a lot of time on. It is a direct award activity as it's kind of an OEM model. And we continue to demonstrate to our clients that we can achieve the absolute best-in-class service and provide that to our clients. The one area -- or the one big opportunity in that space is digital. We've done a lot of work there today. We offer, today, the industry's leading predictive maintenance, if you will, based upon Big Data. We do that for many of our customers today. But we're now looking at -- because now that we have the full capability, if you will, the full Subsea ecosystem, we now can extend that to a much greater footprint, creating even more value for our customers. So there'll be a lot more that you'll be hearing about how we're going to leverage our digital capabilities and our Subsea services to expand and grow that -- to grow that and achieve the rates that -- or the goals that we had set out previously.

Byron, thank you very much, and it was the last of the 3 that I was hoping we'd get a chance to talk about. As my last slide in my prepared remarks, we are the leader in Subsea. We are the leader in LNG. And we have a very strong position, particularly around completion optimization in Surface Technologies. So really do appreciate you asking the question. You're right, Byron. We all know the North America market has been strong. We know that it has some challenged optics, if you will, going forward for a transitionary period. That being said, in the North America market, our business is asset light, if you will and very mobile. So as -- if and when the customer base shifts, we can ship very quickly. As a matter of fact, we're kind of getting ahead of it as we speak. So that plays to our favor if you will. The international market is where we have historically had a leadership position, and we still have an intent to maintain and extend that leadership position in the international market. That, as we've talked about before, has been a bit lethargic. It did not come around as quickly as we anticipated. You've heard others who have reported before us about the fact that they're seeing, I'd say, even more than green shoots. They're seeing some real momentum in the international market. And that is absolutely positive for our company as we will benefit, if you will, at a -- proportionally, that's even more important to our Surface Technology segment, and we'll benefit from that as that international market recovers. That will probably be more of a 2019 effect, but we're very excited and look forward to that as well.