Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Joining me today are Maryann Mannen, Chief Financial Officer; and Catherine MacGregor, President of New Ventures and the CEO-elect for SpinCo.
In the third quarter, we announced the transaction that will create 2 diversified pure-play market leaders: RemainCo, which will retain the TechnipFMC name, will be a fully integrated technology and services provider that will continue to drive energy development; and SpinCo, a leading E&C player poised to capitalize on the global energy transition. The separation will enable both companies to benefit from distinct and compelling market opportunities across the energy value chain; dedicated focus on management, resources and capital; and unique value propositions with differentiated investment appeal.
Our balance sheet will support the creation of 2 financially strong companies. The capital structure of both companies will be tailored to their specific business needs, and we remain confident that both will have investment-grade metrics. We believe strongly that providing independence for these 2 world-class, high-performing businesses will unlock further opportunities and value creation for all stakeholders.
When thinking about the 2 companies, it's helpful to understand where the operational leverage resides. For RemainCo, 89% of the trailing 12-month revenue mix has been driven by Subsea projects and service technologies outside North America. We believe these international markets provide the best opportunities for growth. More specifically, we expect the Middle East will continue to lead our international growth in Surface Technologies, and we anticipate future Subsea activity will be driven in part by emerging markets such as Mozambique and Guyana, where, as an industry leader and first-mover focused on sustainability, we have created a strong footprint to help unlock the tremendous resource potential in both regions. We also expect activity to strengthen in Brazil as a result of the development of presold assets. 
For SpinCo, we are providing additional insight into the significant backlog in hand today, which currently equates to nearly 3x the revenue projected for 2019. Looking at the backlog in greater detail, approximately 56% of the $18 billion of total backlog is related to future work on LNG projects, including Yamal LNG, Prelude FLNG, Coral FLNG and Arctic LNG 2. Our recent announcement of the Rovuma LNG award, which the client has suggested will likely be sanctioned next year, is not included in these figures.
The announcement of our intention to create 2 distinct companies has also refocused the market's attention on the appropriate peer group for both entities. For RemainCo, we believe large-cap service companies and equipment manufacturers are the most relevant peers. This includes a select group of companies that have capabilities in subsea equipment, installation and services or capabilities in drilling and completion equipment and services, a global franchise across major upstream basins and a capital structure that provides the financial strength required by our customers. We consider the most relevant peers to be Baker Hughes, Halliburton, NOV and Schlumberger. In addition to these large-cap peers, there are a few companies with smaller market capitalizations that could also be considered, including Aker Solutions, Oceaneering, Subsea 7 and The Weir Group.
For SpinCo, the company will be one of the largest global E&C pure-plays with leading positions notably in the LNG market. SpinCo's strong competitive position in the marketplace is driven by leading capabilities in LNG, a differentiated portfolio of process technologies, the ability to successfully execute the industry's most challenging projects, capabilities and services particularly around front end and project management consultancy and proprietary products and equipment.
Evaluation of the global peer group identifies only a handful of players with demonstrated LNG capabilities, including Fluor, JGC, KBR and Saipem. There are many other companies with whom we compete, but we firmly believe that this more limited set most appropriately reflects the key differentiating attributes and leadership positions of these 2 unique pure-play companies.
Turning to Subsea. Orders in the third quarter reflected continued strength driven by the integrated awards, services activity and the award of the industry's first 20K Subsea system. The momentum of the integrated commercial model continued as we inbounded several new iEPCI projects in the period. The value of integrated project awards in 2019 has increased by more than 90% from the levels we reported through the first 9 months of 2018. Subsea services continue to benefit from the industry's largest and expanding installed base, with growth in the quarter reflecting increased installation, asset refurbishment and well intervention activities. Subsea services remains on track for double-digit growth for the full year. 
Also in the quarter, we received the industry's first award of a high-pressure, high-temperature system for LLOG?s Shenandoah project in the Gulf of Mexico. This new technology was the result of a joint industry program led by TechnipFMC that included 5 major operators. This was the first time the industry collaborated to develop a new Subsea system focused on the delivery of a single-part number and designed to handle hydrocarbons under the industry's most extreme pressure and temperature conditions to date.
Taken together, we reported inbound orders of $1.5 billion in the quarter, which, again, exceeded revenues in the period. Inbound, through the first 9 months, totaled $7 billion, reflecting a year-to-date book-to-bill of 1.7x.
We continue to believe that order growth for the full year will exceed 50%, significantly better than the total Subsea market growth, which we estimate closer to 20%. This high level of growth is coming in the third year of a market recovery and is the highest annual growth rate we have experienced in a decade. This year's order growth has been driven by increased adoption of the integrated model, and the successful introduction of iEPCI was only possible due to the creation of TechnipFMC. While 50% growth will be difficult to repeat, we do see potential for next year's inbound orders to match the absolute levels we anticipate for 2019.
Moving to the LNG outlook. The supply of new liquefaction capacity coming online today reflects investment decisions made as far back as 7 years ago. While we acknowledge near-term market sentiment, we continue to believe that natural gas is critical to the energy transition and that there is a need for significant new capacity to meet future gas demand. It is also important to remember that the decision to sanction projects today is based on gas -- first gas in 2023 and beyond. The demand scenario at that time will be very different than the one we currently face.
5 projects over the last 5 months have either been sanctioned or, as highlighted in public disclosures, moved closer to FID in 2020. 2 of these have progressed to the benefit of TechnipFMC. We announced the first project, Arctic LNG 2, back in July. And just 2 weeks ago, we announced the contract award for the Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique through a consortium including TechnipFMC, JGC and Fluor. 
The Rovuma project includes natural gas liquefaction trains, with total nameplate capacity of 15.2 million metric tons per annum as well as associated onshore facility. The award builds upon our expanding capabilities in the region where we are already present through our work on the Coral FLNG project and the Golfinho Integrated Subsea project. This serves as further confirmation of TechnipFMC's leadership in LNG and our strong capabilities in the delivery of remote projects. Selectivity of projects like Rovuma is paramount to our success. To emphasize this point, we have re-prioritized previously targeted projects where the commercial terms fell outside our acceptable limits.
We remain focused on securing the right projects where we can leverage our differentiation, those that have the right contractual terms for us and those with the best project economics for our customers.
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss our financial results in the quarter.

Thank you for the question, Sean. Absolutely, the way you summarized it is what we had previously stated, and we remain committed to that statement. And nothing has changed in our outlook for the Subsea business or its ability to be able to continue to deliver improved results. As a matter of fact, the very strong inbound levels that we've enjoyed this year, year-to-date, a book-to-bill of 1.7x only gives us greater confidence as it gives us a greater revenue coverage and allows us to improve and accelerate the utilization of underutilized assets in the company as we move forward. So you are absolutely right. Nothing has changed. The timing and the -- when we actually achieve certain milestones is not entirely within our control, and it's very difficult to predict on a quarter-to-quarter basis, which is why we give full year guidance. But we remain fully committed to the 2019 full year guidance, and our outlook has remained unchanged, if anything, strengthened by the quality and the quantity of the inbound we have received year-to-date.

This is a very critical question and one that we put a significant amount of focus on, and it's why selectivity is so important across our portfolio. But I'm going to ask Catherine MacGregor to talk a bit more about what is being done within Onshore/Offshore and how we track that utilization and make sure that we're matching capacity to our proven and demonstrated capability.

Certainly, Angie. We published our updated opportunity list for Subsea projects that we believe the market will likely move forward within the next 24 months. That's available in the materials that went out with the press release and on our website. And reflecting on that, we see a change in value, a positive change in value, taking out those awards, removing those awards that were -- those projects that were awarded in the quarter and those that will be replaced by incremental projects. So that is up almost 3/4 of $1 billion in terms of the opportunity set. Many of which are moving forward quite into their advanced stages, where there could potentially be awards in the much shorter time frame than the long end of the 24 months. That's what gives us the confidence. 
On top of that, Angie, and I think it's really important to reflect on a quarter like Q3, the quarter that we're here talking about this morning in terms of Subsea. There weren't many announced awards in the quarter, yet we delivered a book-to-bill of 1.1, and we delivered a very strong total inbound dollar value. That just shows the underlying strength of our Subsea services business, our unique alliances that we have with our clients, some of which that are over 2 decades old and exclusive to our company; our new integrated EPCI, or iEPCI, alliances of which we added yet another this quarter, which most of those will lead to direct awards to our company in terms of the continued activity in the brownfield and tieback area. So this just all points to the continued strength and resiliency of what we've been able to do with our business and how we've been able to transform the market. 
In terms of iEPCI looking forward, quite frankly, it's becoming more -- well, it's more than 50% of our business today in terms of inbound level. So it's really becoming the norm. Someday we'll be talking about non-iEPCI projects, not iEPCI projects because the whole market is moving in that direction. We have several customers who have now publicly stated that this is the only model that they're going to use going forward because it just makes sense. It makes sense for us, and it makes sense for them and delivers a true win-win.

Yes, Angie. I would agree with your analysis. I think it's really important to remind people, when we announced an iEPCI project or an integrated project, that includes Subsea delivered, installed on the seabed, the only company that can do that as a single entity and why we've been so successful today. But in order to be able to deliver that type of a business model, we made a decision to ensure that we would have the capabilities in terms of the installation capabilities available to be able to meet those commitments. 
So reflecting on that, that means we are prioritizing our fleet towards those integrated projects. As a result of that, and when we announce large awards, a large volume of awards like we've already announced 90% improvement year-on-year, 50 -- over 50% of our total inbound coming from iEPCI. We do have to design engineer -- engineer, design and manufacture the equipment before we can install the equipment. So therefore, it's realistic to think it takes in the neighborhood of 12 to 24 months depending upon the project to complete the first phase before you move into the installation phase, which is why I think your analysis is quite appropriate in terms of we'll really start to see the total impact once we're into that installation phase, which will be more into '20 -- '21, '22 time frame, as you point out.

Thank you, James. The -- because of the nature of the transaction, most of the critical steps are, let's say, within our control. Right now, the process that we are undertaking is the finalization of the drafting of the prospectus that will be delivered. And then we will work with the agencies in terms of answering any questions that might be generated until that is finally approved and made public. 
As a result of that, I would say that's the one thing really, James, the whole team is focused on. There's many aspects, and I'm really proud of the progress that we're making. I would say, in most cases, we've built a little float into the schedule, which is what project companies do. We've gotten some things, approvals and acknowledgments ahead of plan. But really, right now, it's around the prospectus, and that tends to be an iterative process, but we are in discussions and well advanced on the draft and looking forward to getting that process initiated very soon.

David, thank you very much for the question. So I'm going to build up to the answer, if you don't mind. Just to remind everybody that when we talk about our Surface Technologies business, 50% of that resides outside of the U.S., where we are very well positioned. It is a very resilient business for us, and we have a very high degree of vertical integration and technology differentiation in that part of the business. In that business, as we indicated in the earnings press release and prepared remarks, we are seeing an improvement in activity and the early stages of improvement in pricing as well. So that's really important to keep in the context of the discussion. 
Certainly, we are doing things and we'll continue to do things. You may recall we made a small investment or acquisition in that space last year to help expand our capabilities in the international Surface Technologies market, and we'll continue to look to invest in that part of the business, which has the returns level that we feel is appropriate for our company and for our shareholders.
When we look at the North America market, look, we're all waking up to a new market reality. We certainly had a different expectation at this time last year for the North America market in 2019. Unfortunately, that did not transpire. That has led to us having to revise our margin guidance. When I think forward to the Surface business, there's really 3 key activities that we're undertaking, Surface North America business, let me be more specific. It's the high grading of our contracts, which is most evident by the fact that you saw our announcement of our long-term agreement with Chevron to be their provider of our products and services that we provide to them in the North America market. That -- you'll see us do more of that. That's very important for us going forward as who we are associating with and the type of contracts that we have in place. 
Secondly is we are looking -- or we will be moving forward with further restructuring, simply to reflect the new market reality. And that is underway, and that will continue. 
And then finally, the point that you made earlier, which is our strategy is to transform the business by really looking at it differentially and taking all the lessons learned we've had from Subsea, where we've been quite successful in changing that from a product sale business to now a fully integrated services business and doing the same thing in the production market in North America. When you do that, David, the point that maybe I had made previously about focus is it really takes a high-level client engagement. Typically, when you -- to be able to change the commercial model with -- in an industry as we did in Subsea, it was not possible without very high-level endorsement from our clients. And I can't say how appreciative I am that they were able to see and understand and embrace the need for change and understood that we were bringing something unique into the market. And that led to the early success and continued success that we were having in transforming the Subsea market. It will require that same amount of engagement, attention and focus to be able to transform the North America Surface market. 
That being said, when I -- when we talk about the transformation of the North America Surface market, that will be where we will begin because of the share of magnitude and, let's say, the criticality to our company to address that. But it is also applicable to the global Surface Technologies market. We'll just start with a focus in North America.

Look, you have to compete against the peer group in any market in which you participate. So I think, first and foremost, we have to be the best in what we do. But certainly, having high-level client engagement and, in some cases, intimate and long-term relationships in one part of the business or the other allows us to be able to have some leverage as well. But in this particular instance and when we talk about this transformation, what we're most excited about is taking some proven Subsea technologies and bringing those into the Surface market. Look, you've heard me say this before, we have to fundamentally change the way that we operate in the North America market, and that means we have to focus on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. And we believe we're going to bring it to the market and it will be embraced by the market, an opportunity to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by over 50% during the production phase of these assets.

So Michael, I just want to make sure that we're clear when we answer your question. You're talking about the offshore portion of Onshore/Offshore?

The division as a whole. Okay. Catherine?

Sure, Dan. And I don't disagree with the comments that you made, so I won't repeat those. Keeping in mind, when we look forward, there's really 2 things. One is you kind of got to predict the timing of when you're going to meet critical milestones, which, again, you can't do on a quarter-by-quarter basis, both in terms of as you're going to roll off a higher-quality backlog from the historical backlog, and then obviously, the new projects and the new inbound that's coming in. It is clear, and I have said this repeatedly, and I know it maybe hasn't been consistent across the sector, but we are not seeing a material improvement in competitive pricing when it is vessel-only contracts, or if you will, day-rate-type contracts. That's why we've tried to stay out of that market, unless we had a strategic reason or a true differentiation to be able to participate in those contracts. Instead, what we've done is we've decided to stay focused on keeping that capacity available for our integrated projects, again, many of which are targeting around a total project economic or total project return to where it's a true win-win for us and for our clients. And the ones that we've completed to date have all met or exceeded their project returns. So we're building a really incredible and strong case of references. That's why we're seeing so many repeat orders from our clients as this business model continues to be adopted and recognized going forward. 
So -- but look, Dan, I'll repeat again, and I know it hasn't -- I know others are saying different things, but we are not seeing, as -- when it gets out there in just a, let's say, a commoditized tender where you're voting -- or you're -- excuse me, where you're tendering on just a vessel or just a vessel day rate that we're seeing a strong -- a change in the pricing behavior. We have a walk line. We will not go below that walk line, and we have lost awards. And you will see us lose awards in the future because we are just not going to go to that level. These contracts are locked in for anywhere from 2 to 3 years, and there's no reason to do that at this point in time, particularly given the strength of our integrated offering and the fact that over 50% of our orders are coming from that integrated offering.

Jean-Luc, perhaps you're on mute.

Thank you, Kurt. So I would reassure the community that Subsea 2.0 certainly will have not run its course in 2019. I think there's much more to be done. Obviously, we've talked before about the fact that the largest percentage of our FEED studies, or front-end engineering studies, now includes Subsea 2.0. We keep talking quarter after quarter about the deployment of additional Subsea 2.0 technology. I think there were at least 2 references to that in the press release this quarter. But the real beauty of it, Kurt, is as it runs through our organization because the Subsea 2.0 philosophy, it's more than just about the equipment. It's about a change in the operating model for the way that we run the company, and it gives us much greater leverage across our cost base that we will be able to recognize and benefit from that going forward. So I would say we're actually far from seeing -- or just I'd say in the early stages of seeing the impact from the Subsea 2.0 technology. And on -- beyond Subsea 2.0, it's easy to get me wound up, and I want to leave time for other questions. But look, we have a clear vision that goes far beyond Subsea 2.0. Subsea 2.0 was just the beginning. And I remind everyone that Subsea 2.0 was born a vision, and most of the engineering was born before the merger and creation of TechnipFMC. So now with the increased scope of Subsea activity, meaning including umbilical, risers, flowlines and installation, it is baffling how much we'll be able to do beyond Subsea 2.0. We have 14 discrete engineering programs underway right now supporting what will be and could be the building blocks for Subsea 3.0 and beyond. 
So Kurt, I -- it's what gets me excited. It's what keeps me going, if you will. There's a whole lot left to be done, and we're just in the early stages of it. We're super proud of the creation of TechnipFMC. We're super proud of the iEPCI. We're super proud of 2.0, but it's really just the beginning.

By nature, I'm very conservative, and I -- so I don't want to get ahead of ourselves here, but let me just be -- let me just stick to the facts. As you know, most of our awards in iEPCI have been direct awards, again, as a result of early engagement with the client, working in an open and collaborative way to redesign the Subsea architecture, removing waste that was nothing but cost to the project and changing our execution model to where, indeed, we can have a significant improvement in the time to first oil, which really drives the project returns. And that's why we have been able to be so successful. Impossible to do, unless you're a single company that controls all the levers. Very, very difficult to do otherwise. That's why we couldn't be more happy -- happier, and we're seeing the benefit, and the market is recognizing the benefit of the creation of TechnipFMC and the integrated Subsea solution. So more to come. 
As I said, yes, there'll be more leverage from it, the greater the level of penetration into our backlog and into our business. We are demonstrating to our clients, again, on a repeat basis now the benefit of this type of methodology. And just if you think about the conversion rate, I mean, it's just -- it's astronomical to think that we could in such a short period of time have such a significant conversion rate. And in my prepared remarks, it may not have been picked up on, so I'll just repeat. When we talk about a 50% improvement in our inbound order rate in Subsea, the highest in over a decade, but the market in the same time frame or the 1-year time frame with the 50% improvement only improved by 20%, one can interpret what that means in terms of the way that the market is recognizing our success.

Bertrand, thank you for the question. We will report the -- we will be providing 2020 guidance when we have our Q4 and year-end earnings call.

Okay, Bertrand. I'll cover the first part, and then I'll pass it over to Maryann. I want to thank you for recognizing and emphasizing the fact that when we look at that backlog schedule, most of our Subsea Services businesses is not reflected in that backlog schedule because it's book-to-bill and it has to be added to it. So you're right. We're in a very strong position. Again, the benefit of having such a high level of inbound year-to-date and it being front-end loaded is actually a great benefit when you start to look forward at revenue coverage or the outlook for 2020. So you're right to point that out. I'll let Maryann add the additional color.