Thank you very much, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings call. 
2019 proved to be a year of significant growth for our company. We achieved an unprecedented level of inbound in the year equaling $22.7 billion, representing order growth of nearly 60% versus the prior year. Our success was driven by an acceleration in the market adoption of our new Subsea technologies; our integrated subsea model, iEPCI; and continued strength in both LNG and downstream project sanctioning. 
In Subsea, full year inbound of $8 billion grew more than 50% versus 2018. This was the highest annual growth rate for our company in over a decade and more than 2x the industry's growth. This growth was driven by iEPCI with our award value more than doubling prior year levels and accounting for more than 40% of total inbound orders. IEPCI is no longer just an alternative commercial model, it has become the model of choice for most of our customers. 
In Onshore/Offshore, inbound orders grew almost 80% versus 2018, driven by more than $8 billion in LNG awards. This included the Arctic LNG 2 contract from NovaTek, which builds upon the success of Yamal LNG. We were also part of the winning consortium on ExxonMobil's Rovuma LNG project, although we recorded limited inbound value ahead of the project FID expected this year. 
Total company backlog now stands at $24.3 billion, an increase of 67% from the same time last year. Backlog grew across all segments, with Onshore/Offshore increasing almost 90% versus 2018. Importantly, over half of our total backlog is scheduled for execution beyond 2020, providing us with unrivaled visibility. 
Total company revenue in 2019 exceeded $13 billion, benefiting from higher activity across all segments. Full year Subsea revenue increased 14% in the year led by a 15% growth in Subsea services and an increasing mix of integrated project activity. 
2019 also marked a trough for segment revenue in Onshore/Offshore. We have seen the revenue inflection and have now experienced 3 consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth. And when excluding Yamal LNG, total segment revenue increased more than 25% versus 2018, demonstrating solid growth and diversity in the remaining businesses. 
And in Surface Technologies, we experienced growth of more than 15% outside North America. Our international business now accounts for more than half of segment revenue. This strong growth more than offset the decline in North America, with a total segment delivering a modest revenue increase. 
Now let me turn to our market outlook and segment guidance for the coming year. Starting with Subsea, we anticipate ongoing momentum in activity for small to midsized brownfield projects and a continued healthy outlook for greenfield projects. Activity continues to be driven in part by emerging markets such as Mozambique and Guyana and strengthening activity in important markets such as Brazil and Africa. 
We also anticipate that subsea services will again experience double-digit revenue growth, driven in part by digital monitoring services, well intervention and asset refurbishment activities. This strength in both project activity and subsea services provides the framework for 2020 Subsea orders to approach the level achieved in 2019. However, this remains dependent upon the timing of 1 or 2 major project awards.
Turning to Subsea guidance. We see revenue in a range of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 11%. In the first quarter, we expect to see normal seasonal impact with margin improvement over the remainder of the year due to project timing and increased asset utilization. 
For Onshore/Offshore, we remain confident that additional LNG projects will be sanctioned in the near to intermediate term. The outlook for long-term demand requires this additional capacity. And just this morning, Sempra Energy announced the selection of TechnipFMC as the EPC contractor for their Energia Costa Azul LNG project. We are very proud to have been chosen for this strategic development. 
Beyond LNG, we continue to selectively pursue refining, petrochemical and biofuel project opportunities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and North America, particularly where we can benefit from early engagement or leverage our process technology portfolio. 
For Onshore/Offshore guidance, we see revenue in a range of $7.5 billion to $7.8 billion and adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 10%, reflecting a lower contribution from Yamal LNG and an increasing contribution from projects in early stages. This guidance includes the impacts that we can estimate at this time for the coronavirus. 
In Surface Technologies, we anticipate double-digit revenue growth outside of North America, driven by market activity and supported by our high tier products and technologies. This growth serves as a strong foundation to our outlook as our international franchise makes up more than 50% of total segment revenue. We anticipate North America activity to decline 10% versus 2019, which assumes an improvement in drilling and completions activity in the second half of the year. 
For Surface Technologies guidance, we expect revenue in a range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 12%. 
Maryann will cover all other guidance related topics later in this call. In addition to this tremendous commercial success in 2019, we have been taking actions to better position ourselves for 2020 and beyond. The announced separation of our company is a bold visible step in this regard. But only represents one aspect of the transformation that is taking place in our company. 
In Subsea, we are further optimizing our organization. To maintain market leadership, you need a combination of innovative technologies, fit-for-purpose assets and global execution capabilities in order to deliver an integrated value chain. 
Part of our optimization efforts are focused on our assets, ensuring that we have the right assets with the right partners in the right geographies. And to achieve this, we will continue to rightsize and reallocate our assets to better align with the advantages of new technologies such as Subsea 2.0 and integrated project delivery. And we are also forming new strategic partnerships as demonstrated in our recent announcement with Allseas that can provide us with access to unique assets in a more capital-efficient manner. These actions will lower our operating and capital costs and increase asset utilization. And when coupled with the accelerating adoption of our next-generation Subsea products and technologies, they can help our customers reduce cost and cycle time for greater efficiency. 
In Surface Technologies, we will leverage the strength of our international franchise in order to capitalize on the growth we anticipate in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and the North Sea. In North America, we continue to transform our business by working with our customers to further drive well site operational efficiencies and lower greenhouse gas emissions. We are optimizing our services in operating geographies and when the economic returns don't make sense, we will look to exit rather than simply optimize to the status quo. 
And in Onshore/Offshore, which will very soon become Technip Energies, we are transitioning into a new growth cycle, one that is underpinned by the strength of more than $15 billion in project backlog. Our global teams have successfully executed complex projects in some of the most remote regions, and we will continue to leverage this experience and intense focus on the work that lies ahead. And we will remain selective in our project choices focusing on those prospects that offer the best opportunity for success for both our customers and TechnipFMC. 
As you can see, we are taking actions across all of our businesses. Importantly, these initiatives are supportive of our strategy focused on market leadership and business transformation. 2019 was another transformational year for TechnipFMC. In August, we announced we would further reshape our future through the separation of our company into 2 industry-leading, diversified pure-plays. The spinoff remains on track for completion in the second quarter. As we have also shared, our new company, Technip Energies, plans to host a Capital Markets Day in Paris ahead of the transaction close. 
In 2019, we reinforced our position as the only fully integrated technology and services company. In Subsea, we exceeded 100% growth in iEPCI inbound, driven by an acceleration in the market adoption of our integrated model. 
IEPCI, which served as the catalyst for the merger, accounted for more than 40% of the total Subsea inbound orders in 2019 and has become the model of choice for most of our customers. When combined with double-digit growth in subsea services, we delivered full year Subsea inbound of $8 billion, an increase of more than 50% versus 2018. And in Surface Technologies, we grew more than 15% outside of North America when compared to the prior year, with international revenues now accounting for more than half of the segment revenue. 
Our significant growth in backlog across all segments validates our strategy and provides us with confidence in our outlook. We continue to demonstrate our global leadership in Subsea, LNG and the international surface market. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to further discuss our financial results.

James, I will -- I think that set the record for the most questions packed in a short period, thank you very much. I think I captured 4, if not 5, there. What I'm going to do is, I'm going to walk us a little bit through the Subsea margin guidance because I actually think that will, in some ways, address most of the other parts of your question, and quite frankly, maybe is the most prevalent and what is most new at this point. And if you don't mind, James, I'm going to take just a little bit of time on this, and I think it's important that we kind of walk through the progression of this cycle and would ended up resulting in our 2020 guidance. 
So as you know, for TechnipFMC, we had tremendous inbound order growth of more than 50% in 2019. And by the middle of the year, following the very robust orders of the first half, our integrated projects or iEPCI was representing more than 50% of the total Subsea orders. And at that time, I stated my confidence that 2019 would likely mark the margin trough at the time. However, I also noted that 2020 would be a transition year, with the main outstanding question for us being more about the progression of the margin improvement. 
If we go back to what we talked about a few times, as an iEPCI company and the only integrated company, we have the benefit of being involved in the whole life cycle, but that also means that the conversion of the inbound or the orders into revenue happens over a longer period of time. So again, we first have to design and build the equipment and this takes 18 to 24 months before we can install and commission, which can take up to another 18 months. Meaning that the orders from the first half of 2019 won't really drive margin improvement until late 2020 and beyond, as I had stated in earlier calls. 
I've also said the inception of the integrated business model that we will continue to prioritize our assets for these iEPCI projects and for our alliance partners. This was quite important as it has been a very competitive period when bidding only day rate contracts on vessels. And while I was clear that this strategy would result in lower utilization during this period we ultimately will benefit from a higher quality backlog, driven by direct awards from both our alliance partners and those that we convert from integrated feed to iEPCI projects. And we now have delivered on the first part of this strategy as evidenced by the strength of our 2019 inbound. 
Our Subsea guidance that was issued last night is also consistent with this message. And while it is still possible that 2019 was the absolute margin trough, the significant ramp in activity we are experiencing not only impacts our company directly, but also our suppliers in the supply chain in general. 
The elasticity of the supply base has not proven to be as robust as that of our own company. Therefore, we are experiencing incremental costs to strengthen our supply chain. These efforts are well underway. As these transitory costs come down and as we move further into the offshore campaigns, we remain confident in our ability to achieve or exceed our stated guidance, driven in part by the higher utilization of all of our assets. It's important to emphasize our strategy and outlook remain unchanged, and we are confident we will deliver double-digit revenue growth in 2020, and we will remain confident that we will deliver margin expansion over the coming years. 
With that, I'll pass it to Maryann to talk a little bit about the restructuring charges that we have announced today.

Sure, Angie. So maybe an analogy I could use is, we came out of the gate really, really strong. And again, our growth in 2019, we doubled the industry growth. So okay, that could be translated into, obviously, an expansion in our market share. And all of that combined at the same time, has to be translated through this, has to trickle through the supply chain, if you will. We've been working with the supply chain. We've resolved most of the matters, we're very well advanced. I don't want to leave any doubt, and I appreciate the follow-up question that the matters are well under control. 
I'm just pointing to the fact of going back to 6 -- almost 9 months ago now and the comments about the 2019 being the trough in the margin and where we came out with the guidance, which was, I think, just a small rounding year below that, was really just to emphasize and put a little bit of color around what's actually happening. So to your question, yes, we see -- we'll have the normal seasonal activity, decrease in activity in the first quarter, there's no way around that that just has to do with certain geographies at which there's very little subsea activity because of the sea conditions in the first quarter, but we would expect to see a ramp in through the end of the year and an exit rate that would be more reflective of the type of margins that we will be able to generate from this much high-quality and high level of inbound that we had in the first half of 2019.

Sure. In terms of the iEPCI, the way I look at it, Angie, is it is kind of -- it's just our way of doing business going forward. We -- so I think that we've somewhat established that. And I believe even the rest of the industry is now acknowledging that, which I guess is somewhat flattering. Where we go in 2020 versus 2019, I see no reason why the percentage of iEPCI would not be at a similar or a greater level than it was in 2019. Again, we have a very healthy portfolio of integrated FEED studies, it's important to remember that our ability -- when we convert those integrated FEED studies to integrated EPCI projects, these become direct awards to our company. We also have an expanding list of exclusive iEPCI alliances. We added 2 more in 2019 with 2 additional customers, meaning 100% of their integrated work is coming -- or 100% of their Subsea work is coming to us through our new integrated model. 
So with that, I would expect, over time, as we've clearly demonstrated in just 2 years from 0 to close to 50% of our business being integrated, a trend that is very likely to continue, not just for us, but eventually for the rest of the industry as well. 
So I think that continues to look quite strong. In terms of the absolute order level, always hard to tell -- hard to state at this point in the year, and we don't give absolute guidance on order intake. It's very difficult, given the size of our projects and the difficulty to time them within a particular 12-month period but what we do show is an opportunity set over the next 24 months, we publish that, we update that regularly. It remains robust. But I remind you that a large percentage of our awards don't show on that list. That is the projects that are, let's say, publicly available to us and to our competition or some of our competition that would qualify to do that work. We have that exclusive set of proprietary opportunities, again, from our alliance partners or from the iEPCI, integrated FEED studies, excuse me, that can turn into direct award iEPCIs if we reach a certain project economic threshold that benefits both the client as well as ourselves, typically driven by an accelerated time to first oil. 
When we look at it, and that's the reason I made the comment I did, yes, 2019 was a very robust year. Some things, obviously, would have to continue to have a very strong year and would have to have some things go right in 2020 to be able to match that level of order inbound. We had some $1 billion-plus awards in 2018 and in '19. We may not see those $1 billion-plus awards in 2020, although we do have a portfolio of large opportunities that if they all came together, and the timing all happen by the 31st of December of 2020, we could be in that -- we could be in a very similar range as we are going forward from 2020 versus 2019.

Okay. Sure. So thank you, Lillian. I'm going to make a comment around the coronavirus, and then I'm going to pass it to Catherine MacGregor who's with me and as you know, is the CEO-elect, for Technip Energies has been very involved and is currently the president of the GBU for Onshore/Offshore and is very involved in those projects. So I'll let her add some additional color. And then Maryann will add some additional color around the cash flow comment that you made, which I appreciate you pointing it out. We're very proud of the progress that we've made, the continued progress that we've made and a good progression and just remind you that we are a business of projects, and there will always be new projects coming in and projects closing out, and we are very pleased with the trend of our cash flow and the projections that we were able to share for 2020. 
Just in terms of the coronavirus, look, first and foremost, we are deeply concerned for those who have been impacted. We are very much monitoring the situation and have put in place the appropriate actions to try to ensure the health and well-being of all the 37,000 women and men of our company and the many, many more contractors that we work with in the various sites and the various projects around the world. I'll let Catherine, again, put some additional color around the -- so maybe an example or 2 of what's actually happening on the project.

Sure, Sean. So again, I pass to Maryann to provide the more detailed answer, but I just think it's important that we are a projects business. We will always have new projects coming in and advanced payments, as you well point out, from those. But we also gave 2020 cash flow guidance. So I think -- which you'll be able to see very clearly is the continued improving trend that is also reflected in our guidance. Maryann?

Thanks, Sean. No, not directly from the supply chain considerations. The capital budget, which you'll see reflecting the capital budget, is those incremental commitments we made that are part of particularly the large Subsea projects. So when it's a greenfield project, and we are providing the full iEPCI, including the life of field contract, which we call ILOF or integrated life of field contract, most of those come with a certain level of capital expenditure in order to support a 15-, 20-, 25-, even 30-year life of field Subsea contract. And if you think about it this way, that's kind of the tooling in the assets that are required to go out if there is any need to be able to recover to -- for inspection, for repair, for monitoring services associated with those subsea installations.

Okay, sure. Thank you, Bertrand. So let me cover the first one, which was to quantify the impact of the supply chain. Look, I think it's -- again, I want to make sure it's very well understood. It's well under control. We took these orders in the first half of 2019. We started placing the orders with the supply chain during the first half of the year. We have a complete understanding. This isn't a new discovery. We have a complete understanding of what's happening. And we took that into account and reflected that in our guidance. So hard to quantify the exact impact. But I guess, you can tell by the guidance level that we provide, it's not hugely -- it's not a huge number. And it's well under control which is why we were able to provide the guidance and the confidence that we have in the guidance for 2020 of at least 11%. 
In terms of the guidelines around utilization, again, we don't really see utilization improving much until the second half and really not until 2021, 2022, and that's when we'll see a meaningful impact in the overall improvement of the utilization of the fleet tied to those iEPCI awards.

Sure. I'll provide you some additional color. So there's a certain level of maintenance CapEx associated with the existing asset base, both the manufacturing assets as well as the fleet. The increment and the only increment that you're really seeing is tied to that tremendous inbound growth that we pointed out in 2019 and the continued investment to support the growth rate of our subsea services business, which, as I pointed out, grew substantially in 2019, and we expect it to repeat in 2020.

Well, I think the whole industry needs to restructure and really get focused on driving through cycle returns, not just peak returns. And in order to do that, we have to look at the capital structure of our industry, and we have to look at the capital structure of our individual companies, as in many other attributes, particularly in the subsea business we believe that we are leading by example. So you know we took some very decisive moves. We announced some asset sales during the last year, and we'll continue -- and we announced a very important partnership as well with Allseas, and we will continue to look at ways that we can work collaboratively with anyone, anyone at all, in order to ensure success for the industry going forward, and once again, make it a very attractive place for the investment community to put their money because of the type of margins that we'll be able to demonstrate on a through-cycle basis. 
If we keep looking at it individually as to the own size of our assets, regardless of what type of assets they are, we tend to end up in a situation where the industry is overcapitalized and we don't generate the type of returns that are required. 
So look, we are very open to working with anybody, and we have demonstrated that, and we will benefit from that in terms of the type of returns that we'll be able to generate because of that type of behavior.

Sure. So the issue, as we know, is there's a phenomenon called stress corrosion cracking. It happens when a few conditions are met. Those conditions are very prevalent in the pre-salt reservoirs and the pre-salt composition of the hydrocarbons that are produced. And therefore, we see an accelerated rate of stress corrosion cracking in that environment. Why am I emphasizing that? This is a well-known physical phenomenon. It happens anywhere where they're steel in -- placed in a certain condition where this type of event can occur. By the way, a standing structure, a bridge, if you will, made out of steel is experiencing stress corrosion cracking. It's not -- it's absolutely well-known and understood. 
When the pre-salt was developed because of the high CO2 content and the fact that a flexible riser when the annulus is flooded, can accelerate that phenomenon. So it's a well-known phenomenon. It just becomes accelerated. So look, the industry had a -- this is an industry phenomenon. We are, obviously, the leader in the flexible pipe, both technology and certainly in the installed base and continue to be. 
So we've been working very actively, actually, with industry, but very much directly with Petrobras and making sure that we could clearly understand the phenomenon in this condition and then be able to model it so that we could predict the -- let's say, the impact of the effects of distressed corrosion cracking, whilst at the same time and in parallel, developing solutions that will be less -- will be more resistant or even stress corrosion crack -- SEC, if you will, stress corrosion cracking free. And that's exactly the process -- and that's what we're doing. So it's multidimensional as I'm pointing out. 
We are well advanced on the first element, which is now being able to model and predict and working very closely with Petrobras on that. So it's very -- it's a combined issue, and it's now a well-understood issue, and we're able to model it. 
At the same time, we're developing the solutions hand-in-hand with Petrobras. And we're very pleased. And they are -- more importantly, they are very pleased with the progress that we're making. We just had a review on the subject matter 2 weeks ago with the Petrobras leadership team, and we'll continue to work with them in an open and collaborative way to solve this industry -- to solve this industry phenomenon and ensure that we will have a product that they'll be able to use across their portfolio because it's important to understand what we're really talking about is a small application of flexible pipe. If you look at the total amount of flexible pipes sold, this is a very small portion of that total market that is impacted. It's not all of Brazil, it's not all of Petrobras, it's not all of pre-salt. It's in a very specific isolated situation. That being said, we're committed to solving it, as I pointed out and are making good progress in that situation. 
In regards to the rest of the business around our flexible product line, it continues unchanged, if you will, and continues to be quite robust.

Thanks, Amy. And look, I'll be brief on the first one on the what is the competition doing around iEPCI. I'm sure they're talking about it. I'm sure they're trying to figure that out right now. It's not evident to me what they're doing, but what is clearly evident is this is the way that the market is going. We're real thankful that in 2016 we had the vision. We're even more thankful that in 2017, we completed the transaction and, obviously, most thankful for the recognition by our clients in the amount of over $7 billion of integrated awards that they've given us thus far, the vast majority of those being direct awarded to our company. So we're just very thankful for the situation we're in. 
In regards to technology leadership in Subsea, it's, obviously, an important -- it's one of the important elements. The commercial model has been hugely successful, but the ability to be able to merge that with a technology program that not only drives the Subsea -- expansion of the Subsea market in an example like 20K that you pointed out, which is very important, indeed. It also can be fundamentally change the way that we conduct our business or our operating model, both in terms of our physical footprint as well as in terms of our assets. 
So Subsea 2.0 has had a profound impact on our manufacturing footprint in a positive way, if you will, from a cost point of view or from a returns point of view, and I strongly believe that Subsea 3.0 and beyond will have the same type of impact on the installation capabilities going forward for ourselves and ultimately for the industry.

Certainly, a creative way to put me in the corner, Kurt. I'm not going to fundamentally disagree with your statement.

Yes, Kurt. Look, I'm not going to pretend that I have a crystal ball that others don't on the North American market, been doing it for too long. I don't think anybody has ever gotten it right over a 12-month period. It's just way too dynamic of a market. Most of our competitors are not only giving H1 guidance, and yes, we could have went that route as well. We put out the view that we understand from our perspective, understanding kind of our market position and what we're trying to do in the market. But I think like everybody else, we'll see how the first half develops, and we'll come out with updated guidance for the second half when it's more appropriate.

So thank you very much. It's a great note to end on. It is going well, and we are -- we'll be talking a lot more about that at the TechnipFMC Analyst Day later this year. 
And if I could, operator, I've never done this before, but I'm going to ask a question because I'm a little bit surprised we didn't get a question around -- we just announced an LNG award as part of my prepared remarks, the award came just maybe 1 hour before this call. That is a huge, huge element for our company and for Technip Energies going forward. So Catherine, could you tell us a little more about the award that Doug announced earlier today?