Thank you, Matt, and congratulations on your recent promotion and your expanded role. Thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings call. Before I comment on the strong operating results in the period, I want to first talk about yesterday's announcement regarding shareholder distributions. At our Analyst Day in November of 2021, we shared with you what we believe to be in an appropriate capital structure for our company. Since then, we have made substantial progress towards our goal. 
In the second quarter, we successfully reduced gross debt by more than $500 million, and we remain confident in our ability to achieve our stated target of $1.3 billion. This targeted capital structure will ensure that we can maintain strong access to credit and allow for continued investment in our business through the cycle. 
Given our debt reduction to date, we now have the flexibility to begin shareholder distributions as evidenced by the announcement of an authorization to repurchase up to $400 million of our common stock. This represents 14% of the company's outstanding shares at yesterday's closing price. We firmly believe that our shares are undervalued and that the share repurchase program underscores our confidence in the long-term outlook for our company. Simply put, buying our shares is one of the most compelling investments available to us today. 
In addition to this opportunistic approach to shareholder distributions, we have reaffirmed our intent to initiate a quarterly dividend in the second half of 2023. Our debt reduction, share repurchase announcement and reaffirmation of a dividend distribution are all important milestones in delivering greater shareholder value. 
Turning to our financial results. I am very pleased with the solid performance demonstrated in the quarter and the strong start to the year. Total company revenue in the period was $1.7 billion. Total company adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $187 million, exceeding the expectations we outlined on our first quarter call. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 10.9%. Total company inbound orders were $2.2 billion, driving another quarter of sequential backlog growth to $9 billion. 
In Subsea, quarterly inbound was $1.9 billion. Inbound for the first half of the year was $3.8 billion, a book-to-bill of 1.4 with iEPCI, direct awards and Subsea Services, representing approximately 70% of total orders. Project awards inbound in the period included ExxonMobil's Yellowtail development in Guyana, where we were given full notice to proceed. 
The Subsea production system includes 51 enhanced vertical Deepwater trees as well as 12 manifolds. We were also awarded a new flexibles contract from ExxonMobil for high-pressure, high-temperature risers for the Yellowtail development. And we received a contract from TotalEnergies to supply subsea production systems for the CLOV3 development offshore Angola. This is the first contract under the company's new framework agreement, covering Subsea 2.0 trees for brownfield developments in Block 17. 
As previously highlighted, our high volume of feed activity and unique client partnerships supports our view that the Subsea tree awards for the total industry will likely exceed 350, a level not seen since 2013. In the first half of this year, TechnipFMC has already been awarded 117 trees. This is nearly double the volume we sold in all of 2021 and serves as further indication that the industry is in full growth mode. 
Earlier this month, we announced the award of an integrated FEED or iFEED by Equinor for the BM-C-33 project offshore Brazil. The study includes an option to proceed with a direct award to our company for the iEPCI phase of the project. Upon FID, this would be one of the industry's largest integrated awards to date. This will also be the first time Equinor uses our configure-to-order production systems and further underscores our view that more than 50% of our tree orders will be Subsea 2.0 over the next 2 years. 
And within our new Energy Ventures business, 2 title energy contracts were recently awarded in the U.K. The multi-turbine projects will be capable of delivering 7.2 megawatts, a predictable title energy through our partnership with Orbital Marine Power. This award positions us as the leader in floating title energy. 
The first half order trends clearly demonstrate the strong momentum of the Subsea market. The underlying strength is also displayed in our Subsea opportunity list which increased by 20% from the first quarter update and now represents an opportunity set of $24 billion for the industry based on the midpoint value of these offshore developments. It is also important to note that the list does not fully reflect the underlying strength of the market. There are 12 distinct customers represented on this list, most of which have participated in subsea developments for many years. However, our first half inbound was composed of more than 40 operators across all basins, illustrating the growing diversity of our customer base. 
Based on our strong first half results, the growing project pipeline and the active dialogue with our large and expanding customer base, we expect full year Subsea orders will be up as much as 40% versus the prior year, above the previous forecast of 30% with orders now approaching $7 billion in 2022. 
Moving to Surface Technologies. We are pleased with the sequential improvement in our results. We saw good growth in North America sales and profitability. And we continue to move pricing higher as needed to ensure we earn an acceptable return on our investments. 
As previously indicated, our results outside of North America were impacted by the startup of our new manufacturing facility in Saudi Arabia. We have now completed the facility audit and most administrative milestones, leading to our first in-country orders. This sets the stage for improved financial performance as we ramp production in the second half of the year. Alf will provide more detail on our outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Now let me close my remarks with a simple message. We are very focused on delivering on our commitments. First, we said we would restore the balance sheet to a more appropriate capital structure. And in the quarter, we reduced gross debt by an additional $530 million to $1.5 billion. 
Second, we said we would initiate shareholder distributions, and we have now made sufficient progress towards our capital structure to do so. This action has been accelerated a full 12 months ahead of schedule and reflects our view that a balanced approach to debt reduction and share repurchase is warranted given the significant discount in our share price relative to peers and the long-term prospects of our company. 
Finally, we remain focused on meeting our financial commitments in 2022 and beyond. We are very confident that we will deliver results within the full year guidance framework provided back in February. And looking further ahead, we remain confident that our internal initiatives coupled with a strong market backdrop, provide us with a clear path in achieving Subsea EBITDA of more than $1 billion by 2025. 
I will now turn the call over to Alf to discuss our financial results.

Sure. Actually, you raised a really good point. If you look at the Subsea opportunity list, which increased 43% since this time last year, and now represents $24 billion, you are correct in pointing out that the majority of these are actually large greenfield projects. Behind that is a significant amount of tieback or brownfield activity that is still ongoing. I don't know that I'd call it, even middle innings. We're still fairly early, and there's lots of opportunities. 
And you can see that in our inbound numbers in the first half, where a large portion of the inbound number is actually coming from unannounced awards or if you will, some of the smaller awards that aren't always but are often in that category of tiebacks or brownfield. 
So simply stated, it remains extremely robust. There's a lot of activity. It is the shorter cycle part of Subsea and it's one that our integrated model, coupled with our Subsea 2.0 platform makes us the partner of choice because we can deliver those projects in 12 to 14 months, which has a huge impact on the tieback opportunities and a reason why we've been, if you will, doing so well in that market.

Chase, I would have been surprised if you didn't ask. So certainly worth asking. I think it is a bit early to give segment guidance, if you will. But no doubt, the market is setting up very nicely, particularly for us because of the large portion of direct awards that are a result of the unique iEPCI offering are the large installed base in Subsea services as well as our partners and the direct awards that we received from our partners. 
So we remain very excited about the remainder of 2022 as well as 2023. But I'm going to turn it over to Alf to maybe give you a bit of color more from a total company perspective than a segment perspective.

Sure. Why don't I add a little bit on the cost side, Mark, to your question. We talked a lot about this at the Analyst Day back in November. A lot of what we have been doing in the company to iEPCI changing the commercial model, Subsea 2.0 enabling configure to order or CTO as our new operating model both give us significant cost leverage because we can get the benefits of scalability, and we're seeing that. 
And if you remember back in the guidance we gave and November of last year, which was Subsea margins would expand to 15% by 2025, along with revenue growth, doubling the EBITDA of Subsea that had very little pricing element involved. There was activity, there was volume because our revenue was going from $5.5 billion to $7 billion. But we're in a very different environment today. And we're seeing the benefit of all the hard work and the innovation and now the saturation with Subsea 2.0, 50% of our orders over the next 2 years, we expect to be Subsea 2.0 that creates that ability to really start to get that cost leverage. And then on top of that, we are certainly in a very different pricing environment than we had envisioned just 6 months ago. So net-net, very favorable.

Yes. So 2.0 orders started -- we commercialized at the end of 2017, 2018. Started to get some orders, obviously, in '19. And '20 was obviously a pretty tough year for all of us. And now we're -- the orders are ramping up, as indicated. We expect up to 50%. 
So if you just add kind of the normal delivery schedule to that, you're starting to see those installations go into place. I don't have an exact count. I actually don't track the exact number of Subsea 2.0 installations, if you will, but they are there. They're going well. We've had repeat orders from all of the customers that we've delivered Subsea 2.0. 
And in some cases, like you saw us announce last quarter and then this quarter announced the first call off, we have customers that are now going exclusively to Subsea 2.0, like TotalEnergies decision to do that for their brownfield activity in Angola. So yes, things are definitely moving very favorably, and we're very pleased and humbled by the success of 2.0.

Well, David, you're spot on. And it's actually an intriguing question because in this environment, you think we'd be announcing big capital increases and adding more manufacturing capacity, adding more fixed assets. We said we were going to change the way business was done. We were going to develop our model so that we could drive higher returns and sustainable returns and attractive through-cycle returns.
And David, if it wasn't for 2.0 and the ability now to be able to leverage the configure-to-order model would be in a very different situation. So we have doubled the Subsea 2.0 CTO allows us to double the throughput capacity within the same footprint. So we've actually reduced manufacturing capacity roofline, but increased our throughput capacity. That's just exactly what we want to hear, and we believe our investors want to hear. And it's what sets us up, I believe, to deliver a very different results than what is typical at this point in the cycle when companies are increasing their capital budgets to accommodate the growth. 
In addition to that, beyond the manufacturing, you know we've changed the operating model in the industry by partnering with others and using their assets and providing them access, if you will, to our market a much of which is proprietary because of the integrated model and the direct awards that we have, allowing them access to that market where we can utilize their floating assets to support our fleet without us having to add additional capacity to be able to service this growth. So this is our approach. We're going to remain very disciplined but still grow the company, which I think is the best of all scenarios.

Yes. That's a great...

No. Thank you for -- thank you for clarifying. And yes, the best way to think about it is 2.0 enables CTO. So CTO equals 2.0.

Sure, Dave. So let's start with what we believe will be the most significant growth market for us in Surface, which is the Middle East. And it's not just Saudi. It's beyond Saudi. And be it Saudi, be it UAE, Oman, Kuwait, et cetera. There's a significant amount of investment going on in the Middle East today. The facility that we built in Saudi will cover 100% of our needs and Aramco's needs from us. So we will be doing that, if you will, be fully vertigrated within the country and a similar approach we have in the UAE. 
So that's the most significant market for us. We are well positioned -- the -- as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we're on way now in accepting new orders and there'll be a ramp-up. It doesn't happen overnight, but there'll be a ramp-up through the end of the year in being a really strong run rate then for 2023. 
North America remains robust as well, not necessarily the same growth potential in our view, but one where there's certainly a limitation of capacity as we've kind of reached -- kind of stretched beyond the resources that are available, be it human resources or physical resources within the market. There, it's very important to us that we generate returns that are acceptable. And we are -- as a result of that, requiring a higher price point, higher returns for the work that we're doing in the North American market.

Sure. So agree with the comments Schlumberger made. I guess the only difference is we're seeing it now. It's not a second half event. It's obviously showing up in our results as we speak. I'm always wanting to point out that -- we -- our objective is to capture a greater portion of the economic value that we deliver to our customers. So we have very long-term relationships, many of which are exclusive to our company, some of which are over 20 years -- that have been in place for over 20 years. 
So what we do is we continue to innovate, we continue to differentiate. And as a result of that, if we can create greater economic value for our customers, they are more than pleased to share with us a greater portion of that economic value that we create. So there is no doubt that we are seeing the benefit of that. And the iEPCI model coupled with Subsea 2.0, unique combination that we offer into the marketplace is allowing us to get that benefit in terms of the share of the economic value. 
In addition to that, as I responded to an earlier question, there's also cost leverage associated with that. So if you will, we're capturing it on both ends, but at the same time, making sure that we are creating greater economic value for our customers or better project returns, we do that. Most -- the most direct way we can do that is delivering projects well ahead of what the rest of the industry is capable of doing, which we would not have been able to do without the creation of a single integrated company and the continued investment and innovation -- in technology and innovation as evidenced by Subsea 2.0. So that's what gives us the confidence as we continue to move forward.

Sure. I'm going to have Alf comment.

So thank you for the question. I think it's really important that we are very clear in this response. This is a trend that has been underway and we are just seeing it unfold. So there is not a single catalyst or a short-term effect. This is certainly something that has been underway and the preferential investment in offshore for a variety of different reasons, we believe, has been building and will continue going forward.

No. So thank you for the question. And I appreciate the fact that you recognize that we have managed. And to me that's something that our shareholders expect us to do. Is it challenging? Of course, it's challenging. Is it real? Yes, it's real. But with a bit of forward planning and the development of relationships, both with our customers as well as with our suppliers, one can use that during these challenging times to make sure that it's a win-win-win, if you will. And that's exactly been our approach. 
We have always stood by our suppliers even in difficult times that we all went through during the pandemic, and our customers have stood beside us. We have lots of contractual and legal reasons why we are able to do that. But I don't think you should underestimate that. If you don't treat people right, they'll remember that. And they'll take advantage when the opportunity is. 
But if you just look at where we are in the market today, I alluded to in my prepared remarks, we received 117 trees in the first half of the year. Now we said 350 for the total year. So one could ballpark what is probably the total market and what was our position of the total market. 
So our suppliers understand that this is some -- this is our core business. This is a business we're very focused on. This is a business that if they align with us, they know that they're aligning with the leader for today as well as for tomorrow. And with that comes certain preferential treatment. And I don't think that it's -- I don't think that it's completely appreciated, and that has helped us tremendously, and we will continue to operate that company that way, both with our customers as well as with our suppliers. 
So very proud of the work that our team has done in building those relationships, sustaining those relationships. And we continue to be very supportive of our supply chain. And again, at the end of the day, yes, there's contractual support but it's really done -- it's just the way that we do business. It's a bit unique. But it has its benefits as is being evidenced today.