Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, and good morning. Thank you for participating in our third quarter earning call. On the call with me today are Maryann Mannen, Chief Financial Officer; and Arnaud Pieton, President and CEO elect of Technip Energies.  
We delivered solid operational results in the third quarter, just months after the start of one of the most challenging periods the global community has ever faced. I want to once again thank our entire workforce for the resilience and dedication that they have shown throughout these unprecedented times. 
Our success is evident in our ability to continue winning, to continue executing and to continue accelerating our business transformation, while remaining steadfast and our focus on health and safety.  
In the quarter, inbound orders exceeded $2.2 billion, largely driven by Subsea. This was our strongest quarter thus far in 2020 and represented a sequential increase of 45%. Our strong results stem from the success of working collaboratively with our clients, where our innovative solutions, demonstrated excellence in execution and financial health, provide our customers with confidence to move forward projects during such challenging times.  
Total company adjusted EBITDA was $321 million with a margin of 9.6%. Importantly, all 3 segments showed sequential margin improvement as the execution momentum continued across the portfolio.  
And looking at our business transformation, we continue to accelerate our cost reduction efforts and have already achieved the full targeted run rate savings of more than $350 million. As we leverage our new business models, innovative technologies and digital solutions, we will continue to drive further cost reduction and efficiency gains across the organization.  
Taken together, our inbound orders, our operational results and our cost reduction initiatives provide us the confidence to reaffirm our full year guidance for 2020.  
As our clients continue to reprioritize their portfolio of investments, we have seen an improvement in our award activity. Having announced 6 projects globally since July, totaling $2.8 billion in aggregate contract value. While most of these projects are already in our backlog, the EPC contract for the Assiut Hydrocracking Complex, a Technip Energies award that exceeds $1 billion, is anticipated to be inbound in the fourth quarter.  
We also announced an award from Shell for the revamp of their Moerdijk plant, where we will provide proprietary equipment and related services for 8 ethylene furnaces. This award further demonstrates our leadership in ethylene technology and helps drive a reduction in CO2 emissions.  
In addition, our LNG opportunity set remains strong, as we have been awarded 2 major projects which will inbound upon FID by the client. For one of these projects, Sempra's Energy at Costa Azul, the client has indicated a likely FID by year-end. And we are actively tendering a major project in Qatar.  
Our prospect with good momentum is evidenced by recent award announcements for several project work scopes. While we believe TechnipFMC is well positioned for this opportunity, the EPC contract is being competitively tendered.  
In Surface Technologies, we continue to leverage the strength and resilience of our leading international franchise with 2 important growth opportunities captured in the quarter, both in the Middle East.  
In Kuwait, we received an award for high-pressure gas equipment and in-country services. And in Oman, we secured a 5-year frame agreement with Petrogas, an operator that has significant drilling plants in the country.  
We believe these awards provide us the opportunity to further expand our market share across the region.  
And in Subsea, we were awarded our latest iEPCI  project with Shell in Malaysia. It incorporates our Subsea 2.0 technology as well as a diverse set of other projects in some of the most active basins in the world.  
In Brazil, the Petrobras Mero 2 project; in Norway, the Breidablikk project for Equinor; and the ExxonMobil Payara project in Guyana. 50% of these projects were the result of a direct award to our company due to our unique capabilities, our competitiveness and our technology leadership. These awards clearly demonstrate the resilience of strategic offshore basins, where through-cycle economics are highly competitive within our clients' investment portfolios.  
We remain on track to secure approximately $4 billion of Subsea inbound for the full year.  
Looking ahead, we see a healthy set of Subsea opportunities. And we continue to grow our proprietary market opportunities by focusing on long-term strategic relationships with our partners to optimize project economics and returns, utilizing our unique and proven iFEED, iEPCI and iLoF capabilities. Therefore, I am pleased to announce another exclusive alliance with an operator in the U.K. North Sea, leveraging our integrated subsea business model, iEPCI, to support and optimize future development opportunities from the early concept phase through production and Life of Field services.  
Additionally, our front-end engineering teams remain very active. In fact, we have seen an acceleration in study awards in recent months, with double-digit growth now expected above our prior expectation. And half of our study today are integrated, which leverage the benefits of our digital Subsea Studio offering and positions us well for future iEPCI  awards.  
Digital is another key enabler of our business transformation, and our digital strategy is focused on 3 pillars: becoming a data-centric company, developing intelligent products and assets and driving towards autonomous operations. Subsea Studio and our recently introduced iComplete offering are 2 solutions that exemplify these pillars and further expand our leadership position.  
Let me start with Subsea Studio. This solution is transforming the conventional concept, FEED and tendering phases of Subsea projects. Working with our clients, we are now able to develop ultra-fast digital field architectures, that bring together decades of engineering knowledge with artificial intelligence and machine learning to optimize product configurations, accelerate execution and maximize value. Subsea Studio has an open architecture that allows integration with other engineering and manufacturing systems, eliminating the need for multiple handoffs and resulting in as much as a 50% reduction in the time required for front-end engineering. And we are extending the platform beyond Subsea system design to incorporate the execution and field management phases of a project. Once fully implemented, we'll have a complete digital thread from concept design all the way through to the life of the field.  And we are taking our learnings in Subsea and applying those on land. 
IComplete is a revolutionary approach to shale completions. And we're the only company to focus on making a completions pad that is truly integrated, efficient and simplified with digital automation and control. iComplete has 50% fewer components and reduces operating expenditures by 30%.  The integrated system also removes 80% of connections across the well site, improving efficiency while reducing risk. Digital integration is a key element of the iComplete package. All of the data gathered at the site is available in real time. It is actionable information that enables operators to make evidence-based decisions at every step of the process. And when combined with the automation features, it reduces personnel required on site, by up to 2/3. iComplete is experiencing broad market acceptance with awards secured from operators in all major U.S. basins, leading to increased market share.  
Earlier this month, we announced that Arnaud Pieton will assume the role of President and CEO elect of Technip Energies, and I would like to welcome him to the call with us today. 
Arnaud has been with the company for over 15 years and a valued member of our executive leadership team since the formation of TechnipFMC. He has extensive project-related experience. He most recently led our Subsea business, taking it to new levels of commercial and technological success. Simply put, he is a seasoned professional and an integral part of the foundation of the company we know today. While Arnaud will undoubtedly bring new energy and new ideas to his new role, he and I are fully aligned on business strategy and committed to realizing a successful future for Technip Energies.  
And what an exciting start to his new role, just last week, we announced a strategic partnership and investment in the green hydrogen arena with McPhy, a leading manufacturer of equipment used in the production and distribution of green hydrogen. We are already a leader in hydrogen today. And with McPhy, we will leverage our established brand and customer relationships as well as our core competencies in engineering, technology integration and project execution, to develop large-scale and competitive green hydrogen solutions from production all the way to liquefication, storage and distribution.  
We are also joined by Chart Industries whose expertise and equipment development is complementary to our process technology and project capabilities. We firmly believe that both innovative technologies and partner collaboration will be needed for the world to achieve net zero carbon targets. And this collaboration between the McPhy, Chart Industries and ourselves stands as a real example of the many ways in which TechnipFMC will play a material role in the energy transition.  
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Certainly, Sean, thank you for the question. You're absolutely right. I remain steadfast in my conviction to the creation of Technip Energies as an independent company. The strategic rationale remains unchanged. And I would say, if anything, it has become clearer in the importance of moving forward with such a transaction. 
I think it's important, though, when we think about your question around what could be triggers, et cetera, is to reflect back on what led to the decision, a difficult decision at the time to defer the transaction. 
And to me, there was really 3 factors that weighed into that decision. One was complete panic in the financial markets, driven by both the pandemic as well as the commodity price. There was a lot of -- secondly, there was a lot of uncertainty in our clients' plans at the time. And then finally, it really came down to ensuring that we had an environment that was conducive to, what I'd like to say, us leaning in versus us leaning out in terms of our position within the industry. 
So when we fast forward to today, certainly, there's still anxiety and uncertainty in the market, and there always will be, but I think we've come past that point of just a complete fear and panic and a concern about where the bottom could actually be. 
In terms of the industry, I think it's been quite remarkable. And as evidenced in our Q3 results here and the inbound numbers that we just shared with you for Subsea, if anyone's done them, had an opportunity to look at the math, it's a 1.1 book-to-bill for the third quarter for Subsea, which was quite a substantial win. And winning very important and strategic projects and 50% of those being direct awarded to our company, we're in a really unique position. 
And that really takes us to the third part, which is we're leaning in. We're winning. So when you kind of put those 3 together, I would say, we feel we're in a very different environment than we were in at the time that we suspended, where we didn't know what our customers' plans were going to be. 
For instance, we weren't sure what impact it was going to have on our backlog. I can reaffirm today, there have been no cancellations in our backlog. We didn't know what impact it was going to have on our supply chain and our ability to be able to execute and deliver some of the world's most complex and strategic projects. 
And as our financial results indicated across all 3 of our business segments, we continue to execute very well. So we're in a different situation now, Sean. We'll continue to look at what is the right timing and what is the right scenario and structure to move this transaction forward, but it would be our intent to continue to move in that direction.

Yes, interesting question. And I think you really used the keyword there, which was help or assist. We don't do project financing. But it is true that from time to time, we are in a position that we can try to, if you will, link the 2 parties together. But that -- we do nothing more than that, and that's the only role that we play in project financing. 
It is true. We're reading the same things that you're reading, and we're not privy to any additional facts or time line than you are. But I think it's also realistic to assume if the project has good returns for the client, the project will source funding. And in any single project, there tends to be multiple sources of funding. It doesn't rely on any particular single source of funding. So my assumption, Amy, and we don't have -- none of us can predict the future on this, but I feel quite certain, as we've seen over time that the funding has evolved on these major projects from different sources that a project with good economics would be able -- would source funding in whichever way it deemed most appropriate. 
So we'll wait and we'll see how things play out, and we'll continue to play our role, which is nothing more than to help or assist, which we normally don't do. But when asked, we certainly do what we can to support or assist. But again, we're not in the project financing game.

Sure, Amy. I knew we were going to get to 2021 quickly. We got there on the second question. So thank you. Or no, thank you, maybe. 
No. Look, Amy, we'll give you as much -- I'll give you some, kind of, qualitative thoughts, obviously quantitative thoughts at this time would be premature. Our customers are still developing their budgets, their plans for 2021. So to do anything quantitative, I think, would be a bit premature. But in the spirit of your question, I'll be willing to give you some qualitative outlook. 
I'm going to cover Subsea and Surface international, and then I'm going to ask Arnaud to make some comments on his thoughts on the subject regarding Technip Energies. 
So let's start with Surface international. Look, we are continuing to see very strong momentum in our order outlook for Surface International. And I keep emphasizing International only because in North America, as you know, it's a Book & Turn business. So the inbound that we expect to come from the Surface international will continue to pick up. I know that's a little bit contrarian to some of the other comments that may have been made about the international market, but I think it's important to understand our position in Surface International. It's actually quite unique. 
The level and the specifications and technology required for that equipment far exceeds that that's used in, for instance, the North America market. There's really us and maybe one other supplier of that high-spec equipment. It's totally -- it's vertically integrated. We do it all in-house. It's not outsourced to China or anywhere else, as it is in the North American market. And it requires very, very sophisticated machine tooling and materials to be able to provide that equipment, very similar to Subsea. Hence, the reason we're so successful. 
So we see that continuing to expand. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've always had a strong position in the Middle East, North Africa. We just extended our leadership position in the Middle East. I announced a couple of new awards. And we continue to work very, very closely with all of the key players in the region and expect continued success and in growing success in 2021. 
In terms of Subsea orders, what I would say at this point, Amy, is it seems like forever, but it was just a few months ago, a few quarters ago, I mentioned that I felt we could achieve $4 billion of order inbound for Subsea in 2020. I think for the largest part, it was discounted and there's a lot of skepticism around that. Obviously, we've come a long way to achieving that already, and we have 1 quarter left to complete, and we remain committed to that. 
And I think as I, at this point, look towards 2021, I could see kind of a similar -- I could see 2021 resemble 2020. Again, it's a bit early. There's some moving pieces still we're trying to lock down with our customers to really understand the timing and as always, Amy, one large project shifting from Q4 of 2021 to Q1 of 2022 could change things. And that's why I'm saying, we just don't have that level of granularity yet from our clients. But when I look at the success of our execution, when I look at our growing activity in our FEED, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's now -- it's grown double digit. The majority of that being iFEEDs, the majority of our iFEEDs are direct awarded to our company, this is that proprietary opportunity set that the rest of the market does not have access to. Again, why we were able to do $4 billion this year, which is the majority of the Subsea market. We expect that to continue on next year, again, with probably more iEPCI projects and more direct awards. 
And then finally, it's important not to forget the strength and resilience of our Subsea Services business. That continues to be a strong foundation that we continue to build from. 
So when you put all that together, again, we have to really understand what projects are going to move forward and the timing of those projects. But I expect that to -- I expect 2021 to resemble 2020. 
And just maybe one last thought. You may have picked up in my prepared remarks, but if you didn't, we signed another exclusive alliance for Subsea. So we're really proud of the progress we're making. Arnaud?

Sure, Mark. I'll cover Subsea. As indicated, we had a very solid third quarter. We provide annual guidance. It's not necessarily quarterly guidance, and therefore, one can imply the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter will be a bit softer in Subsea. This is the way it always is. The fourth quarter with the exception of maybe 1 or 2 instances, is always a bit later for us, and this has to do with the reduced amount of activity, particularly in the North Sea related to our vessel activity and our project activity in the North Sea. 
But the way that I would maybe summarize it is that we remain very confident in our full year guidance. And Marc, I'd add to that, that keep in mind that we're saying at least 8.5%, and we are very confident in that. 
And did you want more than that, Marc, on the other?

Marc, Surface North America is a bit hard. As you know, a lot of times, they run in the budgetary constraints at the end of the year. And you actually see a bit of softening in North America in terms of the revenue trend in the fourth quarter. But right now, I would say it's a very fluid situation, but we're very proud of our international franchise and the strength of our international franchise. 
And Arnaud, do you want to make a comment on Technip Energies?

Yes, Marc. Industry-wide, vessel utilization next year will not be good. So don't anticipate that there's going to be a big uptick in the utilization, and I'm talking across industry, still way too much capacity. Projects had gotten deferred as a result of the pandemic. That's pushed some things to the right. That's pushed maybe some of the utilization recovery for the industry to the right. 
Now as you know, we've been selling vessels, we'll continue to pursue that path. And it may be cold stacking, it may be selling. It just depends upon what the opportunities present. And we're not building new vessels. And I would encourage the industry to quit building new vessels. We need to learn to work together, and we're going to be the leader in that. And we're going to lead by example, and we're going to continue to form strategic alliances and work with others and make sure that we can feed our very healthy integrated projects and ensure that we have the capability to deliver and continue to grow those integrated projects. And we're very happy to do that through collaboration versus through direct ownership and adding capacity into the market. 
So this is a big change. We're leading that change. It's the right thing to do for the industry, and it's certainly the right thing to do for our company. And it's most definitely the right thing to do for our investors.

Sorry, we were having a bit of trouble here. We had some audio issues here. I believe you were asking regarding some of the recent media coverage and discussions around the Rovuma project. Is that correct?

Sorry. Thank you very much. Look, as you know, we remain very -- in very close collaboration and working very closely with ExxonMobil on this project, an important project for us and for our partners. We remain very excited about this project, and our singular focus is to work with ExxonMobil, along with our partners to ensure that we can reach the best project economics for the project. 
That's been the way since the very beginning. It's why we were selected, and our consortium was selected, and we should expect that we would continue to do so. I don't think there's much more to read into some of the media coverage than just good, normal project practice and project engineering.

Sure, Kurt. You can't see me, but I have a big smile on my face, but you're not going to fully like my answer, I know that. We have the answer, but I have a keynote presentation in, I think, 2 weeks' time, a little less than 2 weeks' time. And I really don't want to steal my thunder or the thunder for the company. 
But Kurt, I think what we're going to have to say will be very, very compelling. The opportunities are most definitely applied across the portfolio. And what we're going to show, Kurt, and it's just our style, I'm not suggesting it's the best, but it's what we do. We tend to really build our -- build up and have some real credible examples, we say, making it real versus just kind of going out, let's say, with pure ambition and belief. And you've heard us do more and more of that. You've heard me talk about iProduction, reducing future to greenhouse gas emissions by 50%. You've heard me talk about Subsea 2.0, reducing greenhouse gases by 47%, and you saw us make our strategic investment in green hydrogen with the recent investment we made to McPhy, which I'm going to ask Arnaud to tell you a bit more about the hydrogen market. 
But Kurt, I apologize to you, but I promise the -- it's a very compelling message. I'd like to deliver that message in the proper setting. And the work has been done. We actually -- we'll talk about what we have done, where we've been investing because in some of these areas we've been investing for over 5 years. This isn't anything new. We're going to talk about the fact that we're doing it because we believe it's the right thing to do, not because it's because of popular demand, you have to believe in what you're doing. And we're going to show real examples of the impact that we're having. We're going to set forth the ambition, but we're all -- going to also set forth a 3-year measurable plan and a scorecard that our progress can be judged against. 
And we're going to focus on those markets where we can actually generate good returns. So we're going to be selective. And you've heard me say that before. There's some very popular offshore markets right now that people are pursuing. But when you really look at it, and it doesn't take long to analyze it, there's just not enough left for the installation company to make a decent return. So these packages are being split upwards of 8 contractors, which would typically be done between 1 or 2 contractors. So if you're the 8th on the list, if you don't have the technology, if you're not bringing together the integration, if you're not the -- if you're just doing the installation, that we don't believe we can generate the type of returns that our shareholders expect from us. 
So we're looking at other things. And you're going to hear me talk about some things in a couple of weeks that I think will really be surprising, but they'll be backed up by facts, they'll be backed up by real examples of what we're doing, and it will be an ambition that is -- will be very, very compelling. 
I'd like to let Arnaud talk a bit about the hydrogen market. This is a market we've been in for quite a while. And we were very excited about our recent investment in green hydrogen. Arnaud?

They most definitely have a name. It is a very well-known name, but they would like to, let's say, have a bit more -- they want to wait for an event. And the event is when we will announce our first integrated project with them. We're right now in the integrated FEED phase on their portfolio. And we would expect that to become -- to come and to be one of those -- at least one of those to convert into an integrated project, which is when we would then, let's say, formally announce along with the -- our client and partners' name at the same time. We've done that a few times. Again, for us, we like that as well. Again, it makes it more real. It's not about marketing. It's about reality. And I think, once again, the industry will be surprised at projects that are moving forward and the economics that are move -- and it's enabled by the economics because of our unique integrated offering. 
So we're working on these on a proprietary basis. All we have to do is to move them from the iFEED to the iEPCI. If they convert, then ours is a direct award in this exclusive relationship, long-term relationship with yet another Subsea operator. We could not be more proud.

So you're right, there's been a lot of focus both on biodiesel as well as renewable diesel. I think the renewable diesel market, we all -- it's still very early stages. I think we all need to spend just a little more time before we make too strong of any comments regarding the renewable diesel market. 
But as you know, the biodiesel market is an area of strength for our company. We couldn't be more proud of the relationship that we have with Neste, the continued projects that we have with Neste and this very strong execution that we've had along the way. 
So I'd like to turn it over to Arnaud to add a few of his own comments regarding the subject.

Sure. And it will be -- I'm going to maybe use an analogy, it might not be a great analogy, but I think it helps visualize. If one hasn't been on one of these multi-stage 24/7, kind of, operating environments that is happening in most of the U.S. shale today, it's kind of hard to appreciate. So I'll try to visualize it for you. 
There's just a scurry of activity. And then there's the actual execution or, if you will, the pumping of the stage, at which point everybody goes back and it's highly automated, and it's really managed quite efficiently. But it's -- what happens between those stages, that is at best orchestrated and at worst chaotic, I describe it as a bunch of ants just scurrying around a bunch of simultaneous operations. You're dealing with high-pressure regions, you're dealing with very trip hazards. It's just -- it's very complicated, but it's the way that the industry has been doing it forever, right. I say forever since I've been around. 
But what is -- we looked at it, and we consider ourselves to be an integrated architect. And it's what we do in the Subsea. Everything in Subsea uses automation and control. You don't have people running around in between operations because, obviously, they're unable to because it's at the bottom of the ocean. 
So we said, well, why can't we do that on surface? And of course, initially, people say, "Oh, it's not possible, it's not applicable, et cetera. But when you put really smart people on it, and we have a tremendous amount of really smart people and talented people and give them the challenge, it's amazing what they're able to do. 
And what they were able to do was to look at it and take that part of the activity that nobody owns, it's owned by many different contractors. And say, why doesn't somebody kind of take charge here and really find a way to make most of this activity automated, removing that interface, removing all of those activities and at the same time, accelerating and improving the overall efficiency and most importantly, the safe environment in which to operate. 
And it's really quite amazing. And I don't know if I'm giving it justice the way that I'm describing it to you, but we went from a best orchestrated worst chaos to now something that's remotely operated. The client controls everything from an iPad. All of those activities that have to happen in between are now fully automated, and it's quite meaningful. And the market acceptance, it was barely introduced. 
I know it's the first time we're talking about iComplete on an earnings call, it's really because it's relatively new. We've been working on it for a while, but it's just amazing how quickly it's spread because, again, it's just one of these things. If you come up with the right solution that makes sense that the customer can get real upfront benefit from that, we get tremendous benefit from in terms of our operating efficiency. And in this case our market share, these things tend to be very successful. So don't make them overly complex, focus on the things that matter and deliver real results. That's our company.

That's a -- It's a great question. It's hard to get it down to 2 lessons learned. But for the sake of time, I will do my best. There's quite a few lessons that have been learned over the last 6 months. 
If I just try -- if I just try to pick 2, the first one is do what is right, do what is right. It's got to feel right in the mind, and it's got to feel right in the heart. So what do I mean by that? Be it the way that we reacted to the pandemic, by putting 100% of focus on the health and well-being of our employees, our partners and our contractors, trusting them, giving them the tools that they need, helping them through this very difficult period and then allowing them to perform. 
And it's just amazing to me what was done during this period of time when many, many other companies failed, when many other companies struggled because the complexity of adapting to the number of changes that were being thrown at us on a weekly, daily and in some cases, hourly basis and our project directors and project teams and our manufacturing staff and our crews that were out on the vessels, I just -- I can't say enough. So if there's a lesson learned there, take care of them, keep them healthy, give them the tools they need to do the job and have faith and trust and confidence, and it's amazing. It's amazing what people will do. 
The second one is really around the change of behaviors. Becoming too internally focused, not staying close to your customer, I think, has really hurt a lot of companies. We remain very close to our customers. We weren't pestering them. They obviously had to work through their own challenges that were coming at them, but letting them know that we were there. We would support them in whatever way that we could, and we did in some very unique ways, in terms of helping them mobilize people, in terms of helping them with some early COVID testing kits, whatever that -- whatever was required, just built so much loyalty and so much trust. And they also are now extending to us even greater, let's say, latitude to operate. 
So I see in the future where we've always wanted to get. But when it comes to remote inspections versus on-site inspections, when it comes to more integration versus less integration, look I think this is the new reality. It is proven. It is creating value. And I think that this very terrible crisis that we went through, in some cases, probably accelerated some of this adaption (sic) adaptation and adoption by the industry, I would argue by, maybe, as much as 5 years. 
And I think -- I do think it's here to stay. I don't think it will revert. We are talking to clients very seriously now about how they're going to operate their major projects going forward, both in Technip Energies as well as in Subsea. And I think you'll find our company playing a much more prominent role than we have historically.