Thank you, Matt. Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings call. Total company revenue in the period was $1.7 billion. Revenue was in line with the second quarter and our outlook, a solid achievement given the foreign exchange headwind experienced during the period. Total company adjusted EBITDA was $200 million with a margin of 11.5%, which excludes a foreign exchange loss. Both Subsea and Surface Technologies achieved sequential improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter. Total company inbound orders were $1.9 billion. Subsea inbound was $1.4 billion with year-to-date orders now totaling $5.2 billion exceeding the level achieved in all of last year. Project awards inbound in the period included TotalEnergies Lapa Northeast development offshore Brazil, where we will install umbilicals and flexible pipe in a new configuration to further secure the production of the field. This award highlights the diversity of work scope and customer opportunity in the region.
We also received a contract from Shell for the Jackdaw development. The project will use our pipe-in-pipe technology for the tieback from the new Jackdaw platform to Shell's existing Share Water Hub supplying much-needed gas to the region. Additionally, we received an award for the ExxonMobil gas to energy project in Guyana, which will be included in future inbound once the project receives FID and government approvals. This project will enable Guyana to shift a portion of its power generation to cleaner natural gas sourced from nearby offshore fields.  
Beyond our announced awards, inbound orders in the quarter reflected strong tieback activity in the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and West Africa. During the quarter, we also renewed our technology alliance with Halliburton, where we have demonstrated strong collaboration since the creation of TechnipFMC in 2017. The alliance accelerates the development and commercialization of new technologies that deliver integrated production solutions that span Subsea and subsurface applications. An example of this is a digital technology, Odyssey Subsea fiber optic solution, which we first introduced in 2020 and has already been deployed in key Subsea developments.
The alliance continues to develop innovative and disruptive technologies that can be used in all electric Subsea field development, Subsea well intervention and carbon capture and storage.  
Now looking ahead, we are confident that offshore will provide significant volumes of oil and gas with attractive returns that in many cases are amongst the most compelling opportunities available to our customers. Project economics have improved, driven by lower cost and accelerated time to first oil, providing solid support for continued development activity. This is supported by the fact that approximately 90% of estimated Subsea capital expenditures through 2025 are based on breakevens of less than $40 a barrel.
Our Subsea opportunity list remains at a record level. This strong project pipeline and the active dialogue with our large and expanded customer base, give us continued confidence that our full-year Subsea orders will be up as much as 40% versus the prior year, with orders approaching $7 billion in 2022. And if we extend the outlook into 2023, we believe orders over the next 5 quarters will be at least $9 billion.
Moving to Surface Technologies, inbound was strong at $449 million, representing a book-to-bill of 1.4. Importantly, inbound activity in the period benefited from the acceleration of orders from Aramco, a significant portion of which will result in revenue in future periods. The resulting growth in backlog also provides us with increased visibility for continued growth in our international revenue in 2023. Investment in oil and gas resources will continue, and we are confident that offshore and Subsea will be critical enablers for energy transition. Opportunities in greenhouse gas removal, hydrogen and floating offshore renewables, including wind, wave and tidal energy are accelerating.
We have made several announcements regarding strategic agreements and partnerships, and we have already achieved notable commercial wins. We have secured 2 tidal energy contracts in the U.K. through our partnership with Orbital Marine Power. The multi-turbine projects will be capable of delivering 7.2 megawatts of predictable tidal energy, positioning us as the leader in floating tidal energy, and we have signed the option to lease agreement for the ScotWind N3 area through our partnership, Magnora Offshore Wind. The project scope would include the installation of 33 floating wind turbines, which when combined, can provide enough energy to power more than 600,000 homes in the United Kingdom.
Our growing presence in commercial wins in these particular offshore renewable markets are creating new opportunities across an expanding list of potential partners and geographies. We are confident that as the energy transition accelerates, so too will the opportunity set for our company.
In summary, we remain focused on meeting our commitments in 2022. And looking beyond the current year, we continue to see the potential for strong growth in EBITDA, cash flow and returns as evidenced by our stated objective to achieve more than $1 billion of Subsea EBITDA by 2025. Further demonstrating our confidence in this outlook, we announced a new $400 million share buyback program in July, which we quickly put into action with the repurchase of $50 million of our shares in the quarter.
We have also reaffirmed our commitment to a dividend, which we intend to initiate in the second half of 2023. This outlook is enabled by the fundamental changes we have made to our company and the continued strength in the markets we serve. The next leg of growth in oil and gas will be fueled by offshore and the Middle East. The bold steps we took 5 years ago to create TechnipFMC have resulted in a pure-play technology company that is uniquely levered to both of these markets. 
Our portfolio of innovative products, solutions and disruptive commercial models has further strengthened our leadership position, and we are now taking full advantage of the market growth that lies ahead. I will now turn the call over to Alf.

Dave, thank you very much for the question. Indeed, the assumptions have evolved in a very favorable way since what is now almost 1 year ago at our Analyst Day in November of 2021. At that point, there were a few things. Obviously, the commodity price, but also the focus on energy security and the need to accelerate the development of energy sources, all energy sources, but in the immediate term. And that's what we're really seeing in the marketplace today. 
With that, indeed, there is a pricing element that then evolves as a result of that. So our -- when we gave the 15% guidance at the time, we were at 10.5% margin for Subsea going to 15% margin. We had revenues growing to $7 billion. We had inbound coming in at $8 billion. As you heard in my prepared remarks, the inbound has certainly accelerated. Inbound then translates into revenue, which translates into EBITDA. So it is reasonable to assume that the 15% guidance for 2025 could be achieved earlier. And I also emphasize it's reasonable to assume that the 15% margin, it is no way an indication that, that is the upper end of our potential for our Subsea business.

That's a very astute question and one we contemplate often is we're looking at what opportunities we're going to pursue or for that matter, what opportunities we do not pursue. We -- the size and the scale does matter, and you always want to kind of have a balance of the 2 where you have some larger, longer-term projects, but obviously benefiting from supporting those with the smaller, shorter cycle projects as well. If you look at really what's transpired over 2022, you can see that those smaller projects are really becoming a significant portion of our inbound. And historically, I would say it almost double the historical rates for that matter. And you saw it again this quarter. We only had 2 announced awards, neither of which were very large. They were not -- they were large but not very large. And we posted $1.4 billion of inbound, which tells you that, that underlying market for those smaller projects as well as our Subsea services business continues to grow and be very robust.
Now the kind of the prioritization that we look at when we're working through opportunities is, first of all, partner. We always treat our partners with making sure that we have the capacity to be able to serve their needs. And as you know, we have a significant number of partners from the largest IOCs in the world and many new operators that are emerging in the market today and making up that group of the smaller orders with 40-plus different operators that we're not working for.
The second one is iEPCI. Clearly, we believe the way that we can generate the greatest value for our customers is by improving their subsea project economics. The best way to do that is to use -- to do it through an integrated project or our iEPCI model, which typically can save 9 to 15 months or shorter time or accelerate oil, first oil by approximately 1 year, and that is a material implication obviously to the project economics.
The next is 2.0. 2.0 for us and for the industry for that matter is quickly becoming the standard. So 2.0 is what -- when I say 2.0, I know you know, but for everyone on the call, that's the next generation of Subsea architecture that is unique to our company that we introduced into the marketplace a few years ago. It's now the majority of our orders. It's certainly almost all of what we're doing in terms of our early engineering studies and the market is rapidly moving in the direction of 2.0. That allows us to create leverage and move into a configure to order or a CTO model versus an ETO model.
This is very important for us in terms of ensuring that we're capturing a fair and representative portion of the value -- economic value that we create. So it's really that combination. So when you see us announce an iEPCI 2.0 for a partner, well, let's put it this way. You shouldn't be surprised to hear us announcing a lot of iEPCI 2.0 for our partners because that opportunity pipeline is very rich for us right now.

Look, most of these have taken on either existing leases or developing new leases, and they all have multiyear, multi-project opportunity set.

Sure, Arun. Thank you for the question. We had a vision 7 years ago of what the market needed to really make Subsea projects, the most attractive economics in our customers' portfolios, which we believe we've achieved today. We put that into -- initially studied it through a joint venture where we worked on the front end. And then we consummated the relationship 5 years ago, creating the only integrated Subsea company. So as far as we were -- as far as we're concerned, that is behind us, and that's what we're benefiting from, and the market is benefiting from, and our customers are benefiting from, and that's what's most important.
In terms of further consolidation in the Subsea space, that's really not -- that's not something we'll be participating in. But we don't need to because of what we've already created, and we talked a minute ago about Subsea 2.0 and configure to order, that also allows us to double the throughput capacity through our facilities. And if we're able to double the capacity through our facilities, there's no need to consolidate or buy more of the same.
There's just no advantage for us to do that. Instead, we invested in the technology and the development of the technology that allowed us to really optimize and double again our capacity. And then, as you know, on the vessel side, we're developing very important relationships with companies like Allseas and companies like Saipem, that we built a vessel ecosystem where they can benefit from participating in our integrated projects, and we can benefit from having access to their vessels.
So as far as other consolidation, I think -- it clearly is a validation that the Subsea market is both strong and very durable. I think it's acknowledgment of the integrated commercial model, again, that we pioneered and introduced 5 years ago. And then finally, these things are what is driving potential market realignment around this new reality.

Thanks, Chase. Always a little more difficult to forecast the unannounced awards because they are -- sometimes they come at us and very short order time frame versus obviously the larger awards that are going through a tender process, and you have a bit more visibility. Many, many of these smaller awards are direct awarded to our company. And some of those are actually customers that we have -- that have moved to our Subsea 2.0 standard that are basically, if you will, building trees on specs so that they have those available so that they can benefit from very short cycle tiebacks in the period of 12 to 14 months, which is half the time it has taken historically to do that type of work, and they get a huge benefit.
So what I would say is this quarter was probably a bit stronger than I would expect in future quarters, but we had a similar quarter back in Q2. So it is definitely moving in that direction. And remember, it's a combination of these smaller awards, but also the strength of our underlying Subsea services business. So certainly, it's going to be stronger than in the past, but I would say that this level and maybe a bit elevated to what I would model going forward on a more average basis.

Guillaume, look, the real impact it has on our company is on the second portion, which is what you mentioned, which is the carbon capture sequestration opportunities. As you know, we've developed an integrated carbon transportation and storage system. We highlighted that back at our Analyst Day a year ago. It has been fully qualified. And again, I want to emphasize the belief that for carbon transportation and storage, we can just "reverse the flow" is simply not the case. It's going to require a very specific set of equipment and, in many cases, design to a much different standard than we use in traditional oil and gas development.
So we're there. We have it. As you know, we've developed the technology. We built our partnerships, where we're working with Talos in the Gulf of Mexico and others in other places around the world. But in reference to the [ RRA ], I'll highlight the relationship with Talos and the impact it has on the 45Q regulation, which we believe is very favorable and will certainly help accelerate the development of the various projects that we are working on at this time. So...

Thanks, Mark. I appreciate the question. We don't really break that down. We have an idea that Subsea Services typically comes in, in that [ 1: 2 ]range. We've indicated that we want to grow the inbound of subsea services to $1.5 billion by 2025. Going all the way back to Dave's original question as other metrics that we laid out at that time or [ mouthed ] or objective, that too may be achieved earlier than 2025. But you kind of have a range there on the Subsea services. And in terms of the unannounced awards, as we talked about earlier, I think you want to try to find kind of a midpoint between some of these peak quarters like Q2 and -- yes, Q1 and Q3, Marc, and kind of -- versus where we have been historically, the historical average, I'd probably go to the midpoint kind of in between the two of those. But look, let me be very clear, the $9 billion, we have a clear line of site. I'll repeat. We have a clear line of sight. The vast majority of that will be direct awarded to our company. This is the magic, and this is what makes us so proud of our company.

So Marc, I just want to make sure I'm following your questioning. I'm talking about the inbound orders. That doesn't really translate in the current year. That takes some time for it to translate into revenue and EBITDA. But what it shows is obviously, we've got the backlog coverage already pretty much for 2023. So when you think about it, it really sets up 2024 and beyond.

And I think that's really what's so unique about how we've changed our operating model, where we wouldn't be able to do that. We'd see CapEx levels increasing quite dramatically. But with the vessel ecosystem that we've developed and with the benefit of the CTO, we can stay at that low end of the range.