Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings call. 
Total company revenue in the quarter was $3.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA, up $431 million, benefited from further cost reduction as well as another quarter of strong operational execution, a theme I will discuss in more detail on today's call. 
Looking at the business segments, Subsea revenue and EBITDA demonstrated solid performance as we continue to execute well on our backlog. Onshore/Offshore delivered exceptionally strong operating results, as evidenced by an improved EBITDA margin in the period. Revenue and margin for Surface Technologies were essentially flat when compared to the second quarter results, despite softer market activity in North America, a risk we discussed on the second quarter earnings call. 
Total company inbound orders were $3.6 billion, with total company book-to-bill, again, above 1. Importantly, this has supported a return to year-over-year growth in total company backlog, up 9% when compared to the prior year quarter, with backlog growth occurring in all business segments. 
For Onshore/Offshore, we previously communicated an inbound target of $5 billion for downstream opportunities, including refining, fertilizer and petrochemical projects. We have made notable progress towards meeting this goal, including, in the first quarter, an award for the Bapco Sitra Refinery Expansion in Bahrain; contracts for 2 fertilizer plants in India for the HURL joint venture in the second quarter; and in this quarter, an award at Vietnam's largest olefins project for Long Son Chemicals. This demonstrates our leadership in these important downstream markets, and we anticipate further award in the near term. 
Turning to our operational performance. Strong execution continues to be a reoccurring theme across the project portfolio. In Onshore/Offshore, success is most evident in the performance of our largest individual project, Yamal LNG. Despite the inherent complexity of the project size, scope and location, execution has remained very strong. 
We successfully delivered LNG Train 1 in the fourth quarter of 2017, and during the third quarter of this year, we completed Train 2. We delivered the second train some 6 months ahead of schedule. This was in part a key driver of the quarterly performance improvement in Onshore/Offshore. 
Both trains have been operating within their nameplate design parameters. Train 2 reached this milestone in rapid fashion, just 17 days after first drop. As we approach the end of September, 68 cargoes have been offloaded from the project, bringing cumulative LNG shipped from Yamal to over 5 million metric tons. Our work on Yamal continues. Construction and commissioning of Train 3 is progressing well and is on track for another early delivery. 
Our strong project execution extends beyond Onshore/Offshore. In Subsea, we have successfully delivered 3 integrated EPCI projects: Shell Kaikias in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, which we discussed in detail last quarter; and now 2 additional iEPCI projects in the third quarter, Visund Nord and Trestakk, for our partner Equinor on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.
In September, Equinor announced that Visund Nord had come onstream below budget and 2 months ahead of schedule. Project completion took just 21 months from concept selection to first production, a new fast track record for Equinor. An important factor in the success of this project was the strong collaboration with our partner, Equinor, and the integrated capabilities of TechnipFMC. 
For the Trestakk development, we successfully delivered a commission production system to the seabed in 22 months, requiring only a single season of marine operations. This project also benefited from new integrated connection technology that provided a lighter, more cost-effective solution. Achieving this optimized schedule was made possible through the completion of an integrated FEED, which was then directly converted into an integrated EPCI award. 
The successful execution of Kaikias, Visund Nord and Trestakk clearly demonstrates the power of the integrated model. Through strong collaboration with our partners, beginning with integrated FEED studies, we have clearly demonstrated that we can significantly improve project economics with lower cost, reduce interface risk and accelerated time to first oil. And we remain confident that integrated developments, which we pioneered, will increasingly become the commercial model of choice for the subsea industry. 
Let me now turn to the outlook for our key growth markets. The overarching trend for E&P CapEx has turned positive in 2018, following 3 years of declining investment. We expect the broader oil and gas market recovery to continue as we move into 2019. In Subsea, we are clearly in a period of recovery that began nearly 2 years ago. In 2017, we saw our Subsea order inbound increase 27% year-over-year and we continue to expect 2018 inbound to exceed that of 2017. Favorable book-to-bill trends also lend support to growth in backlog. 
Year-to-date trends and Final Investment Decisions, or FIDs, for large offshore projects have been positive. Although FIDs have been tracking fairly in line when oil prices, it's encouraging that the number of FIDs related to larger projects has returned to levels last seen when oil was above $100 a barrel, as illustrated in this slide. This recovery from 2015 trough is supported by the considerable improvement in both deepwater project economics and operator's cash flow. 
Our confidence is further underpinned by an approximate 90% increase in FEED studies year-to-date, with over 50% of these new studies focused on integrated projects. More importantly, many of these FEED studies now also incorporate our next-generation Subsea technology, Subsea 2.0. 
Our second growth pillar, LNG, remains one of the fastest-growing markets in the oil and gas sector, stronger-than-expected near-term demand, driven by consumption in China and new geographies, continues to rebalance an oversupplied market. Industry forecast now suggests the next wave of LNG projects will need to be sanctioned in 2019 and beyond. Our experience and leadership leave us well positioned to capitalize on this growth. 
Our early involvement in several potential projects includes greenfield projects, such as Novatek's Arctic LNG 2 and Sempra's Coastal Azul; as well as brownfield extensions, including the Nigeria LNG Train 7 expansion project. 
Lastly, U.S. unconventionals are undergoing near-term turbulence, with pipeline takeaway capacity constraints negatively impacting activity levels after a period of rapid growth. However, these constraints should prove to be transitory and outside North America, we anticipate increasing demand for our specialized products and services. 
As we turn to the broader market opportunity set for Subsea, we are encouraged by the increasing level of client engagement and project tender. In the most recent update to our Subsea opportunity slide, the market opportunity continues to broaden, with new projects dispersed across South America, West Africa and Asia Pacific. And while the slide only captures projects in excess of $250 million, the market for smaller brownfield and tieback projects remains quite large. 
The increase in smaller project and service activity is also reflected in our business mix. Of the more than $9 billion of Subsea order intake received since January of 2017, less than 40% has been formally announced as a project award. And we continue to expect that over half of our inbound orders in 2018 will be direct awards associated with Subsea services, iEPCI and alliance partners. 
Although we recognize the commercial environment and lower asset utilization remain headwinds near term, we remain focused on selecting projects where we can deliver a differentiated result, driven by our unique integrated offering and next-generation technology. Given the market outlook and our differentiated position, we remain confident that we are well positioned for success. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss the financial results in more detail.

Thank you, Michael, for the question. Clearly, we see less diversity in the results on the tenders in terms of the spread between the high point and the low point. Unfortunately, we still see, from time to time, some irrational pricing and some outliers on the low end. And that remains the challenge in the market that is, if you will, open for everyone to participate in. And again, on a positive side, we're seeing less degree of separation, but we are continuing to see some irrational pricing in that market. We believe some of those who have been active in that activity are to the point now that they will start to refrain from that going forward, so we do have a positive outlook for the trend over the near term. It's important when you think about TechnipFMC, just to reiterate what I said earlier in my script, to recognize that over 50% of our inbound opportunities are not exposed to that market conditions that I just described, and that's because of our ability to be able to convert our integrated FEED activity to direct awards for iEPCI projects as well as our Subsea services business, and our partner and alliance opportunities that we have. It's a real differentiator for our company.

As you know, we're going to be sharing guidance here in December of this year. I think when we look at 2019 and going forward, as I indicated in my script, there continues to be some headwinds. We obviously have some activities that will offset that, but we look forward to sharing more detail with you in December.

Thank you, Jud. And you can see where we updated our Subsea opportunity slide, gives a bit of that answer in the slide. But let me add some more color. So in the fourth quarter, we have to wait and see. It's one of the reasons we want to get -- have an opportunity to have a few more weeks under our belt as we move forward and looking at our 2019 guidance. You may recall, in 2017, there was a flurry of project awards, particularly from Equinor, at the very last days of the year. I cannot either -- I can't confirm or deny that, that's going to happen this year. That's really a function of our clients, and when they wish to sanction projects, be it at the end of one year or the beginning of the next year for certain budgetary conditions. What we do see is a number of projects that we think are increasing in the probability of them being awarded, could be in the end of 2018 or in the beginning of 2019. Of that mix of awards, there's clearly a trend towards integrated projects, and there's clearly a trend towards larger projects being sanctioned. At the same time, as indicated in my script, the smaller awards or tieback and brownfield opportunities continue to be very robust, and we continue to secure a significant portion of that work due to, as well, our accounts and our integrated approach to Subsea tieback.

Thank you very much, James. So first of all, in Yamal LNG, we're extremely proud of the level of execution and of our team and the performance that we've had thus far on the project. There's still plenty of work left to be done around the delivery of Train 3. And based upon the success of that delivery, there could be an additional opportunity to be recognized for that delivery if it's done in an accelerated manner. Beyond the delivery of Train 3, there is ample activity for us to continue to perform. Keeping in mind that it's not only delivering the train, but it's been involved in the commissioning and start-up and successful testing and performance testing of the individual trains. So indeed, there is opportunity and additional work scope in 2019 on Yamal. 
Looking at the longer-term opportunities, I think you summed it up well. I think the market is there. There is more projects being discussed and will likely be sanctioned. Our choice or our strategy has been to focus on those projects that we think have the highest strategic importance and the best economics in terms of delivered products. 
So we look at each of those opportunities under that lens, and from that, we prioritize the projects that we're going to put our resources on. Clearly, there will be bottlenecks. In some geographies, the bottlenecks will be around construction and construction labor. More generally, it will be around the engineering, as you correctly point out. So therefore, as has been our approach to this business, we will continue to work closely with partners and diversify our projects, both in terms of the projects that we're operating. As you know, today, we're operating 3 LNG projects, not just Yamal, but also in the Prelude FLNG project as well as the Coral FLNG project. On those projects, some of the partners are similar; in other cases, there's different partners. So we'll continue to use that strategy of diversification, both in terms of the projects, the geographies and the way that we partner on those individual projects. But we think we're very well positioned to be awarded or to secure some of those projects that we think have high strategic importance and will have very good delivered economics.

Thank you, Sean. I actually think you answered the question very well. The only thing I can really add to your answer is, we also mentioned in our press release, that we finished up the delivery around the North FPSO on Kaombo. This was the largest Subsea project award at that time, and we had a very successful completion of that campaign. So it really is -- it really does come down to the timing. These are -- we have many projects in the portfolio and reaching certain milestones or completing certain activities and/or closing certain projects does have an impact from a quarter-to-quarter perspective. So when we look forward, we were looking at coming off of a Q2 and Q3, where we had several of those type of events that we don't necessarily see reoccurring in the fourth quarter. Again, timing is something that we don't necessarily control. It's our best outlook at this time. And coupled with that, as you pointed out, some seasonal impact on some of our other service lines.

Well, thank you for the question, Sean, because it is somewhat what differentiates us as TechnipFMC versus not having those individual streams. So if we were to break those down, the competitive -- the open market where you're bidding against the lowest common denominator, you're not allowed to apply an integrated model, you're not allowed to apply your latest generation technology and you're going up on an agnostic FEED study that was done at the lowest common denominator, so that it could be tendered accordingly. Again, as I said, on the positive side, there was very large spreads between the top and the bottom and the various individuals in between, and you can see this in those standards that have been publicly disclosed. And what you now see is you see much less dispersion across the various entities that are bidding on the projects. Unfortunately, you still tend to see some outliers, and in some cases, outliers by a significant amount. That's not TechnipFMC. Our strategy is not to be an outlier. Our strategy is to demonstrate where we can create project success by the application of our integrated model, by the application of technology and based upon our leadership in the market and our demonstrated performance. You see that coming through in the projects, as we talked about, Kaikias last quarter, now 2 additional projects this quarter, being Visund Nord and Trestakk. These were not -- these were complicated projects that we were able to deliver in a very respectable manner and, in 2 cases, are being considered to be new records by our clients. So it's something we're very, very proud of, and we believe we're just beginning and we'll continue along that trend. 
So breaking it down further, that's the competitive market. When you -- when we're able to secure a project, an iEPCI award is a direct of the integrated FEED activity that we're performing, and we're able to secure that as a direct award. We're focused on the project economics. We're not focused on the individual line items or lowest common denominator. So we sit down with the client early. We understand that client's economics, the project economics and our own economics. And we're able to find a solution that allows us to achieve an outcome, and in many cases, achieve outcomes that become records for the industry as we have demonstrated thus far. Those margins, quite frankly, tend to be at a higher level because we're being recognized and rewarded for that performance. And again, we're working with the client with a common goal, which is unlocking the potential of the Subsea project economics and delivering it both in terms of lower cost, but more importantly, accelerated first oil. Same applies for Subsea 2.0, but slightly different. We're able to apply our Subsea 2.0 technology. It may give us an advantage in time to first oil, in other words, we can use that as a differentiator and a tender; or it may just give us a benefit in terms of our cost associated with that product or with that set of products. As opposed to the competitors who are bidding at a Subsea 1.0, if you will, we have that advantage or that greater pricing elasticity as a result of our Subsea 2.0 family. I will point out, although it represents 50% of our current activity, there is 50% that is still being competitively tendered. Our goal is to continue to drive that percentage up. That's in our favor. And we think the recent successes that we have will demonstrate to the market the benefit of going with the integrated commercial model and/or Subsea 2.0 technology.

So the trend in the FEED studies is -- if you just look at our activity, as you know, we started doing integrated FEED studies back at the time of Forsys Subsea. So we have built up a set of opportunities that in many cases are proprietary to our company that were never competitively studied by others and are -- now, we're in a position to convert those into a direct award. We have to deliver on the integrated FEED study and we have to deliver on reaching the agreed-upon project economics. When we do so, then it's obviously in the client's hand to decide when to sanction or FID that project. But we watch that opportunity set very closely because that helps us understand how we want to prioritize our own resources, which we would obviously prefer to dedicate to those types of projects based upon my earlier response that I gave to Sean, because on those projects we can realize a higher margin. The -- so the overall mix is clearly moving in that direction as well as you say the overall level of activity. But I would caution, just the 90% increase in FEED activity doesn't necessarily -- is meaningful in the number and the acceleration, as you point out, but I would just caution that it's really the quality of those projects that you're working on. Doing a FEED study for the sake of engineering hours is not where our focus is. We clearly see our clients shifting to, let's say, a much more intimate conversation around production levels, a much more intimate conversation around the timing of projects to be able to achieve first oil in a certain accelerated manner. And I'm -- so it's a more serious discussion along that line. So therefore, I would say the quality, more important than the quantity, has improved quite a bit.

Thanks, James. A very interesting question. Let me point to 2 very real examples, because I like to give real tangible evidence. Equinor has said that the Trestakk project was an economically challenged project, it was a project they had looked to move forward in the past, but there wasn't necessarily the right execution model and commercial model to move that project forward. As indicated, we have now delivered the Trestakk project, and it was delivered on budget and ahead of schedule, and is considered to be a significant success by Equinor. Likewise, Shell has said that Kaikias was a project that needed a new commercial model in order to unlock its potential. So I would simply point to those 2 projects, which are now full cycle and have been successfully delivered, as clear evidence of the ability of being able to unlock the potential of Subsea projects. Beyond that, I would rather not talk about the number that we think are possible because, if you will, that's our proprietary set of projects that we're working on, that we've been doing studies for over 3 years in some cases, that would be -- that we have the opportunity to convert those into integrated projects. And if you will, I would see that as the accelerator to our growth relative to our competition.

Mick, if I could add to Maryann's comment, because I appreciate your question. As I indicated, we've had a large award in each of the first 3 quarters for Onshore/Offshore, starting with the Bapco refinery, then the 2 fertilizer projects for HURL in India, and then most recently in this quarter, the award of the Long Son Petrochemical project. That really shows clear evidence that we are delivering against the $5 billion target that we put for our downstream opportunity, keeping in mind that we indicated that there'd be another award in the near term. In addition to that would be any opportunity for LNG. So we are very pleased with the progression of inbound in our Onshore/Offshore GBU, as we call it, our segment.

Yes, Mick, as you know, it's a combination of many things, and I think you touched actually on all those, and it includes seasonality and includes the timing of certain projects, certain milestones. And as we sit today and we look at what we can see, again, we don't control the timing of each and individual project and the completion and milestones that are achieved. But as we look at it today, that was the reason we maintained the margin guidance that we have in Subsea.

Thank you. Thank you, Kurt. I think if you look at it both from the operator side as well as from the service industry side, although there have been, obviously, an impact of this downturn, I think given new commercial models, like our integrated model, given the opportunity to have much earlier engagement, like we do with the integrated FEED studies, or if you will, vendor-based solutions as some people refer to it, I think what we have been able to demonstrate is we can deliver significant projects very successfully with the resources that in the industry. In terms of the physical assets, be it manufacturing capacity or be it fleet capacity, I think there is quite a bit of growth that the industry can continue to support. So I would -- in responding to your question, if you look at it through a very traditional lens and say we're going to continue to do projects the way we always have as an industry. Meaning, every award is bespoke, requirements change on every single award, we are always building a first article item, we are using a Subsea architecture that has never been used before, we have heavy engineering hours associated post-project with each and every project, then I would be concerned about the constraints. We have inverted that. We have changed the way that we're approaching the Subsea market. And we believe that with that change, we'll be able to have much more elasticity in terms of the ability to be able to grow the market with a reasonable number of resources versus what we have done in the past. And the lot of that means going from bespoke engineering to the approach that we have done with our Subsea 2.0 technology and the ability to be able to do projects like Trestakk, where we delivered it in a single-season for marine operations. When a project like that was historically been done over 2 seasons, we, because of the ability to be able to look at it as a single project and working in a collaborative way with our client, we were able to change the scheduling, to change and synchronize the manufacturing versus the fleet capacity and to be able to do it in a single season. Those are profound changes when you think about what we can do with the same amount of resources going forward. We believe that's the right way, and we believe that's the way that projects will be done in the future.

I certainly don't want to speak on behalf of our clients, I'll kind of let them answer what the oil price environment that they're comfortable with. What I can say is, in the discussions that I'm having with them, they recognize that what we have done is enable Subsea projects to move forward in that sub-$50 barrel range. And if you look at the projects that we've delivered and look at the comments that our clients have made around those projects, many of which they're saying we're valid at -- economic at sub-$40 and even sub-$30. So I don't think it's an issue of oil price unlocking the potential. We needed to change our behaviors in industry. We needed to get away from this take advantage in an upturn in terms of inflation and radical deflation in the downturn. We had to move away from bespoke engineering and think about doing things differently. And we needed to find a way to be able to utilize our resources in a much more efficient manner as we indicated -- as we were able to do on the Trestakk development. And by the way, I think that applies to IOCs, NOCs and independents, who are an increasing portion of our customer base as well.

Yes, I am confident we will.

Thank you for the question, because I think it is important that we clarify. I'll leave the client to discuss what their plans are. But our scope on a project like that would be simply to provide the interconnects from the third train to the fourth train, but the fourth train itself would have very little impact on us. I -- what the client has discussed before was using a much more local content on a fourth train. And as you indicated, it would be a smaller train. So the larger opportunity for us with Novatek would be on Arctic LNG 2, a project they're working very closely in the final stages of delivering the FEED study to Novatek. And we continue to work very closely with them to improve the overall project economics and hopefully build on the success of Yamal LNG.

Thank you, Bill. We, too, were pleased with the robustness in our Q3. But again, let's be very frank, we are being impacted as everyone else is by the lower level of activities both in the Permian Basin and beyond. We do have an advantage other than -- our business model is one that is not very asset-intensive, our Surface Technologies business. We have the ability to be able to move resources and to remove -- and to move our assets around from basin to basin, which does allow us to dampen some of that impact. But clearly, there, we will see, we saw some and we'll continue to see the impact of the slowdown in the activity in North America. Keep in mind, a large portion of that segment is not exposed to the North American market, our international business. And in our international business, we indicated that we were seeing the recovery in that market last quarter, and that has certainly continued in the trend that we would expect to continue into 2019. We look forward to securing additional awards very soon, very large awards, frame agreement type awards. And we also look forward to demonstrating the value of our new integrated offering by receiving awards with our integrated offering as well.