Thank you, Matt. Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings call.  
Total company revenue in the first quarter was $2.9 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $296 million. Inbound orders were very strong in Q1 with total company orders of $6.2 billion. This represents our highest level of quarterly inbound since the fourth quarter of 2014. And with book-to-bill above 2, we had sequential growth in total company backlog of 22%. 
Subsea orders of $2.7 billion, which resulted in a book-to-bill of 2.3x reflect the increasing trend towards integration with 4 new iEPCI projects awarded in the period. In addition to these integrated orders, we were awarded an equipment and installation contract for the second phase of Equinor's Johan Sverdrup project in the North Sea and Petrobras' Mero 1 project in Brazil. 
While this level of order success will be difficult to replicate for the full year, the timing of these recently announced awards supports our revenue outlook for the current year. 
In Surface Technologies, weaker-than-expected activity in North America significantly impacted our quarterly results and has led to a change in our business outlook. We no longer anticipate the recovery in North America completions activity we had originally forecasted back in December. We now expect completions to be down modestly versus the prior year. Outside of the Americas, our expectations remain unchanged for high single-digit to low double-digit activity growth. 
Following a near record year of inbound orders in 2018, Onshore/Offshore delivered another strong quarterly inbound of $3.1 billion. Orders were more than double the revenues booked in the quarter. We inbounded 3 major Onshore/Offshore projects in the quarter, demonstrating the breadth of our capabilities in downstream and gas monetization as well as our geographic reach. This includes a reimbursable contract with ExxonMobil for the Beaumont refinery expansion in the United States as well as large offshore gas FPSO award for BP's Greater Tortue project in West Africa.  First quarter inbound also included the MIDOR refinery project in Egypt that we announced late last year. 
In addition to these projects, we have engaged in a number of agreements and investments in Saudi Arabia to support the growth we anticipate in both our Onshore/Offshore and Surface Technology segments. With strategic collaboration and local content development, we can further improve our competitive position and expand the market opportunity for TechnipFMC. 
Moving to one of the largest market opportunities, the outlook for LNG remains strong for our company. The need for additional LNG infrastructure is well understood driven primarily by increasing demand for natural gas from Asia Pacific. With the next wave of LNG upon us, we will leverage our experience gained from our extensive list of reference projects, our incumbent positions in front end engineering design activities and our global client relationships. 
When assessing the future opportunity set, we are tracking more than 20 projects in the global LNG market and see potential for significant new capacity to be sanctioned over the next 18 to 24 months. Of these, we are prioritizing 5 projects that are most strategic to TechnipFMC and offer the highest probability of successful execution. These 5 projects are with 5 different customers across 5 different countries with a minimum of 7 potential project partners. TechnipFMC is among the small number of contractors that can deliver these critical liquefaction facilities across the globe. We are well positioned to participate in this next wave. 
Turning to Subsea. Our integrated FEED capability in pipeline is a key differentiator for us and has been instrumental in securing the majority of our iEPCI awards. We have been working on iFEED studies now for nearly 4 years and have developed an extensive diversified set of project opportunities. In 2018, we sold a number of new iFEED studies, nearly double from the prior year with continued growth in 2019. Many of these are proprietary providing an exclusive opportunity set to TechnipFMC. 
The portfolio of iFEED studies continues to mature and we anticipate further conversion of iFEED studies into iEPCI project awards. Taking a closer look at our portfolio of iEPCI projects, the strength and breadth of our customer -- of customer adoption has far exceeded our initial expectations. We have developed the largest and most diversified portfolio of integrated projects in the industry. In the first 4 months of 2019, we have secured 7 new iEPCI projects; 4 in the first quarter and 3 in the month of April, with additional awards anticipated very soon. We are proud to have further expanded our integrated portfolio with new projects from BP, Lundin, ENI and ConocoPhillips, all first-time iEPCI adopters. 
We are now forming new iEPCI alliances with the next generation of deepwater operators, including Lundin, Hurricane, Neptune and Energean, and we are working to secure additional agreements to further strengthen and differentiate our market position. These iEPCI alliances are incremental to our extensive list of more traditional alliance relationships, some of which date back more than 2 decades and set the foundation for much of the Subsea work we are executing today. 
Let's now consider how transformative the integrated model has been. We pioneered this commercial model and it is having a profound impact on our company and the broader Subsea landscape. It has clearly been disruptive and has challenged the industry to think and act differently. As the industry's only fully integrated service provider -- integrated provider of Subsea solutions, we are well positioned to capitalize on this trend towards greater project integration.  
In 2018, iEPCI represented approximately 25% of our Subsea orders. And in 2019, we are confident that iEPCI will exceed 25%, which would also indicate a higher absolute level of integrated projects given our expectations for further order growth. 
Another benefit of iEPCI projects is the ability to leverage our assets, most notably, our people, our manufacturing operations and our fleet. This will accelerate the recovery of our fleet utilization. In fact, the majority of iEPCI awards announced this year will have offshore campaigns beginning in 2020. 
Our innovative Subsea 2.0 platform brings further differentiation and continues to experience growing market acceptance. Since the beginning of 2018, 60% of our Subsea FEED studies have included Subsea 2.0 technology. We are tendering full Subsea 2.0 production systems and have already deployed Subsea 2.0 equipment. 
The outlook for the Subsea industry continues to improve. We are encouraged by the increased level of client engagement and project tendering. In the quarter, the majority of our awards came from a diversified mix of iEPCI projects as well as subsea services and alliance partner direct awards further highlighting our competitive differentiation. 
Our updated Subsea opportunity slide reflects the positive trend for the broader deepwater market with growing -- with growth in both the volume and value of Subsea projects. We are well positioned to capitalize on these market opportunities. 
Our company has returned to growth and our portfolio is well positioned to benefit from the continuing improvements we are experiencing in many of our key end markets. But in this cycle, we intend to do more than just position ourselves for a market recovery. As an industry, the oilfield services sector has displayed a similar pattern of behavior across many cycles: over-investing for a peak cycle scenario; deploying too much capital in undifferentiated assets; and often depressing shareholder returns creating little, if any, shareholder value. Our industry needs to prove to the investment community that it can invest in a disciplined manner, while offering the prospect of financial returns that exceed our cost of capital on a through-cycle basis. 
For TechnipFMC, capital discipline starts with the balance sheet. We will ensure that we have sufficient capital to grow the business either through investment, new business awards or strategic M&A. We will continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Our quarterly dividend currently yields over 2% and our strong balance sheet provides us with the flexibility for opportunistic share repurchase. And when these actions are combined with our strong operational execution, we can drive our capital returns higher over time. 
I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss the financial results in more detail.

Thank you, Rob, and thank you to all of you that are on the phone today. We know today is a particularly heavy day in terms of companies that are reporting. So thank you for your interest in our company. Rob, you bring -- you raise a very interesting point. One of the real benefits we have as an integrated company and the only integrated company is we have an opportunity to leverage the timing, the utilization of our fleet, which is the heaviest part, or, if you will, the most capital intensive part of our business. So in other words, the manufacturing cadence feeds the installation, and we can also do things that are quite unique, as in, let's say, doing -- installing a tubing hanger and later coming back and installing the tree or the tubing hanger around the tree and later coming back and installing the manifold. When we operate under an iEPCI project, we manage that schedule, we manage that scope, we manage that cadence and, therefore, we create much greater leverage than we had historically or that our peers do when they operate as independent companies or through an alliance. So this is a real benefit that we have already been -- that we have begun to experience in the projects that we've delivered, 3 of those full cycle to date. We see that benefit within the way that we operate. 
In addition to that, as we move more towards the deployment -- or further deployment of our new Subsea 2.0 technology, this technology, we have a much greater throughput through the same manufacturing capacity because of the way and the simplification and the way that the equipment was designed for manufacturability that allows us to really drive an improved performance to our facilities, so we do indeed anticipate increased leverage.

Thanks, Rob. So 2 things. One, when we do an iEPCI project and we use Subsea 2.0 technology, we're able to accelerate the time to first oil throughout the entire schedule. So if we can do that, we can bring the installation portion of the contract earlier than it would normally be done under a conventional contract. So that's one benefit and that's why on these iEPCI projects, we begin to see early inbound award in the first quarter. As was clearly stated, we had an absolutely spectacular first quarter. And we're saying, we'll see some of that, not all of that, but some of that installation activity begin to occur in 2020. Typically, that would not have occurred until 2021 on a conventional Subsea project. So that's the benefit of the iEPCI is that we can bring some of that forward. 
Indeed, when you get to 2021, you start to see -- from an industry point of view, you start to see the level of utilization of assets start to improve -- start to increase quite significantly. We have and we will continue to partner very well and work well with others as a way to ensure that we prioritize first and foremost our iEPCI activity, but then to ensure that we have access to the right capability to be able to ensure our continued success.

James, it's possible you could be muted.

Very well. Thank you, James.

Sure, James. Thank you for the question. So you're right. You see the NEOs in the commentary that we made. In our UK remuneration report, there's some additional detail, but let me provide some additional granularity for you. We take all of the top leaders of the company, so everybody that's basically operating a P&L statement down to the business unit level, so that's quite a few people, share the same objective as we share when it comes to driving returns and improving returns in the company. I think that's quite critical because if it's only the corporate team or the executive team, you begin to get a disconnect in the organization and it actually can create a bit of confusion and it doesn't allow you to achieve the optimum results. So we felt quite strongly when we created TechnipFMC that we would instill that culture and that behavior all the way through all those responsible for not only improving the returns and the turns on our assets, but also as they look at investment, ensuring that we're making the right decisions. So indeed, it is shared and it goes quite deep within our organization.

Yes, James. So -- and indeed, you summarized it quite accurately and I'm going to answer the -- if you will, the second part first. In terms of our strategy, clearly being able to work as we have through an early engagement, through an integrated FEED study with our clients and often on an exclusive basis where we have a shared objective on project returns. And when we meet that threshold, that the project is then direct awarded to our company is obviously a favorable position to be in. 
Now why is that important? In 2019, we have secured 100% of all iEPCI awards, 100%. Of those awards that we've received, approximately 90% have been direct awarded to our company; or said a different way, there was only 1 that was not a direct award. So clearly, James, that's the way -- that gives us a huge advantage as opposed to being exposed 100% to the competitive market. Those iEPCI awards are coming close to over 40 -- 40% to 50% of our total award value coming from iEPCIs thus far in the year. So it's quite a huge impact. 
Now as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we did have a couple of other announced -- we did have 2 announced awards that were not -- that were competitively tendered that were not iEPCI projects and then there's the unannounced awards, again, many of those being direct awarded by our alliance partners. But those other 2 awards, I mean, it is still quite competitive. Although looking forward, as was asked earlier by Rob, we all do the same planning for our assets, people and project managers as well as capital assets, manufacturing capability to ensure that we can deliver the most successful projects to our customers. And as you start to look forward you see where that is becoming, if you will, the utilization rates are improving or the under-absorption is decreasing depending upon how you look at it. 
So there is a behavioral shift that is occurring and we are glad to see that. We said we would be patient. We would not load up our capacity on those more competitive -- competitively priced tenders and we did just that. I'll be candid with you. It made 2018 a little lighter at times than what we were seeing from some of our peers, but we knew we had this proprietary opportunity set. We kept saying all we had to do was to convert that and you're seeing us do that. That's a timing issue because you have to get through the FEED study. The project has to be then sanctioned by the client before it's direct awarded as an iEPCI, but it was a huge advantage of us. And when we took that strategic direction, we stood firm and we're now seeing the benefit of it. So that will continue to be our strategy. There's going to be more iEPCI awards that we'll be announcing.

James, perhaps the mute?

Thanks, James. Let me start with the Surface question and because I think it is really important that we address this. Look, I take full responsibility. The results in the first quarter related to our Surface business were unacceptable. It was 3 distinct things that came together. One was the market, the lack of a market recovery. As you may recall, when we provided our guidance, we actually provided a graph that showed our expectations of the completions-related activity that we had built into our forecast and therefore, our planning related to the market. That has not occurred. And as a matter of fact, we do not expect that to occur now for the remainder of the year. So we're making the necessary adjustments as a result of that, but that was a very material impact. 
The second area that impacted us in the quarter was the behavior by our pressure pumping customers. As you have heard many of those already report so far this season and probably a consistent theme throughout has been the fact that they are either idling assets or removing assets from the fleet. It is true that, that affects the product mix, if you will, for us. We are a leading provider of the high-pressure consumables for the hydraulic fracturing industry and our clients are the pressure pumping customers. So as their behavior modified quite dramatically, just within a period of couple of months, that had a very significant impact on our business. One thing we know is that that's a cyclical business and that, that will -- that will be -- those assets will need to be replenished. That equipment is consumable. It needs to be inspected, maintained, repaired and replaced. And as the activity recovers, that business, which is a very strong business for us, will recover as well. 
And then finally, we had an issue with a new product. It was actually an upgrade to an existing product that we were introducing into the market. And we got ahead of ourselves and we allowed our cost to get ahead of ourselves on that market introduction. We're now addressing that, but that had an impact in the quarter, in the latter stages of the quarter that required us to be able to make some adjustments. 
So it was really those 3 things coming together, James, that really led to the results. We're making the adjustments that are required and we will -- and as we identified in our guidance, we will certainly see an improvement from where we are. If you back off those kind of one-off items, as I've indicated, particularly the ones around the product introduction, it had a significant impact in the quarter. So we'll get the margins back up, but we did have to lower the full year guidance and that was lowered as a result of the market activity.

Obviously, James, it's a function of the growth rate and it's something that we're monitoring and forecasting, but we are going to continue to be very prudent stewards in terms of the way that we address both CapEx and just overall, the way that we address our capital across the company. We are quite, again, pleased with this new business model. It gives us just an enormous amount of capability in terms of the timing, the utilization, the phasing of the utilization. It's a very different world we live in and we're liking it very much and we're learning from it. And the more we learn from it, the more we realize how much leverage that we have. That being said, we will always ensure that we have the highest level of assets available for our people to perform their activities in the most safe and efficient manner to create success for our clients.

Thanks, Sean. I appreciate the question. I want to just take us -- put it -- frame it a little bit. In the past 5 quarters, in that business, we have strategically targeted and inbounded over $10 billion of new opportunities, $10.5 billion to be exact. And if you take the BAPCO project and you actually take the full value of the BAPCO project, you're closer to $12 billion in 5 quarters. That was really important and we worked really, really hard and I'm really proud of the team. We stayed focused. We stayed strategic. We only focused on those projects that we had laid out, that we had shared with you and your colleagues quite a while ago, I guess, 2 years ago now. And we delivered on that, and actually, exceeded our original expectation. So that's what we're seeing. 
Sean, we now have the opportunity, the first big award of that $10.5 billion, excluding the fully consolidated BAPCO, which gets you closer to $12 billion was back in the -- even in the first quarter of last year. So we're seeing that now turn to revenue and we're seeing the projects that we secured throughout the quarters last year turn into revenue. And even our most recent major award that we announced, which was MIDOR, as you know, we started activity on that actually in the fourth quarter. So that's what you're seeing. You're seeing us strategically ensure that we were providing that continuity and that bridge, if you will, to the next wave of LNG. So all of that $10.5 billion-plus that I've referred to was ex LNG. That was all a function of downstream, particularly petrochemical refining as well as fertilizer. And we went after those projects. We got them. We were strategically positioned, most being direct awards or projects where we had done the FEED study and had a significant advantage in terms of derisking the project and that's what we are out there executing today. 
In the meantime, our commercial team is active looking at other opportunities. I remind you, in the prepared remarks, we talked about the ExxonMobil BLADE project in the U.S., a fully reimbursable downstream project and they're also out there looking to grow our next opportunities in LNG. We're not -- we're going to be -- remain very focused. We're going to target those projects that we believe we can be most successful on, and we think we have a really high-quality list of projects that we're working and maturing as we speak.

Kurt, thank you. I agree with everything you said and trying to be not overly dramatic, but I believe we shattered the glass ceiling this quarter and this was the quarter that we were really waiting for to demonstrate that to you and to your colleagues. 
It does take some time, but success breeds success. And what we were able to do on the first 3 fully integrated projects that were delivered full cycle and the feedback from our clients to the community, to their shareholders and to the broader industry, has really created a significant amount of momentum. 
Likewise, we had to mature some of these FEED studies that we've been working on and that's why you just can't replicate it overnight. It's not just about forming a relationship. You have to be working on -- these things take quite a period of time to actually do the work, but we had to move from the theoretical. And it is true, Kurt, we were living in a theoretical world for quite some time, where we were demonstrating on paper, through FEED studies or other vehicles, that there should be and could be and would be value in the project delivery. But now that we have moved past that and actually have the actual case studies and have been able to show that and have 2 of our clients are calling their first projects that were done with this model, their most successful Subsea projects done to date, builds a tremendous amount of credibility. They'd come back as repeat clients. Just this quarter, we announced 4 new clients. We are moving clients from existing traditional alliance relationships, which is another word of saying they were really around the Subsea equipment as many people know to now making them and converting them to full iEPCI alliances and with many of the next generation of Subsea clients coming in, they're going directly into iEPCI alliances and that's something that I think is really important. 
I talked about it on my prepared remarks, but we now have Lundin, Hurricane, Energean and Neptune, just in a quarter's time and there is going to be more of those iEPCI alliances that we're going to be announcing going forward. That makes a big difference and this gives us a tremendous amount of momentum, Kurt. We think it's important and it's not just important for the success of our company. It's important for the success of our industry and we're proud when we see other people follow this direction because it's what's going to make Subsea a sustainable investment for our clients going forward.

Sure, Kurt, and indeed, it has. Some of the projects that we've announced, we often get the phone call from other people in the industry or from people in the investment community saying, we hadn't had that one on our tracking list, where did that one come from? Well, it often came from a bucket of projects that our clients have that they had a strategic interest in moving forward, but they didn't have an economic -- a viable economic model in which to move it forward. And when you put the combination of Subsea 2.0 technology and our iEPCI-integrated offering together, we can help unlock that potential. So it makes a big difference and it creates both momentum in the order rate and it also creates, if you will, some additional opportunities that would not have been there otherwise. 
So again, it's a tremendous amount of hard work being done by many, many dedicated women and men that's creating these opportunities. It's early engagement. It's intimate relationships. We're building on a really solid foundation as we move this forward.

Okay, Mark, and I'm glad we were able to answer the first part of your CapEx question. The second part, look, within that $350 million capital budget, there are certain upgrades that we'll be doing to the fleet. Again, I repeat what I said earlier. We're always going to ensure that our dedicated women and men have the best assets in the industry in which to work with and work from and to deliver our projects. Our requirement for additional CapEx beyond the CapEx to maintain and enhance and improve and upgrade the fleet, again, will be a function of our opportunity list as we look forward and our preferred path to be able to work very closely and work well with the rest of the industry. 
This goes a little bit back to my comment, I made, at the end of my prepared remarks. The industry needs to start thinking and acting differently. And if we all build CapEx or capacity or be it the vessel fleet or manufacturing capacity or anything else, are all based on individually peak capacity of the peak cycle of the market, we know what will happen. We'll destroy returns once again through another cycle. 
We're going to step forward and we're going to act differently and that's what we are demonstrating in our behavior. And we think it's the right thing to do and we trust that it will be recognized and will be rewarded accordingly. We partner really, really well with people, both with our clients, with other providers as well as with our suppliers. That's the type of company we are and we believe that's a way to create leverage and create success. 
I have not named -- to your second question, I have not named the 5 strategic LNG projects. We do obviously have strategic projects in downstream that we're also pursuing. But what I've said is that of the 20 that we are actively engaged in on LNG prospects, 5 of those, we have considered to be strategic. I have not named those 5 and would prefer not to, but let me tell you this, those 5, they're pretty well known because either we're the incumbent and it's a direct negotiation or we're doing the FEED study today. Only in 1 case are we not the incumbent or doing the FEED study and we're working with a very good set of others partners to be able to pursue that project and it's a very keen project for us. We'll see how it plays out. Obviously, we're looking at the other 15 as well, 15-plus, but we have 5 that we are prioritizing and that we have made strategic, we have put on our strategic list, and we hope to see and expect to see some of those projects begin to move forward.

Thank you, Bertrand. Let's start with the LNG question. So I have not given the total value for the 5 projects. I did that when we were targeting some LNG -- or some downstream projects, but with LNG projects, as you know, it depends which scope we provide as a company versus the total scope. And that's one of the ways, to your second question, that we manage our capacity. So in certain cases, we may be the lead, in other cases, we may be -- we may not be the lead on a project. We may do the trains. We may do the utilities and infrastructure. It just depends how we actually manage our resources to be able to ensure that our contribution to the project and the overall project will be a success. 
In general, though, you're talking about -- it depends on the number of trains, but you're looking in the range of $3 billion to $10 billion per project. Some of them are smaller. As you know, one of the projects that's being contemplated right now is an expansion project to add a single train and others are greenfield projects to add to -- that would start off with 2 or 3 trains. So it really just depends on those projects. And again, the way we manage our capacity is to manage the scope. 
We have demonstrated historically, the ability to be able to cover, and not only just cover, but successfully deliver 2 to 3 LNG projects simultaneously. I remind you that's what we're delivering now is 3 simultaneous LNG projects that we're currently engaged in as we speak. So I think that's a good rule of thumb. I would agree and we have no intention of stretching our resources in order to try to cover more than we feel we are capable of doing. That is probably one of the biggest mistakes that companies make and that the industry has made in the past and we will not allow us to do that. The leadership of the GBU has been steadfast and focused on ensuring around selectivity that we have the right projects and the right resources, which starts with the right project manager and the right project director office to ensure that we can deliver the most successful projects. So we'll continue to do that and we'll make sure that we don't overextend ourselves. Always better to have more opportunities and not less opportunities and, therefore, one can be more selective. 
Moving on to your Subsea question, the short answer is yes. It's not a slam dunk. Certain things need to work in our favor and the timing needs to be sequenced, but as we look forward, we could see getting back to 65% utilization of our fleet in 2020.