Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings call. 
I would like to start off by addressing the war in Ukraine. What the world has witnessed has been truly heartbreaking. 
I am extremely proud of the compassion our teams worldwide are showing through their support for refugees. I want to personally recognize our employees in Poland, many of whom have been giving direct support to Ukrainian families by opening up their hearts and homes and providing much-needed shelter and care. As a company, we continue to support their efforts through our global humanitarian fund, providing practical and financial health where it is needed most. The invasion has prompted energy security to become a global priority. We remain committed to helping our clients address the essential needs for hydrocarbons today to ensure the continuity of affordable energy prices while also playing an essential role in the longer-term energy transition. 
Now turning to the quarterly results. Total company revenue in the period was $1.6 billion. Total company adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $154 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.9%. Total company inbound orders in the quarter were $2.2 billion, driving sequential growth in backlog to $8.9 billion. Surface Technologies inbound orders were $291 million, with a book-to-bill above 1, driven by strength in the U.S. market. North America sales and profitability grew sequentially, driven by increased drilling and completion activity and an improved pricing environment. Outside of North America, we are investing in new manufacturing capacity to support the strong Middle East outlook. As previously highlighted, we are transitioning to a new facility in Saudi Arabia, which was expected to be a headwind to our financial results in the period. The qualification of the facility is extensive, and the process has taken us more time than previously anticipated. We are now undergoing final production testing and expect final certification of the facility by the end of the second quarter, at which time we anticipate an acceleration of orders in country. 
We remain confident in meeting our full year expectations, as we have secured plans to accelerate recognition of these orders. Alf will cover the near-term financial impacts during his prepared remarks prepared. 
Our results in the period also reflected our ability to effectively navigate the ongoing challenges facing the global supply chain. Inflationary pricing and logistical bottlenecks have resulted from a number of factors: the energy transition, the global pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have all played a role, disrupting access to key commodities and supply routes at a time when the global economy has quickly transitioned from a period of contraction to one of accelerating growth. 
While we are not immune to all of the market dislocations, we have taken many strategic actions over the last several years that have mitigated the near-term effects. We are utilizing lessons learned from previous growth cycles to drive simplification, standardization and industrialization throughout the organization. We have increased supplier diversification to reduce dependencies on sole-source supply while adding supply chain capacity to ensure proper balance with internal manufacturing capacity. And we are developing stronger relationships with our supply chain. Much like the alliance partnerships and frame agreements we have developed over the years with our customers, we are working more closely with our supply chain partners to better integrate them into our planning processes. Strengthening these long-standing relationships will keep us well positioned in times of market volatility. 
Our Subsea 2.0 product platform is our most prominent example of industrialization, allowing for the successful implementation of a configure-to-order or CTO model. CTO has enabled us to create a value stream that delivers a more competitive offering to the market when compared to an equivalent engineered-to-order product, resulting in a 25% reduction in cost and a 50% reduction in product delivery time, savings that are both real and sustainable. And we have paved the way for other products to adopt a similar operating model, enabling an enterprise-wide approach. This resulted in 3 CTO principles that serve as the fundamental basis of how we operate in this environment. First, we are eliminating design engineering. Second, we have redefined our sourcing strategy by utilizing preapproved suppliers and standard configurations. And third, we are transforming manufacturing flow by leveraging configurable assemblies. 
With CTO, the greater predictability of product manufacturing and high volumes of pre-engineered components has allowed us to completely redefine the supply chain, removing significant inventory from our balance sheet and cutting up to 8 months of lead time. Ultimately, our success is determined by our execution, our client relationships and our contractual arrangements. Project execution remains a core competency and oftentimes a point of competitive differentiation, but it is also dependent upon the partnerships we establish with both our customers and our suppliers. We are seeing strong support from our customers to ensure we can address their needs both today and throughout this evolving period of increased activity, an example of which is a new framework agreement with TotalEnergies that will utilize Subsea 2.0 to address their future technology needs. And we are seeing improvements in contractual arrangements that more appropriately balance the terms and conditions needed to support this growth, be it through more favorable payment terms or supplier investment and risk-sharing.
In Subsea, we had a very strong start to the year with inbound orders of $1.9 billion and a book-to-bill of 1.5. This included 2 announced awards in the period: Petrobras' Buzios 6 greenfield development and Wintershall's Maria revitalization iEPCI project. This is our first iEPCI with Wintershall DEA, an award built on our ability to leverage our iFEED model. Through early engagement, we optimized the field layout to maximize the benefits of integrated project execution. Our involvement helped reduce the project's carbon footprint by modifying existing infrastructure, eliminating the need for an additional 4,000 meters of pipe. What stands out most in the quarter is the breadth of the inbound, nearly 40% of which came from smaller unannounced project awards, much of which was direct awarded to our company. This is a very diverse source of inbound. These smaller awards in the quarter included projects for more than 30 operators, sourced from all major basins across the globe.
Beyond project activity, Subsea services remained resilient in the quarter despite the impact of weather-related seasonality. Activity trends remained favorable and consistent with our view that Subsea services revenue will grow to approximately $1.2 billion this year.
With energy security now a clear global priority, both operators and suppliers are working more collaboratively in the current environment. Our conversations with clients today are focused on balancing the need for new and different sources of supply with the challenges of more scarce resources, be it commodity inputs, skilled labor, supply chain logistics or physical capacity requirements. This increased and constructive dialogue supports our view that we are in the midst of a multiyear up-cycle for oil and gas. 
Our Subsea opportunity list continues to highlight a very robust market outlook, representing an opportunity set of larger projects that totals more than $20 billion for the industry, led by Brazil, Guyana and West Africa. Looking ahead, we expect increased activity in other regions of the world in order to meet the growing global demand for feed gas used in LNG facilities, the majority of which is supplied by subsea wells. We expect these volumes to be supplied by increased activity in major basins from Africa to Asia Pacific. We have a strong track record with large gas developments and are well positioned as an agnostic provider of integrated subsea projects. The expanding LNG market gives us an even greater confidence in the intermediate-term outlook.
We continue to anticipate Subsea inbound order growth of up to 30% in 2022, with iEPCI direct awards and Subsea services together approaching 75% of our inbound orders.
I will now turn the call over to Alf to discuss our financial results.

Thank you, Alf.
Before moving to Q&A, I would like to reiterate a few key points. First, we are in the midst of a multiyear up cycle for oil and gas investment. In Subsea, we are experiencing improvements in pricing and contractual arrangements that more appropriately balance the terms and conditions needed to support this growth. In Surface Technologies, we will continue to prioritize technology, integration and cash generation over growth due to the structural changes in this evolving market. And we are confident in a recovery in surface international orders in the back half of the year. Second, the separation of Technip Energies is now fully complete, with the final sale of our remaining ownership stake just 14 months from the date of the partial spin. And lastly, our $1.2 billion cash position and our confidence in generating strong free cash flow in the second half of the year are allowing us to take aggressive steps to further reduce our gross debt, another important milestone on our path to shareholder distributions.
Operator, you may now open the line for questions.

Thanks, Ian. Interesting question. Let me start by agreeing with you that the breadth of clients, both geographically and just the sheer number, was a very strong indication of the offshore outlook going forward. And we still had contributions from all the big IOCs and from the NOCs, but what we saw was just an ever-expanding group of smaller -- or independent operators. And they're attracted -- they're attracted to the iEPCI model because it allows them to move projects forward in a very short order, improving the overall project economics significantly, with a company that has a proven track record in delivering these iEPCI projects that we pioneered back in 2017. So in that response, you could gather that there's a real value recognition by those clients in that -- in the offering and the uniqueness of our position within the marketplace. That being said, the pricing is not solely dependent on any one of those groups. It is more general across the board, but we are really, really excited about this ever-emerging client base offshore. And our ability to capture that is actually quite remarkable.

Yes.

Okay, thank you, Arun. Let me take this opportunity to kind of break down the pricing environment for us between our businesses and globally, if you don't mind. In doing so, I'll be able to answer your question. So let's start: 2 businesses, Surface and Subsea. So let's start with Surface; 2 very different markets that we serve, the North America market and the international market. In the North American market, it's almost like a tennis match at this point. It's a constant volley. Pricing goes up. Inflation goes up. Pricing must go up again to maintain that pricing, it's that active. When you go into the international market, there tends to be longer-term contracts, frame agreements. And in this scenario, we are actively looking -- those contracts have pricing mechanism in them, but we are also looking to supplement that with incremental pricing given the current market conditions. Those are ongoing, and we would expect to see the impact of those more in the second half of the year. 
Moving to Subsea. There's really 2 different approaches that are unique to our company, and let me explain those as the 75 and the 25. So the 75 is the percentage of our market that is direct awarded. This is through our unique iEPCI offering, our alliance partners and our services. Here our clients are truly looking for value creation and are very comfortable and acknowledge the value that we contribute. And they want to make sure that we are economically rewarded. So it is an ongoing discussion and a very comfortable and collaborative environment in which for us to continue to ensure that we are capturing an economic value that is appropriate in what we create as well as in the environment in which we exist. The 25% is the open competitive market, 3 bids and a buy, if you will. I hear the returns are improving but still not adequate. We are addressing this with, I would say, an aggressive pricing position as well as the terms and conditions that I've alluded to throughout my prepared remarks. So when we think about how -- what does that mean for us, knowing that we have the 75% allows us to be very selective in the 25% and allows us to help industry in general but certainly ourselves by driving the appropriate terms and conditions given the current market environment. And that can be an enhancement of the traditional indexes that are -- that exist in the contracts today, but it also has to now be able to address supply scarcity. In some cases, there's supply rationing going on. We need to make sure that we're protected by that in our contracts. Or what I would call extraordinary inflation when you have disruptions of the supply chain, like for instance what happened to nickel in this last quarter. So we're enhancing those features within the terms and conditions of our contracts, but it also allows us to simply no bid contracts. So we have been no bidding billions of dollars of contracts, and still recording a $1.9 billion inbound of high-quality inbound. And just one last comment on the $1.9 billion of high-quality inbound: That is absolutely accretive to the margins backlog, but it isn't just the beginning. We started -- and the inflection actually occurred 4 quarters ago. And I called that at the time, that our margin in backlogs had inflected, and they did inflect over the past year. What we saw this quarter was a greater amplitude of that inflection in a positive direction.

Sure, Guillaume. Indeed, it is good afternoon, sitting here in our manufacturing where we make umbilicals, and that is actually a quite beautiful day here in Newcastle.  In terms of the IOCs' behavior, I don't really want to comment on their behavior, other than to say we've seen -- we have maintained activity both in terms of front-end studies, both in terms of ongoing projects, both in terms of looking at greenfield opportunities and brownfield, tiebacks to their existing infrastructure, most of which is producing below-nameplate capacity. And therefore, can be -- the economics are very attractive to be able to do tie-ins and tiebacks. And they're very excited about our all-electric offering and the attributes that it brings and our iEPCI offering because of the ability to be able to deliver 9 to 12 months prior -- or earlier than you would if you split the packages and approached it in a more traditional or more conventional business contract. So it -- not necessarily a reaction over the last couple of weeks, just an ongoing very constructive dialogue and very attractive outlook with our IOC clients who we cherish very much.

Sure, Chase. Good morning to you and welcome to the call, we are excited to have you on the call.  Appreciate your interest and dialing in.  In terms of the existing -- well, let me back up. What I was explaining to the response to the earlier question, which is -- given this new world order in terms of the supply chain and some of the very unique situations that have occurred of recent, what are some of the extraordinary actions that we're taking to ensure that those contracts sufficiently address those scenarios if they should reoccur? And that's what I was -- that's what my answer was focused on. In terms of the existing contracts, I just want to be very clear. We have had a very disciplined approach in our contractual arrangements, where we first and foremost, at the time that we actually inbound the order, we typically have 80 to 90-plus percent of the cost committed. So we have back-to-back with our suppliers to ensure that those costs are locked in, if you will. We also with our clients have escalation clauses typically tied to indices that protect us in terms of an inflationary environment. So those exist today. I think you can see in the performance that we've had over the last 2.5 years now -- which is hard to believe that the period that we've been through -- have been very resilient. And I think it has been widely accepted that our ability to be able to manage the inflationary environment has been, I think, I'm proud of the team, and I think actually quite remarkable. But let me talk about a couple of things that are unique to our company because what I've described there, I believe, would apply to the majority of the industry. Maybe why the last couple of years have worked out better for us is this path that we started on many years ago, which was to develop a product platform that would allow us to change and fundamentally change the way that we operate the company. And that's Subsea 2.0, which led to this configure-to-order operating model. Chase, in the past, every product was unique. Every project was bespoke. There was no consistency. And therefore, we were going out to the supply chain on each and every project and asking for something that was just a little bit different than the project before, so imagine the lack of ability -- or the strain that it put on the supply chain, let me put it that way. With this new Subsea 2.0 product platform and our configure-to-order model, we have a standard configurable design. We can take those configurable subcomponents and we can align with what we now call our CTO supply chain partners where they have volume assurance. And they can -- not only do they have the ability to be able to properly plan their business, but we then ask them to ensure that we have a consistency of supply. So if you will, they stock the raw material or those configurable subcomponents on consignment. And then we are able to draw from that as we bring in these iEPCI 2.0 awards. And that's something that is really unique to our company. It was, one, the technology development, but it was, two, you also have to have the volume and the scale. You can't do it if you don't have a significant market position, which we have secured, again, through the iEPCI, our alliance partners, which lead to these direct awards, give us this early view and early engagement and, like this quarter, allows us to book $1.9 billion of inbound where we only had 2 announced awards.
And I just want to clarify. I want to make sure there's no lack of -- or that we clarify. The Yellowtail project in Guyana with ExxonMobil that we are very excited to have been awarded was not booked in Q1. It is in the final preparation for us to inbound. And that will -- we will be inbounding that imminently, most likely in these quarters, in Q2, not in Q1. So it kind of -- it all has to work together, Chase. I don't know how else to describe it, but it would be really, really difficult. And I think it is very, very difficult for others who haven't made this transformation, this internal transformation which then also applies to the supply chain.

Thank you. A very intriguing question. So let me start by saying you have to go through the -- you have to develop the technology, go for the transformation to be able to have the ability to be able to realize the benefit. Then it really becomes a factor of 2 things. One is gross volume. And two is, let's call it, net volume or the volume associated with the most levered industrialized product platform that we have, which today is Subsea 2.0. And we started with trees and we moved to controls and we're moving to umbilicals. And so it will eventually grow across the whole platform. So it's an ever-evolving opportunity set for us. And I think that's important that -- we expect Subsea 2.0 to represent 50% of our inbound over the next couple of years, so that's important -- well, let me back up. Let's start with the gross inbound. So we've obviously seen the growth in the gross inbound since 2019. And we obviously delivered a strong inbound last year of $5 billion. We indicated $6.5 billion this year. We booked $1.9 billion in the first quarter. We had a book-to-bill of 1.5, something we haven't experienced since Q1, Q2 of 2019, so for the past 3 years. So the gross is stacking up very nicely. Then there's the net, where there's the portion of that, that really benefits mostly from the CTO model, so we're saying 50% of Subsea 2.0 over the next 2 years. Beyond that, we will continue to expand the Subsea 2.0 product platform across our entire product offering, so you'll continue to build upon that. And that is this never-ending drive towards industrialization, so we have a very specific focus on this in the company in everything that we do. And we're seeing some real benefits today, but we'll see a cumulative and compounding benefit as we continue to move forward.

I don't necessarily agree with you, but I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment. I think I'll leave that up to the customer and when we announce our awards.

We -- at this point, from what we can -- our view of the second quarter will absolutely support a 30% improvement in our inbound orders. So again, Q1 clearly does, Q1 times 4. I'm not suggesting anything by saying that. I'm just saying it clearly supports that. We expect Q2 to be above a 1.0 book-to-bill again. And when we look at the second half, we look at the second half in total to be above a 1.0 book-to-bill, so we remain very confident in our inbound outlook.

Jean-Luc, thank you for the question. In the Q1 inbound, there was no carbon capture inbound recognized in that number that we provided. That was a pure Subsea number. The projects with Talos are advancing well. The opportunity set is actually expanding. And we are well into the FEED study on several projects. And the level of collaboration and market impact that our relationship with Talos is having -- we're just really, really glad to be partnered with Talos and are looking forward to announcing awards in the future.