Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on the call. Today, we will be discussing AmerisourceBergen's strong performance in fiscal 2020 and our expectations for fiscal 2021. Importantly, we would like to start by, first of all, acknowledging the exceptional efforts of our associates to support our customers and help them navigate the challenges stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic.
In fiscal 2020, we once again delivered strong performance due in large part to our continued ability to innovate and execute, an inherent resilience of our business. Driven by our purpose and guiding principles, our associates stepped up whenever we're challenged to address the unprecedented circumstances facing our industry. Thanks to them, we've been able to meet stakeholder needs while enabling the continuity and stability of the supply chain and demonstrating the vital nature of our role in a health system as an invisible pillar for pharmaceutical innovation and access.
When the COVID-19 pandemic first emerged, we put the health, safety and well being of our associates and customers first. We implemented enhanced, clean protocols and supported associates by providing additional pay power for associates who needed quarantine or care for family members, bonuses for frontline associates and back up dependent case. We also shifted all suitable roles for remote work. Feedback from our associates on these measures have been overwhelmingly positive.
More than 90% of our associates surveyed say communication, collaboration and creativity and innovation have remained the same or better. We also understood and appreciated our opportunity to deliver on our purpose and be part of the solution, given our central role in the supply chain. In addition to our normal supplier portion and process, our teams have ensured that critical medications are allocated on a propriety basis to facilitate patient access.
On the pharmaceutical distribution side, our ability to provide real-time data and analytics has helped facilitate actionable channel solutions and awareness for commercial and government stakeholders. At World Courier, our team has been helping manufacture partners navigate the complexity of moving materials across the globe with limited global air traffic while also enabling innovation with clinical trials in at-home settings.
We believe the strength of AmerisourceBergen's diverse portfolio, combined with our dynamic operating agility, have demonstrated our businesses resilience and our longstanding commitment to robust business continuity plan and investments. Our stakeholders now have an even greater appreciation for our vital role in the supply chain and in the health care system overall. I am especially proud of the inspiration and diligent efforts of our associates. We have supported our customers with increased collaboration and innovative solutions, ensuring that they're able to meet patient needs, even if they're adapted to the new environment.
I would now like to comment on some of the recent developments regarding the potential global framework for opioid litigation resolution. We have made significant progress in the fourth quarter towards reaching a potential settlement to resolve our opioid lawsuits. As a result, the company determined it was appropriate to accrue for this potential settlement based on a framework that we think is workable for all the related parties. Advanced discussions are ongoing, and we are not able to comment easily on the matter at this time.
We take comfort from our belief that settlement fines will be used in support of initiatives to combat the opioid epidemic, including treatment, rehabilitation, mental health and other important efforts. As you all know, we have been consistent in stating our desire to be a part of the solution to address the enormity of the opioid challenge. We always have and will continue to take our role of supply chain seriously and continue to work diligently and alongside our industry partners and government and state agencies to combat drug diversion. We will also continue to support real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities we serve, work and core power them.
Just to reiterate, we believe that this is an important step towards resolution, which would allow our business and our people to focus on performing our vital role in the health care system, which has been clearly on display during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Looking ahead, AmerisourceBergen enters fiscal 2021 with strong momentum as our key differentiators continue to provide a platform for value creation for all our stakeholders. First, we have the best customer base in the industry, with a balanced portfolio of key end customers across all the segments in which we operate. With our diverse and extensive customer base, AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to support patient access wherever a prescription is needed.
Today, I would like to highlight our Good Neighbor Pharmacy network of independent pharmacies. In September, we held our first Virtual ThoughtSpot. Our annual Good Neighbor Pharmacy Conference and Trade Show. Throughout ThoughtSpot, I was implied by the unwavering commitment that our GMP pharmacies had maintained with their patients and communities. They've gone above and beyond with the entrepreneurial spirit and adapted to the pandemic environment with innovations, such as leveraging social media, to engage with their patients, making and distributing hand sanitizers to all supply base and adapting to enable drive-through prescriptions. We shared this purpose-driven mindset of our GMP pharmacies and will continue to support all of our customers by understanding their needs, delivering a seamless experience and deepening our relationship with them.
Second, we continue to involve our AmerisourceBergen's unparalleled leading specialty franchise. Enhanced by the value-added services we provide, our specialty physician services business has the strongest portfolio of service and customer relationships in the industry. Our position in the market enables us to capitalize on emerging trends, such as the rise of biosimilars, where we saw better-than-expected adoption and growth this year and which has become a meaningful and growing part of our business.
A recent IQVIA report focused on biosimilars highlighted the strong utilization trends, expect an overall growth for biosimilars and a corresponding savings that they will create for the health care system. The growth of biosimilars is a long-term driver for AmerisourceBergen as we are able to provide valuable commercialization services upstream to manufacturers and support access downstream to community-based providers.
Specialty has been an important driver of AmerisourceBergen's growth over the last few years. And in fiscal 2021, we are focused on furthering our value proposition and supporting our specialty physician customer base by continuing to invest in technology, innovation and data and analytics solutions.
Our ability to continuously innovate is our third differentiator. We embrace advanced technologies to enable real-time communication and transparency for our partners. Our sourcing and distribution teams integrate their commercial expertise with our data and analytics capabilities to provide actionable channel insights to our provider and manufacture partners and government stakeholders. During this week, AmerisourceBergen was selected by the Department of Health and Human Services to store, manage and distribute pharmaceuticals for the Strategic National Stockpile. We take great pride in being chosen to support the government in their planned pharmaceutical stockpile activity.
AmerisourceBergen is a trusted data provider in the pharmaceutical supply chain, with stakeholders across the health system used to enable data-driven solutions to new and existing challenges. We also continue to solidify our partnerships to become even more efficient and to serve our customers with greater speed, efficiency and data capabilities. Having an innovative mindset means that not only do we seek creative ways to solve problems, but also that we are decisive and nimble to apply our capabilities.
During the pandemic, for example, we quickly launched telehealth tools, face-to-face virtual platforms and other technology solutions helping providers across our customer spectrum from specialty position services to MWI Animal Health adapt to the new environment. AmerisourceBergen remains solutions-oriented and committed to providing value-added innovations and services so that our customers can take advantage of the opportunities available in this rapidly evolving market.
Finally, turning to our fourth differentiator. We have a history of successful corporate stewardship. On the financial side, we have maintained our thoughtful and strategic approach to capital deployment with a focus on value creation and maintaining financial strength. This fiscal year, we invested $370 million in the business through capital expenditures, while at the same time returning more than $760 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
On the key community side, we are guided by our purpose. We engaged our associates to operate in a sustainable and responsible manner and support healthy and resilient communities where we live and work. We are making positive improvements for the environment and in our communities. In the last year, we have reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than 5%.
Earlier, I mentioned the associate satisfaction with our COVID response. We have also seen a marked improvement in engagement on topics of personal importance, such as diversity and inclusion. Membership in our Employee Resource Groups, for example, has increased by more than 40% year-over-year. In addition, inspired by our recent conversations with our associates around social injustice and racial inequity, we have exciting plans for more diversity and inclusion initiatives in the coming year. Just this week, we appointed a new Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and we look forward to working with him to continue our progress and focus in this important area. There's value generated by the power of difference. And we believe that fostering an environment that embraces diversity, inclusion and addressing unconscious bias advances our purpose and our culture making us an even better AmerisourceBergen.
As we enter fiscal 2021, the evolving health care landscape continues to offer opportunities for AmerisourceBergen to leverage our strengths and capitalize on our unique position in the market. We are focused on several key adjacencies supporting growth across the enterprise by enhancing our market-leading specialty portfolio of innovative customer-centric services and solutions and deepening our strong strategic partnerships; furthering our execution excellence by reinforcing our ability to deliver best-in-class service and efficiency; three, continuing to strengthen our associates' experience with a conservative effort to advance our talent and culture; and fourth, evolving our technology and communications to further the interoperability of our businesses and to become an even more unified AmerisourceBergen.
Most of all, we remain purpose-driven and well positioned to create significant stakeholder value. Our businesses and teams rose to the challenges of the year and went above and beyond to deliver support and results for our customers and their patients. Thank you to our associates for their dedication, inspirational efforts and execution and for remaining united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results and to provide fiscal 2021 guidance. Jim?

Thank you, Jim. Before we open the call up for questions, I would like to share my reflections on a year that has made a lasting impact on our lives. 2020 has been a year of uncertainty and challenge for communities across the globe. During this time, AmerisourceBergen has put the needs of our associates, our customers and our communities first, from planning safe ways to work to ensuring the delivery of live-saving medication and to enabling our profits to bring relief to communities from California to Nevada.
Through our purpose, scale and expertise, we have ensured that our partners have had the connectivity, capability and data needed to think, plan and act effectively. As we work to ensure that patient needs were met across our footprint, we recognized that we were only able to do so because of the resilience of our business, which has been reinforced by our focus on pharmaceuticals, our diverse portfolio of customers and businesses, our differentiated customer experience and our leadership in specialty.
As I've said for the last few months, I've never been prouder to be a part of AmerisourceBergen. I've been humbled by the conviction, dedication, inspirational efforts and professional execution carried out by our associates. Their teamwork and passion have truly enabled us to deliver on our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. I remain incredibly proud of the work that our associates are undertaking across all areas of our business.
This concludes our prepared remarks for today. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin the Q&A session. Operator?

Operator, our first question, please?

Well, thanks for the question. Yes, we've seen encouraging usage of biosimilars and the biosimilars market has continued to -- we expect to materially increase by 2025. Most importantly, we see -- potentially increased molecule demand by 2% to 4%, indicating increased patient accessibility as supportive care and other products become more affordable and especially with some of the copay and equity that we try to highlight elsewhere. So of course, for ABC, these products are the most impactful. But I think biosimilars are a key trend for us. They're important for our customers. They're important for the patients that we all ultimately serve. And the pricing is remaining intact to the commercialization business that we are so in favor of performing for, for ABC are able to still being played access and adherent solution. So very positive trend for ABC, we believe.
Next question, please? Sorry, Bob, please go ahead, Bob.

Yes. No. So there's nothing specific in our guidance. We can confirm that we've been selected to store, manage and distribute Strategic National Stockpile pharmaceuticals. And I think this is a further testament to that value that ABC provides, our deep promotional expertise. And I think one of the areas that we've really been focusing on is our data and analytics capabilities. And we've talked a lot, in my script, in particular, about innovative solutions that enables to provide -- that provide unique solutions to government and commercial partners.
So we believe that during this period, we've become the invisible pillar of innovation. And this is a further example. I think many, many more stakeholders are aware of the capabilities of an AmerisourceBergen than they were before. So I think this is extremely good evidence of it. So we're proud to receive this award.

Next question please, operator?

And Lisa, one final point, community oncology practices, particularly we believe members of our ION GPO that have really shown an ability to partner with key manufacturers have been early adopters in embracing biosimilars. And if you look at the data on our larger practices adoption versus providers on a national level, it's favorable. So we believe that's further evidence of us being able to promote new and effective therapies.

Yes, just -- thanks, Jim. I just would add that for strategic, accretive M&A, it's important that the targets must be actionable with appropriate returns. Jim and Laza, our controller, work very closely with our finance committee of our Board, and we evaluate all opportunities. But I'd say that overall, we didn't do any M&A this year, but AmerisourceBergen continues to benefit from our strategy being pharmaceutical centric, particularly our strength in specialty. And we're always looking to pull on our key strengths. So our commercialization services, animal health, those are areas -- patient access, analytics and data to the extent that they are in the special area, those are all key areas for us, Ricky.

Yes. Glen. Again, I think I will answer -- Jim and I answered the last question pretty thoroughly. We were always contemplated. And our first priority is, of course, always internal investments, and we did about $360 million, $370 million this year. And we have always robust requirements from the business, which also gets well scrutinized. But essentially, they been some of our best returns and the area of interoperability, et cetera, those are very important for us. But as we look at different liquidity options, as we look at the cash holding and the free cash flow, we really -- we'll keep on looking at being that preferred place for shareholders to invest. Jim has a comment as well.

Thank you. Next question, please?

Yes. George, thank you. I mean it's interesting that you're referring to the past 12 months with all the recurrences that we've had, not necessarily for AmerisourceBergen but in our society as a normal year. But look, the resilience of our businesses were truly on display. We had, of course, the spike in March and in the -- the softish April and May. And if you go back to those times, the confusion that we had, so I think we've had also -- in 2009, we had the fiscal crisis and the worldwide recession. And our business was extremely recession-proof in those times as well. And payers keep paying, our customers keep on seeing their patients and keep on really finding ways to access patients.
So I think if you think about fiscal year '20, the resiliency overall, the way that some of our businesses that were a bit softer, including, say, even our production, animal health businesses came back. Those are all very important to us and I think a good reason why we performed the way we did.
If you look at fiscal year '21, we expect that overall providers will be able to navigate through any surge in the virus in patient loads very effectively. I think that we're much more aware of patient treatments, more effective therapies that are available and that have been improved or brought into utilization, even now one for FDA utilization. So we're quite optimistic about our providers' abilities to sustain and manage through any prolonged COVID crisis.
And then some of the trends that we've talked about, we've talked about them a lot, including our portfolio of customers and the businesses. We are pharmaceutical centric and our ability to do incredible business continuity planning, which should not be underestimated, I think, positions us very well. Jim, I see you have a comment?

Next question, please, operator?

Next question, please?

Yes. I mean I'd like to -- I think you're talking about our largest pharm group customer. And there's nothing to really comment on there. That's -- we're managing through, and that's really around pricing, balancing that we have talked about with all customers. So kind of nothing important to comment on there at all, Eric.

Steve, my 88-year-old father called me this morning and said, "What's going on in Pennsylvania. Why can't you get your results?" So I don't think that, that was quite as directed as this comment. But on policy, I think we always go back to some of our key themes. It's really important to remember that pharmaceuticals are the most efficient form of source of care. And that I think people sometimes forget -- that not you obviously, but that total health care spending, we actually are under 10% now and overall increases have been pretty reasonable. So I think those are the themes that we try to highlight.
And of course, if there were any changes that you referenced like the international pricing, those should be done thoughtfully and then transitioned in a sensitive way. So I think you've seen the market rallied yesterday on health care stocks. And I think we -- at AmerisourceBergen, we have a seat at the table, we are involved. We've really advanced in that area. We often get seen as experts on a lot of these reimbursement and policy areas as it affects our customers. And that's a big part of our focus, right?
We'll continue to advocate on behalf community-based care. We will continue to be a fair partner to pharma and buy on those sort of organizations. And we'll also look to make sure that anything that affects our industry is fairly legislated like the pedigree rule is a good example of that, things like that. So we think it's important. And also AmerisourceBergen, of course, really benefits as a mutual fund of all pharmaceutical-based spending. So we will represent in all the segments, so you should just think about that.
I think operator, we have time for -- no more questions, okay. Our Investor Relations head is putting an end to questions. So I'm going to just end up by saying we're excited to finally be in fiscal year '21. We're focused on execution and growth in fiscal year '21, which we now just completed October. Most excitingly, from a personal point of view, I remember when I joined the former Bergen Brunswig about 27 years ago that we were doing about $3 billion or $4 billion in sales. And potentially, this next year, this upcoming year when we could celebrate the 20th anniversary, we all celebrate the 20th anniversary of Amerisource and Bergen merging, we could record a $200 billion in revenues, which would be quite a momentous achievement for a 20-year-old company.
So just let me end by saying that we're excited about fiscal year '21. We'll also be opening new headquarters for our company. And we're hoping that we can celebrate together with our wonderful associates that have done such a great job throughout this year. We are well positioned to deliver growth and create stakeholder value as we are guided by our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
Thank you for your time today. I know it's been a busy morning. Thank you.