Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. We will be updating you on our performance for the year and briefly discussing our fourth quarter and full fiscal year results. Additionally, I will spend some time addressing the current market environment, AmerisourceBergen's positioning and our expectation for fiscal 2019. Throughout fiscal 2018, our associates executed to deliver solid performance even as 2 of our business units continue to work through some challenges. I am proud of what we accomplished in this dynamic market and want to take a moment to thank our team of 21,000 associates for their dedication and performance. It is our talented teams across the globe who help shape our culture, power our ability to execute and drive our growth. 
Over the past year, we have had several notable achievements. First, we successfully executed a number of key strategic initiatives that further strengthened and expanded our relationships with key customers. Our team helped to enable the seamless integration of more than 1,900 Rite Aid stores acquired by our largest partner, Walgreens. We also continue to grow share of work within our existing customer base and successfully renewed key customer contracts, including with a key partner, Humana, and several others, all without creating any margin headwinds. 
Next, our continued leadership and performance in Specialty Distribution remained a key area of strength for AmerisourceBergen. This quarter marked the 19th consecutive period with 10% or greater revenue growth for our Specialty Distribution businesses, in the first half surpassing $10 billion in quarterly revenue. We are proud of both this achievement and the ability of our teams to put our customers first, ensuring that patients have access to vital pharmaceuticals whenever and wherever they need them. 
Also, our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health business group, including businesses like World Courier and Xcenda, delivered results above expectation and surprised manufacturer innovation across the globe, with best-in-class global specialty logistics and market access services. These efforts across AmerisourceBergen helped to deliver strong results. Revenues were up 11% to $43 billion for the quarter and 10% to $168 billion for the full year. 
We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $1.45 for the fourth quarter and $6.49 for the full year, an increase of 9% and 10%, respectively, compared to the previous fiscal year periods.
Next, I will provide updates on 2 business units that have dealt with challenges in fiscal 2018. We are pleased with substantial progress we have made in Lash Group, as the business continues to migrate customers to Fusion. Our game-changing technology platform and manufacturer feedback continues to be very positive. In a growing market of new innovation -- innovative specialty therapies that require additional patient active and inherent services, we believe Lash's focused services, enabled by Fusion, are a significant differentiator that is positioning Lash for future success. 
Now for an update on PharMEDium. As always, patient safety comes first, and we continue to communicate with the FDA to ensure they are satisfied that our Memphis facility meets 503B standards prior to commencing commercial distribution. We have made significant progress in Memphis, however, work remains to be done. The progress has certainly taken longer than we expected. However, that is the right approach to take, and we have factored in an appropriate outlook for PharMEDium in the fiscal 2019 guidance.
Despite the challenges, we believe the long-term outlook for PharMEDium's business and industry demand remain unchanged. In fact, PharMEDium has secured the primary award status for a large health system GPO, reflecting the market's appreciation for the work we do and the price that we create. We have taken significant measures to ensure that the long-term outcome from this process will be enhanced quality assurance and quality control programs that deliver the safest and highest-quality products for our customers.
As we close our review of fiscal 2018, I want to discuss our financial leadership transition. As you all know, back in September, we announced that CFO, Tim Guttman, had decided to retire from the company and that Jim Cleary, our current Group President, Global Commercialization Services and Animal Health, will succeed Tim as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Throughout his 16 years in the company and nearly 7 years' tenure as CFO, Tim has been a key partner to me and the rest of the executive leadership team. He has supported the company, delivering a strong track record of financial results, growth and total shareholder return. All the while, he has exemplified financial stewardship and humble leadership. Please join the AmerisourceBergen team and me as we wish the best to our colleague and friend, Tim Guttman. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Tim for a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter financial results.

Thank you, Tim. Looking to fiscal 2019 and beyond, AmerisourceBergen will continue to invest, innovate, execute and grow. Even with challenges from PharMEDium, we expect our fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $6.65 to $6.95, representing mid-single digit percentage growth. Our pharmaceutical-centric focus, unique portfolio of customers and businesses, differentiated customer experience and leadership in specialty position AmerisourceBergen for long-term growth and shareholder value creation.
While there may be periods of uncertainty within the broad marketplace, we are confident in our ability to execute even as the company navigates through what continues to be an ever-evolving healthcare landscape. Healthcare remains a critical, integral part of the economy, and pharmaceuticals represent the most efficient form of patient care. They not only improve patient lives but are also key to mitigate overall healthcare spend. Right now, many debates regarding the U.S. healthcare system are taking place at a headline level with the cost of care and the price of prescription drugs drawing focus. We realize that the healthcare system will continue to evolve, it also recognizes that significant changes will likely take time. In this dynamic environment, the scale and scope of AmerisourceBergen's value to its partners and our industry's value to the healthcare system overall continue to be undeniable. Our unique capability to provide logistical services and drive cost efficiency, the limited supply chain, are vital to patient access and care. As changes to various part of the current healthcare market are considered, we'll have an important seat at the table during discussions with policy leaders, manufacturers, customers and other stakeholders to help ensure that changes do not negatively affect patient access to the best care possible, and that our important role in supply chain continues to be recognized.
We believe every change offers opportunity, and our overall focus on innovation and efficiency is key to ensuring that any model evolutions reflect the value we provide. This morning's announcement of the board approval of our new $1 billion share repurchase authorization reinforces our confidence in our value proposition and ability to successfully navigate the industry evolution and reflects our ongoing commitment to return capital to our shareholders. We will continue to focus on elements we can control, be it advocate for community-based providers, servicing our customer relationships, executing our differentiated strategy and investing in our businesses, AmerisourceBergen is positioned to continue delivering long-term sustainable growth and entirely differentiated in 4 key areas.
First, AmerisourceBergen has key long-term anchor partnerships in each segment. Our alignment with these long-term relationships expands our ability to create more value for all of our partners and position us for share growth and success. We are extremely proud of the position we are in with our customers with no major contract renewals on the horizon. 
Manufacturers are a key customer segment who understand the value they capture in driving patient access to products through strategic partnerships with AmerisourceBergen. As a vital connection between pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers, AmerisourceBergen continues to enhance our value proposition to manufacturers through services, data and analytics that deliver additional value by helping manufacturers maximize patient access to therapy. On the other end of the supply chain, AmerisourceBergen continues to support the viability and growth of community-based providers, including independent pharmacies, specialty practices such as immuno-oncology and veterinary practices. Consumers seek care in their local community, whether it's a hospital, a clinic or a pharmacy and accessibility of these healthcare professionals is vital. We want to make sure that we are enabling the local healthcare destinations to best serve the people and the animals in their communities, providing access to expertise in medicine when and where patients need it. AmerisourceBergen will continue its unwavering commitment to supporting community-based providers, enabling to use their time to focus on patient care and enhancing their ability to maximize business performance. 
Second, our leadership position in specialty, the fastest growing part of the pharmaceutical market, places AmerisourceBergen at the forefront of successful commercialization and distribution of specialty products. Over the last several decades, we have made many strategic organic and inorganic investments, organizing a comprehensive portfolio of global commercialization and distribution services that support enhanced access for increasing number of new, innovative therapies coming to market. We continue to have the most successful footprint in specialty, leveraging our strength and scale to serve as the key connections between manufacturers and physicians and ultimately, patients. The growth of complex specialty medications is also driving an increased demand for commercialization services. AmerisourceBergen continues to be well positioned to meet this growing need by having made ourselves the essential partner for manufacturers throughout the pharmaceutical commercialization process. As this differentiated partner with market-leading data and technology platforms and solutions, we are improving efficiency, driving data connectivity, generating insights and enabling manufacturers to enhance outcomes for patients and businesses. 
Third, innovation is fundamental at AmerisourceBergen. Our differentiated portfolio of services and solutions unlocks new value for manufacturers and for valued customers. Our highly automated distribution network and key IT systems enable the successful navigation of a complex supply chain while maintaining product safety and security. We remain committed to delivering a best-in-class customer experience through the design of new solutions that transform the customers' experience to become more integrated, seamless, personalized and informative, empowering providers to spend more time on patient care. For example, our ABC audit technology, designed by pharmacists for pharmacists, continues to help providers operate more effectively and efficiently. Given this differentiated value and higher customer satisfaction scores, we recently expanded and launched ABC Order to support our health systems customers, helping them improve inventory control efficiency, optimize ordering decisions and access data trends and insights. 
Finally, AmerisourceBergen has a proven track record of successful financial stewardship. Our company continues to have a strong balance sheet and a thoughtful and disciplined approach to capital deployment that includes investments to drive organic growth, the valuation consideration of value-creating strategic M&A opportunities, share repurchases and a reasonable dividend for our shareholders. This October, we completed our previous share repurchase authorization, following the execution of opportunistic repurchases. This morning, share repurchase authorization announcement and increase in our dividend reflects our balanced approach to capital deployment and ongoing commitment to returning shareholder capital. 
In closing, I feel fortunate that in this financial leadership transition, we are able to have such an experienced executive as Jim take on the role of CFO of AmerisourceBergen. Jim brings more than 20 years of strong leadership and operational experience and an in-depth knowledge about business to this new role. His proven track record of management and execution makes him an excellent leader to help AmerisourceBergen continue to grow as the leading healthcare solutions provider and drive shareholder return. Over the last several years working with Jim, I have come to know him both personally and professionally and respect and value his leadership experience, dedication to our associates, and as many of you in the investment community already know, his commitment in delivering value to shareholders. 
Now I will turn the call over to Jim who will discuss our financial guidelines for fiscal 2019. Jim?

Thank you, Jim. Before we proceed with Q&A, I would like to share a few final remarks. AmerisourceBergen continues to execute and drive long-term growth in a highly complex dynamic healthcare environment. Every day, our teams collaborate and apply their expertise towards opportunities that serve our manufacturer and provider customers in more efficient and innovative ways. As a discussion of different healthcare system models continues, AmerisourceBergen will continue to be a thought leader, engaging with policy makers and commercial partners to ensure that we are a driver of solutions, enabler of access and creator of additional efficiencies. We remain steadfast in our commitment to be a part of the solution and supporters of the most cost-efficient form and size of patient care. Our differentiated strategy and ability to execute strongly positions AmerisourceBergen for long-term growth. We think, plan and act strategically to improve efficiency, support partner growth, champion patient access and build long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. More than ever, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. As always, we appreciate your interest in AmerisourceBergen. 
I will now turn it over to Bennett to start our Q&A.

Yes, Steve. Thanks for the question. It's Steve Collis here, of course. And we're very disappointed with where we find ourselves with PharMEDium, as we know you all are. Management does remain closed. And I think it's important for us, for you all to recall, that we already focused on the long-term here and in the long-term, we committed to a healthier relationship, bilateral relationship with regulators. That's going to be key here and being at the highest end of service in this industry. PharMEDium was really such a large participant in the 503B industry, and it was one of the key drivers for our -- with the new legislation, one of the key drivers for our decision to invest in the company. We focus right now and plan on demonstrating the commitment to the FDA to the highest standard of regulatory compliance and patient safety, and that's going to be our priority. We think that the customers are being very supportive. We announced that a major award as customers do look towards the future. However, we recognize that their customers are frustrated also. So it's hard to gauge exactly how the market will respond when we are ready, particularly as we don't have a firm start date. And so that's a frustration right now. And we -- it has our full attention. But I'll just end by saying that it's important to keep it in the context of the overall progress that AmerisourceBergen and great results that we feel we reported in a very difficult market in fiscal 2018 and a relatively strong outlook for both segments, excluding PharMEDium, which we know investors can't necessarily look at it like that, but it is probably helpful to you to see the strong trends that we have in the rest of our business. And we'll take the next question. Or Jim -- sorry, Jim wants to say something as well.

Yes, and on the long-term model, maybe just add. We feel confident on long term, we really mean over the long term. And ABC's approached this with a long-term perspective, as we do with all our business. And we would say growth with the market, which is, again, prescription to market continues to surge and new product innovation, and we're very well placed with our anchor customers. Our specialty business is a differentiator. Our commercialization services and animal health, we have growth next year in 2019, and we think that those will carry on being differentiators for us. We have -- we've been excellent stewards of capital. We have a active shareholder return policy. So we feel really good about our business in the long term. And we also feel that if you isolate the PharMEDium issue, we are comparing -- competing very well in the competitive landscape that we're in. And we do have differentiation. We have so many businesses this year, Charles, that have performed really well. We try to point out our specialty distribution to physician businesses and the incredible results they posted. But also businesses like Xcenda and World Courier and our Innomar business in Canada have really, really performed very well. So I think it's -- ABC is both complex and overall, very well-performing portfolio. MWI had a really strong fourth quarter. We were thrilled at their fourth quarter that came in ahead of our expectation. So there's a lot to be optimistic about at AmerisourceBergen.

We just -- we're pointing out that generic deflation is sort of in the range of what we've come to expect and more of what's normal. We expect fiscal year '19 to be similar to the tail end of fiscal year '18. And we're optimistic that in the long run, we'll return to single digits. The stabilization is, obviously, we pointed out is good for not only our generic business, which is very important to us, but also with our cash flow. Those are some of our highest-return cash flow businesses. On the planned proposal to changes to Part B, we remain incredibly committed to the community setting. It's an active setting. It's shown great growth this year. It's an active marketplace. And we think that the access to those life-saving therapies and to community practitioners is very important to patients. There is no data we've been able to show that says that, that setting is more expensive or that physicians prescribe based on economics. We don't -- we think that they prescribe based on high standards of therapy and protocol management. And we really are committed to seeing that those patients have access to care in their communities. And particularly, when you look at rural communities and the job that rural communities' oncologists perform, it's really quite moving and to think that those communities could be threatened -- those communities could be threatened is, obviously, not something that we think regulators or CMS wants to encourage in any way. So we think that there will be a rational debate. And we also feel that there are people in D.C. at CMS and HSS that understand these issues and that we can be -- we can engage with and dialogue with, and we are doing that.

Yes. It's a good question, George. Look, the market is dynamic. I'll just reiterate that ABC is confident in our value proposition. We're confident that the economics that we receive are fair. It's also really important to remember that we have both buy and sell-side economics, and we have flexibility in how we price contracts. I think that some of these trends are very interesting, and we discussed this at length in our business reviews, what should our strategy be with the manufacturers and there's all sorts of strategies being deployed. There's not necessarily one in terms of what the reimbursement codes are, in terms of, is the brand product being taken out of the market, and we had this quasi-biosimilar type product. Everyone's adopting different strategies. What we are sure about is that AmerisourceBergen is a valued partner by all those manufacturers. We've been engaged at the highest level in those launches and participated actively and supported our partner's strategies in the marketplace. And there's no doubt that there's a drive towards greater transparency in the marketplace. And we think some of those trends, as they benefit the overall system, and as they benefit patients, will benefit AmerisourceBergen as well. And we're very confident that we will participate actively in those therapies and in those price changes as the market adapts.

So -- sorry, I didn't quite get that.

Yes. So we've been very successful with our rebalancing, I mean if you look -- obviously, we went to the biggest customers first. And we've been -- so those have been taken care of. But as large customers came up, we've had the discussion. I think on the sell side, Michael, we've been happy with the way we've been able to renew contracts and have that rebalancing discussion. Look, the larger customers definitely understand this. I mean, some of the trends are very discernible in terms of the growth of specialty, generic deflation, et cetera, the new therapies, the innovative therapies like cell therapy. So we've been able to have these discussions. And look, like everything we do, these -- it's much more complex, right? And the categories or brand are not just brand and generic. It's biosimilars, it's cell therapies, it's specialty drugs, it's mature, oral solid products. So we have been able to have these discussions. And frankly, there is much more complexity in our contracting. We're well over halfway through that because we have Irish contracts anywhere from 3 to 6 years or so. Some are longer, but that's the general range. So they'll all making -- some that haven't come up. But the most strategic and essential customers to us, we are in discussions with them constantly about -- down to even some key product launches. So this is not work that's once and done. It's iterative and continues, literally, on a -- almost in some cases, on a weekly basis, you could say, with key customers. And we have some very large customers. Of course, we talk a lot about Walgreens. But there's also big customers like Kaiser and Express Scripts and CPA and in the Besse business, Banfield and Florida Cancer, and our community oncology business there. We literally are having constant discussions. AmerisourceBergen is very customer and market-facing. So we are accessible to customers and we have these discussions constantly. Jim or Tim, anything you'd like to add?

Yes, Eric, thanks for the question. Okay, it's no doubt we're going to be -- and of course, we have a certain conference that we'll be attending very early in January. So there's no doubt that we're going to be very intrigued by what happens in the marketplace. But it is, as we've said, it's really those select group of manufacturers that we are still -- that we are still -- that price utilization is a part of the overall economics we receive. Look, if they were to not have price increases, we would absolutely have a discussion. We think that, that's a fair and balanced discussion to have. We don't think that inflation should be a part of our overall compensation we receive or an important part of it. And there are other elements, of course, to the compensation we receive from those manufacturers. But we are going to be very interested, as I'm sure you will be, to see what happens in January and what the environment is. There's no doubt that anything beyond mid to maybe 7%, 8% price inflation increase would be surprising in this environment.

So I think, Ricky, we're going to end there and maybe just make some closing remarks. So we obviously have -- we wish that we had better news to share with you on PharMEDium. But I just want to end by reemphasizing that ABC is strongly positioned going forward. We have a differentiated policy, differentiated strategies around specialty, and around our commercialization business. We feel that we are very aligned and very in sync with key customers when it comes to key trends. We have been strong stewards of capital. And we are growing in fiscal year '19 if you -- just how PharMEDium performed, and please recognize that we are not entirely in control of when Memphis will be restarted and when the other operations will be able to resume. But clearly, there has been a delay in what we had originally communicated to you on the last conference. So again, thank you for your time and let me just say one more time, that we are very pleased with ABC's positioning in marketplace, and our differentiated policies around specialty and commercialization. Thank you.