Thank you, Bennett. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone on the call. Today, my remarks will focus on the successes about 2022 fiscal year and the ways in which our leading distribution and pharmaceutical solution capabilities are core to advancing global pharmaceutical innovation and access, ultimately driving significant value creation for all our stakeholders.
AmerisourceBergen delivered another strong fiscal year, driven by the resilience and strength of our business as our team continue to execute to advance our strategic priorities and build on our foundation for future growth. First, we leveraged the strength of our leading pharmaceutical distribution businesses. During fiscal 2022, we were proud to continue to support the continued global response to the COVID-19 pandemic as the exclusive distributor of emergency use authorization treatments in the U.S. and by supporting the distribution of vaccines and test kits internationally.
Guided by our purpose, and empowered by our commercial strengths and execution, we played an important role in supporting public health. This also presented an opportunity to enhance relationships with key stakeholders worldwide, including governments, public health agencies, and providers and pharmacies. Importantly, we also continue to support our community provider customers from pharmacies to physicians to veterinarians all of whom are integral to ensuring patient access and care in our communities around the world.
Second, we solidified our global capabilities to further enhance our customer experience. In the nearly 18 months since our acquisition of Alliance Healthcare, we have continued to integrate the business and facilitate collaboration across teams. As we look forward to the next phase of our integration, we are focused on streamlining our solutions under one commercial leader. Group President, Bob Mauch, will now also oversee Alliance Healthcare and assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer. By uniting and simplifying our commercial operations, we will engage with our partners as a truly integrated healthcare solutions leader, fortifying our position at the core of the global pharmaceutical supply chain.
Third, we advanced our legacy of responsible corporate stewardship with our ESG commitments, engagement and reporting, including further aligning our ESG work with recognized international standards, frameworks and initiatives. One important area where we continue to evolve our programs and policies is in diversity, equity and inclusion. And as a sign of progress, I'm pleased to say that our most recent gender pay data in the United States indicates that for every dollar male employees are paid, female employees in AmerisourceBergen are paid [ $0.998], an increase from our previous ratio of [ $0.994 ].
Furthermore, to extend our work in DEI, we are making important investments to support health equity in our communities. These efforts include our disparities in cancer care task force, which is focused on addressing disparities and analyzing social determinants of health for oncology patients at the community level. In August, we held our first ever disparities in Cancer Care Summit, where we brought together researchers, community physicians, patient advocates, payers and healthcare leaders to collaborate and share information. By uniting thought leaders and industry leaders, we hope to stimulate, innovative partnerships that will address the disparities in cancer care today.
We are also focused on supporting our people. Based on feedback, we have solicited from our team members, we have evolved our workforce policies to address post-pandemic labor trends, reinforce the strength of our culture, investing in our talent and aligned their development with our goal for the business. We recognize that our people are our most important asset and that's the strength of our performance, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our team members around the globe.
With purpose-driven dedication, commitment and expertise, our teams are executing against our strategic pillars to maintain a leading share of pharmaceutical distribution and best-in-class efficiency while growing our higher-margin and higher-growth businesses.
Looking to the year ahead and beyond, we have strong momentum, and the importance of pharmaceutical care and the opportunities provided by continued pharmaceutical innovation bolster our strategy and fortify our ability to create additional stakeholder value. To advance our foundational pharmaceutical distribution business, we lead with market leaders around the world. It's no coincidence that customers are our first strategic pillar because they are at the center of everything we do. Our key anchor customers range from upstream emerging biotechs and large pharma manufacturers to downstream providers across the spectrum of care delivery, including physicians, community and specialty pharmacies, health systems, veterinarians and government agencies. We form long-term strategic partnerships to solve for the current and future needs of our customers. And with our expanded footprint and capabilities, we are now able to partner with them on a truly global scale.  
This includes supporting them with a technologically advanced standard setting infrastructure. For a distributor, maintaining infrastructure is table stakes, and we are proud that our historical investments have enabled us to be a leader in adopting new technologies and innovations to fulfill our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
In particular, our footprint efficiency and capabilities in data and analytics have enabled us to support the COVID-19 pandemic response globally. Today, we are proud to be supporting the response to monkeypox, and we stand readily to facilitate patient access to life-changing and life-sustaining medication to advance public health around the world.  
To ensure future readiness, AmerisourceBergen is enhancing our capabilities to grow our higher-margin, higher-growth businesses to support the rapidly evolving and global nature of pharmaceutical innovation, at the center of which is specialty medical care. Our team members, customers, suppliers and investors have known and appreciated AmerisourceBergen as the leader in specialty. Our specialty business is nearly 30 years old, and the tremendous investments we've made in our specialty capabilities have helped build us into the leader we are today and have laid a strong foundation for us to lead in the specialty of the future.
Cell and gene therapies, for example, is one area with a combination of scientific breakthroughs, regulatory support and industry developments by accelerating product pipelines and patient access. To support this cutting-edge innovation in patient care, we deploy our broad and expanding platform of capabilities in distribution, commercialization and specialty logistics. This includes assets such as World Courier, Alloga and Innomar, which we are able to leverage to provide pharma manufacturers with the expertise needed to solve their most complex problems now and plan for the solutions of tomorrow.
Specialty medicines play a key role in future pharmaceutical innovation. And with our continued innovation and investments, we further strengthened our leadership and capture this growth opportunity. AmerisourceBergen is also well positioned to benefit from high and increasing demand for outsourced manufacture consulting and logistics services as we solidify our role as partner of choice for global pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Through our various investments and partnerships, we offer a differentiated portfolio of commercialization solutions to support pharmaceutical innovation. Our recently announced acquisition of PharmaLex, for example, enhances our portfolio of solutions across our footprint and represents our ability to support clients at every stage of the commercialization journey from providing market access strategies and early-stage clinical development consulting services to leveraging our pharmaceutical distribution reach and specialty distribution leadership to bring innovative products to market.
We are differentiating and getting closer to our pharma partners by expanding our solution set, advancing our core capabilities and leveraging our existing commercial strength, ultimately contributing to positive pharmaceutical outcomes.
We further drive our differentiation by investing in innovation to both advance our foundation and enhance our capabilities. Our investment strategy prioritizes continually improving and building on our strengths, supporting customer needs and ensuring our continued leadership in core capabilities such as supply chain excellence, clinical practice efficiency and patient access and adherence. We are also next-minded and focused on areas where we see trends leading to future growth such as clinical trial service, digital commerce and home health.
In clinical trial services, for example, we continue to play a leading role with direct-to-patient capabilities, helping our customers manage complexities as they increasingly adopt decentralized and hybrid models. Through this capability, we leverage our capabilities and reach to support pharmaceutical innovation and facilitate patient access. And to create the next generation of solutions to power our success long into the future, we continuously innovate through a combination of internal investments, capability building, strategic partnerships and venture capital.
We remain committed to creating differentiated value for our stakeholders. Our long-term sustainable growth is supported by investments in our people and culture and our commitment to ESG. Our people drive our business forward, and we are committed to investing in and supporting them with a culture that unites, cultivate and empower them. Underpinned by our purpose and guiding principles, we are advancing our talent and culture to support our strategy and innovation to create an energized, diverse and inclusive workplace that helps our talent be action-biased, credibly resourceful and next-minded.
Our business is supported by the right people, including at the top of the organization. We recently had the pleasure of welcoming to our Board of Directors, Dr. Lorence Kim, whose business acumen and knowledge of healthcare and pharmaceutical innovation, will serve AmerisourceBergen well in his new capacity as an independent Director.
We are focused on adding key skill sets and diverse perspectives to help support our business and strategy as we continue our process of Board succession planning. Just as we invest in our people, we also invest in our communities, which have grown in scale and geography. With this in mind, we continue to evolve our environmental, social and governance initiatives to create healthier futures around the world, which includes adapting to a change in climate, promoting health equity and embracing a culture of transparency, ethics and integrity. We take very seriously our leading role in healthcare, and we are committed to being a sustainable and responsible business.
We are pleased with the progress we are making towards our long-term vision of expanding our leadership in pharmaceutical distribution and growing our higher-margin, higher-growth businesses. We have the right strategy in place to do so. By advancing our foundation, enhancing our capabilities and investing in innovation to further drive our differentiation, we are solidifying our position at the core of global pharmaceutical innovation and access.
Our leadership and growth are further supported by our strong financial foundation and value-enhancing capital allocation strategy, which Jim will discuss shortly. Just as importantly, we live our purposes of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures with a focus on creating a better future for all of our stakeholders.
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 results and to discuss our expectations for fiscal 2023. Jim?

Okay. Lisa, good to hear from you, and thank you for the question. Yes, I could not be more proud to speak about our specialty distribution and services business. We started the business, as you know, almost 30 years ago. And it's interesting because ION oncology supply, of course, were the formative businesses and we've added a lot of capabilities, of course, on the distribution side with companies like Besse and then most importantly, Lash and Xcenda got us into the services area. And we now with the ICS and World Courier and PharmaLex, we continue to build out our portfolio in ways that are very thoughtful to both our up and downstream customers.
But on the legacy specialty business, let me just say, we've always adapted the business for the needs of both large and small customers. If you look at the market shares we have considering that a good portion of the market in community oncology in the U.S. which is where our biggest business is, is not available to us. The market shares we have are pretty impressive, and we've maintained them those relationships for a long time. And we do that with exceptional service, pricing and strong relationships on the ground. Then you look at the development of services like ION and the clinical pathways and the information and data that manufacturers require, and that help our practices better perform in this current environment and the ongoing needs to enhance that and then refine that and increase it, including areas that AmerisourceBergen hasn't until recently been active in like ESG, like clinical trial -- diversity in clinical trials, like more and more longitudinal information, and we really have a tremendous presence.
One of the drivers right now in oncology business is the aggregators, and AmerisourceBergen is proud to be partnering with the 3 largest aggregators. So we work, of course, with the small customers, but we are able to be the lead distributor for those 3 aggregator companies, which are highly active, and we anticipate that they will continue to grow as the market evolves.
We've also developed a good practice for institutional accounts that want to get more in this market. But I could talk about this a lot. I feel I also need to talk about our investment in services, which really helps expand on the presence that we have in the market. It helps compound our theme of international growth and differentiation. It helps enhance our outcomes and the outcomes for our pharma companies.
And you asked about biosimilars. We are going to be working hard on both Europe and the U.S. to help our customers access them to access them profitably, to access them on behalf of their patients. I think we've already demonstrated tremendous success. And our sweet spot is, again, like it was with the generics 2 to 4 players, we do best, and once it gets too much beyond that, it's -- the reimbursement declines a lot for our customers. And we really are evaluating the shifts and what makes clinical and economic sense for our customers. But it's been a tremendous -- it creates a lot of headroom for our suppliers and for actual drug spending, which we believe is the most efficient form of healthcare. And I could talk a lot about this, but I know you have a question for Jim, and thank you for asking me to talk about our business.
Last thing I'd say before I hand over to Jim, just this week, we celebrated the opening of a new hub for our specialty services on the West Coast, and it looks terrific. I can't wait to get there in the next year or so. But it just shows you the growth of the actual distribution of specialty products including biosimilars and looking at emerging areas like cell and gene therapies is so important for our manufactures and our provider customers that we've now opened a third largest regional center. So Jim?

Yes, just one comment, Jim, too. I would say we end the fiscal year with a lot of momentum, and it highlights the resiliency and just core demand for our services. We really -- we should never -- appreciate this tremendous industry we're in.

Thank you, everybody, for your participation today. I hope that Jim and Bennett and myself were very clear that we are tremendously proud of AmerisourceBergen's performance in fiscal year 2022. We enter fiscal year 2023 with tremendous confidence, which is only enhanced by the flexibility, our strong balance sheet affords us. AmerisourceBergen is making the right strategic, human and operational investments to continue to grow our franchise in ways that will enhance value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your time today.