Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. I'm pleased to talk about AmerisourceBergen's continued strong performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. On this call, I will highlight how our business remains well positioned for the long-term growth and how AmerisourceBergen unites the stakeholders across the health care supply chain as a solutions provider and good corporate citizen. 
First, our fiscal 2019 second quarter financial performance. Revenues were up a solid 6% to $43.3 billion for the quarter and our adjusted diluted EPS was $2.11 for the second quarter, an increase of 9% compared to the previous fiscal year period. We are extremely pleased with our performance in the second quarter, which was driven by solid growth in customer volumes, double-digit specialty distribution growth and overall strong execution across both the Pharmaceutical Distribution and Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health groups. 
I first want to thank our 21,000 associates, who are really driving our performance. I couldn't be more proud of their dedication, solution-oriented mindset, focus and passion for our customers and partners. And I consider it a privilege to work alongside them every day. Our teams are executing well across our robust portfolio of businesses as we continue to enhance the experience and value that we provide for our customers and partners in the industry. 
Our Pharmaceutical Distribution services team, notably in specialty position services and health systems, continued to deepen their customer relationships and seek new ways to unlock value for our partners while enabling patient access to pharmaceuticals. Finally, we are proud of how our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health group continues to execute, grow and deliver differentiated services for pharmaceutical manufacturers and veterinarians. 
Next, an update on our comprehensive, strategic and financial review for PharMEDium. As part of this process, we determined that the best way to maximize the value of the business was to close PharMEDium's smallest and least-automated facility and consolidate production into the business' remaining 2 open facilities to service customers more efficiently and effectively. We believe this decision should optimize the business more appropriately for the long term while ensuring that PharMEDium's focus remains on patient safety and delivering the safest and highest-quality products.
In addition, as you may recall, we engaged a cGMP expert consulting firm to help us with our review of this business unit. After taking into consideration PharMEDium's enhanced quality assurance and quality control procedures and independent evaluations from our cGMP consulting firm and the business unit's new president, we have determined that it will be difficult for PharMEDium's overall volumes to return to previous levels in the next few years.
In addition to our internal review, we have continued discussions with regulators. And based on discussions to date, we expect to enter into content decree in the June quarter. Subject to the successful completion of third-party orders, we anticipate that a consent decree will allow our commercial distribution to continue at the 2 open compounding facilities. Additionally, we expect that a consent decree would specify requirements that must be satisfied prior to resumption of commercial operations at the Memphis facility. Based on these updates, Jim will provide more details in his comments regarding PharMEDium's financial outlook.
However, despite this challenge and as evidenced by this quarter's results, AmerisourceBergen continues to execute and deliver strong growth and performance. Our differentiated strategic and -- our differentiated strategy investments have positioned us to continue delivering long-term sustainable growth in fiscal 2019 and beyond. 
At the core of our strategy remains a clearly defined pharmaceutical-centric focus. AmerisourceBergen continues to benefit from growth in the U.S. pharmaceutical market, which was driven by strong patient demographics and prescription utilization gains as well as pharmaceutical innovation across brand, specialty and biosimilars. In fact, the specialty market is experiencing significant growth as an increasing number of breakthrough medicines continue to improve the current standards of care.
Our undisputed leadership position in specialty distribution and services places AmerisourceBergen at the forefront of this rapidly growing market segment. While we report distribution and commercialization services in separate segments, together they represent our extensive footprint and comprehensive portfolio in specialty that we have built through decades of significant organic and inorganic strategic investments. Our expertise and capabilities empower us to support the complex solutions needed in both specialty distribution and pre- and post-commercialization services. 
Specialty distribution, which includes oncology and physician-administered products, continued its double-digit growth in the second fiscal quarter as we continue to create value for our customers. This part of the U.S. health care market is growing well as patient utilization of these life-altering medications continue to increase. The efficiency of the distribution channels we enable, combined with key services and solutions we provide our physician practice customers, are core reasons why AmerisourceBergen remains the preferred partner of choice. For example, Besse Medical extends AmerisourceBergen's reach and relationship to over 65,000 non-oncology community physician sites, accelerating access to the products, insights, technology and guide needed to elevate their practice performance and patient experience.
On the commercialization side, we continue to increase the depth and span of our manufacturer services, making ourselves the essential partner for the global pharmaceutical industry. For example, World Courier, the most trusted specialty logistics partner in the world offers high-quality innovative services, which provides the customized support and flexibility that manufacturers value for clinical trial logistics and commercial services, such as those needed in cell and gene therapy. 
World Courier continues to move innovation forward through recent technology and packaging advancements, like NOVA and Cocoon, which deliver increased efficiencies and enhance experience for their customers, empower their sustained growth and demand for their services. In the years ahead, the strong pipeline of innovative and complex specialty products and increasing number of biosimilars in the market should further increase demand with an innovative distribution and commercialization services that we provide for our partners.
AmerisourceBergen applies the same innovative masthead towards all opportunities or issues that arise across this dynamic and exciting health care landscape. Our ongoing investments in state-of-the-art services and solutions continues to differentiate our business and enable new value-creation opportunities for our partners, customers and the entire health care supply chain. Likewise, our focus on driving data connectivity throughout all our offerings further distinguishes our ability to meet the evolving needs of our stakeholders and solidify AmerisourceBergen's position as a trusted data company in our industry that stakeholders depend upon to help them deliver care and improve efficiency at scale.
As an industry, AmerisourceBergen and peers create secure nationwide supply chain that produces reliable, accessible and transparent data and analytics that consistently deliver value for our stakeholders. For example, manufacturers value and trust data generated by AmerisourceBergen, which enables them to proactively manage their daily services -- their daily service and inventory levels. On the other end of the supply chain, our unique set of analytics tools empowers 4,600 pharmacies and our Elevate Provider Network with solutions that help pharmacies maximize profitability, improve operational effectiveness and enhance patients' care. 
We take great pride in our responsibility as a trusted data source and our role as a solutions provider in the supply chain. With this solutions-oriented approach in mind, we continue to believe there's a facilitation role that we can play if the U.S. health care system shifts to one where patients need to access discounted pharmaceutical prices in the pharmacy at the point-of-sale. Given our fundamental tools and trusted relationships, we believe AmerisourceBergen and its Pharmaceutical Distribution peers would be best positioned to support the transition. 
Our existing capabilities and proven experience managing and maintaining complex contract administration and charge-back systems today provide the necessary building blocks the operationalize a charge-back system to handle point-of-sale discounts in the pharmacy. Given pharmaceutical distributors' existing relationships built on fairness and trust with their pharmacy customers and manufacturer partners, position distributors to approach this potential reform with solutions that are fair, efficient and transparent. With support and industry alignment, AmerisourceBergen is ready to play a role in pursuing a distributor-facilitated model. This unique opportunity will further embody AmerisourceBergen's purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. In fact, our purpose is the driving force behind everything we do. 
As a company, AmerisourceBergen recognizes the importance of strong corporate citizenship as a cornerstone to long-term shareholder value creation. We are especially excited by the continued progress and development detailed within this year's Corporate Citizenship Report, which follows externally accepted standards for sustainability reporting and is our most comprehensive report to date. Here are a few highlights. 
First, we have invested in 2 solar energy pilot projects located at our distribution centers and introduced several packaging innovation solutions that help reduce waste and energy usage in our efforts to improve the sustainability of our operations. In addition to help enhance our inclusive culture, where our associates respect and support one another, we launched the Connect With Respect campaign and supported colleagues impacted by hurricanes and wildfires through our Associate Assistance Fund. Finally, the AmerisourceBergen Foundation, an independent, not-for-profit, charitable-giving organization continues to invest in health-related causes that help increase health care access for human and animal populations and ensure prescription drug safety. 
As a distributor of pharmaceutical products, AmerisourceBergen manages the transportation of medication, including controlled substances from manufacturers to licensed providers. We take our role in the supply chain seriously and work to combat opioid abuse by ensuring safe and secure distribution, maintaining operational integrity, advocating for the highest regulatory standards and community outreach. All of this, in addition to reporting all controlled substance orders to the DEA and halting suspicious orders. 
AmerisourceBergen and the AmerisourceBergen Foundation are committed to making a difference in our communities and providing communities across the country resources to combat the epidemic of opioid misuse. Together, our 21,000 associates, Board of Directors and partners will continue to further our efforts, collectively working to boost our reach and improve across our communities and the supply chain to create a healthier future for all.
In closing, AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to continue creating shareholder value and delivering long-term sustainable growth. We are proud of our ability to execute, evolve and transform our business to meet the needs of our partners through our value for our stakeholders and ultimately even patients -- and ultimately serve patients. We won't be complacent. We're making investments in our people, solutions and infrastructure and focusing on the problems or opportunities that our customers have in their business.
AmerisourceBergen is committed to being a thought leader that drives solutions, enables access and creates additional efficiency. We have the utmost confidence that our differentiated strategy will create sustained long-term value for our stakeholders. More than ever, we are united in our responsibility to create a healthier future. And as always, we appreciate AmerisourceBergen.
Now I'll turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth discussion of our quarterly financial results and our upward revision to fiscal 2019 EPS guidance. Jim?

Yes. Thanks. And Glen, on the second question, really around reimbursement pressure, our customers -- it really depends a lot -- informs a lot by your contracting strategy. So particularly, if you're in narrow networks, you know, I know when we do the Elevate work, for example, it's really important that we take into account the manageability of contract rates that we adopt for Elevate. And we have a lot of discussions with our independent base that we contract on behalf of for that. There is a lot of talk. I think you're referencing can independents survive in this environment? And no, we're seeing independents' market share remains fairly consistent. 
I think because of the differentiated service they provide, the communities that they're in, their role as a local health care practitioner, very accessible. I think they work very hard. And there's a continuity of service there that, I think, a lot of patients are very fond of, so. And then I think ourselves, our industry, has been very helpful to the overall growth and survivability of the independent pharmacists. And they have other key partners like buying groups. But the services we offer them, including analytics, technology, professional services, sourcing services, are very critical to their survival. And we think that they do differentiate them. And we in particular think that being a Good Neighbor Pharmacy and Elevate member differentiates you further within that important subset.

Yes. Bob, thanks for the question. And one thing that I would start say, I'd much rather -- everything that I -- we work very hard on balancing our portfolio to make sure that all the products are profitable. And we've talked a lot about that. And we've been talking about that for years. And I think that, you know, stage of fruit, we're not where we'd like to be entirely. But we obviously had an effort, just to be very frank, to make sure that generics and generics with the deflation, was not a growing, robust part of our portfolio as it had been in the past, that this was not as much of a headwind. And I think you've seen some of that play out. 
Just on the question about distributors and adjudication, great question. I'm really proud of the team. I mean the way we brainstorm, you talk about the work that gets done between information resources -- to give you a glimpse into the inner workings of the company, the work that was done here before we could put out the release between information resources, our digital people and our core business operations, the Elevate people, I think it's really amongst the finest thinking that we've done in a long time just to think about the future, look at the problems and be proactive about putting a solution out there. 
Having said that, it still is not a clear picture. There needs to be tremendous cooperation amongst all -- some of the industry stakeholders. I do think that sometimes people forget that not all products are heavily rebated. We're talking about a category of products, which is fairly large and have specific characterizations around how they get prescribed and how patients utilize them and how they get dispensed and how manufacturers are negotiating with PBMs and other insurance parties. So I think that's important. But we are positive about our role. 
I think we've been quite confident, intellectually confident to state that we can perform this service that's analogous to some other services we provide. But it's more complex because we have to take a data feed from payers and claims. So we stand ready to do that work. We need help and we need alignment that the wholesalers are the right party to do that. We have a strong faith and confidence that we can do that because we are an honest, neutral party. And we do this in the institutional setting very frequently. So it's not that a big of a stretch for us. And we have these strong relationships that we can leverage. And I think that over time, I've been saying for a long time that it's inevitable that companies like AmerisourceBergen will have a stronger payer/patient relationship in terms of the services we provide to payers. So maybe that's part of the evolution of the market, and we look forward to playing that role.

Yes, it's a good question. So WBAD is now 6 years old. I mean just to remind everyone, in 2013, we joined the alliance that has already been created between Walgreens and Alliance Boots at that time. And we think that it's been very successful. In fact, historically, it narrowed the gap tremendously between how independents would source generics versus how chains can. And I think if you look back, that really dovetails very well into theme that I've talked about, about how important wholesalers have been for the overall survival of independents. So we look at these statistics very carefully. 
And there's a juxtaposition, if you wanted to say, between what our generic profitability is and what our compliance rates are. And we've talked about that. We are obsessed with our compliance rates and our independents feel that we're giving them a fair deal as we all are maintaining our profitability in this important segment of the business. So that is something that we're very aware of. It's not something that's new to us. It's always been the stance. 
But we are confident in the value proposition that we provide to Good Neighbor Pharmacy and to all of our customers. And we are aware reimbursement pressure and other health care policy pressures are -- it's nothing -- it's not new to us. We have been engaging in these discussions and have been proactive more and more in those discussions with our key customers as well as our suppliers so that we can help really plan for about managing through changes. 
The DIR fees, you referenced those, those were a surprise. About 3 years ago when I went to our Vegas trade show, I was really surprised at the intensity of the independent base about that. And we really try to help. And I think people are in a much -- pharmacies are in much better position now to understand what the exposure to DIR fees could be and to manage that accordingly. So we feel that some of those things have not necessarily, in my opinion, been fair. But we've been able to help our base manage through that.

The specialty business is doing really well at the moment from a key product innovation on the manufacturer side. And if you look at our colleagues reporting, our manufacturer colleagues reporting, so much -- the growth that you're seeing in some of the larger pharma companies, it is around oncology. And we have this incredible franchise there and, in fact, had some customer wins within that segment. A lot of our customers, which we've always talked about, are the consolidators, that are the acquirers. 
So we're seeing some important macro trends pertinent to AmerisourceBergen that Jim referenced within our specialty distribution business. And it's hard to exactly gauge our market share because of the data -- access to good data. But we think that our distribution market share could have gone up a bit there -- I think invariably it has because of the growth of our customer base. 
And as far as that actual Part B goes, we don't think the reimbursement is really fair right now. I think a lot of the oncologists I've talked to really rely on their commercial base. We hope that there could be some changes, there could be beneficial, maybe more around fees. And there's some skepticism about the sustainability of those fees. But really, these are nothing that is new that we are overly concerned about as far as Part B. 
I think what is a positive is that particularly commercial payers and, hopefully, Medicare understand the important role that community oncologists play with patients. And the other trend we're seeing is that more Part Bs in -- more Part Bs drugs in important areas like ophthalmology, urology, et cetera that is another positive trend. And that's why we highlighted the strength and access of our Besse Medical business. So hopefully, that answers your question. And we'll take the next...

No. So James, no, we didn't -- we don't give that specific guidance for a business within our other sector. But we did have an outstanding year, a very high-growth year in 2018 World Courier. And when a business has 2 or 3 back-to-back very strong growth years, we were pleased with the brand they've put and they continue to hit their internal milestones, and more importantly provide very important services to their manufacturer partners. So we couldn't be happier with the business. It's an international business that's been a really strong success for us. 
And we have high confidence in the management there. We've made strong internal investments. It's a complex business for us to run and operate in 50 countries. And a lot of the value add that ABC has done there, if you look back over a long time, has been strengthening the internal controls, the financials, really helping them with how you cross contracts out. We think that it was always a good business. We've added a lot in terms of management, expanded the services and helped just manage and inform the business data. So I think it's a great case study within ABC for what is a successful acquisition.

Yes. On WBAD, I think we have a very -- the relationship really works because of the strength of the data and the sources that we have between Walgreens, Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen and also has been further strengthen our key partners, especially Express Scripts but also an institutional pharmacy partner like PharMerica. So we feel like it's really well positioned. When we -- we are painfully aware of generic deflation and brand inflation and the growth of specialty. 
So when you look at the $160 billion in revenues and the planned profits, the contemplation of a lower contribution from WBAD is definitely something we thought about in our fiscal year '19 planning. And we'll continue to think about it. So the sourcing component is very important. We think the model's been very successful, of course, you know, others sort of copied it. But the original stakeholders that we have in the -- the original stakeholders that we have are very powerful, informed stakeholders and good partners to have. So I hope -- I'm getting that the time is actually up. So I'll turn that to Bennett.

Thank you, Jim. I hope that someday, people will think of me as a senior spokesperson, but I'm not ready for that yet. But honestly, as I sit here today, we had a fabulous quarter. We're proud of the results we had. But if I think about the requirements to do what AmerisourceBergen does, I'm more confident than ever in our value proposition. And the services that we provide continue to grow in scale, in quality, in magnitude. And that's really both upstream and downstream. And I feel that they are critical to health and outcomes and management of our key customers, whether they're in the pharmaceutical space, but also to facilitate patient access to care. 
So you mentioned 25 years, Jim, but really since our merger in 2001, if you look at the company that we've built, the key cultural aspects of people, the relationships that we've built, the differentiated services and solutions portfolio, the businesses that we've acquired and the strong financial flexibility we have, probably the most financial flexibility we've ever had in our future, I just feel very confident that we can successfully navigate the complexity of the U.S. health care system and deliver long-term shareholder value.
So thank you for listening. I thought the quality of the questions today was excellent from our sell-side community. I appreciate your interest in AmerisourceBergen today. Thank you.