Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. I'm pleased to discuss AmerisourceBergen's solid first quarter fiscal 2019 performance; our role in the supply chain; both new value-creation opportunities and ongoing responsibilities; and finally, our company's strong position for long-term growth and shareholder value creation.
First, our quarterly financial performance. Revenues were up an impressive 12% to $45.4 billion for the quarter. And our adjusted diluted EPS was $1.60 for the first quarter, an increase of 3% compared to the previous fiscal year period. As we lapped the last significant quarterly contribution from PharMEDium, it is important to highlight the strong results from our core Pharmaceutical Distribution businesses. The continued execution by these businesses that are supporting growth of our customers and delivering strong performance within specialty distribution, along with share buybacks and tax reform, have helped offset the headwind caused by PharMEDium over these past 4 quarters. We are extremely proud of the strong start of fiscal 2019 and recognize that this success would not have been possible without the hard work of our dedicated associates. I personally want to thank our 21,000 associates who every day are driving this performance and maintaining a high-impact culture that unlocks expertise and facilitates collaboration with our customers, partners and fellow colleagues.
As I mentioned, the Pharmaceutical Distribution segment executed extremely well despite the ongoing challenges at PharMEDium. The segment's double-digit year-over-year revenue growth reflects several key successes. First, our relentless focus on execution in an evolving and dynamic marketplace. Deepening relationships with our partners, providing the solutions they need and enabling patient access to pharmaceuticals wherever and whenever they need them.
Next, our market-leading specialty distribution franchise of oncology and physician-administered products continues to perform exceptionally well. Our deep expertise in specialty distribution and comprehensive offering of services and solutions both over the last several decades continues to power community-based providers to best service their patients while enhancing their ability to maximize business performance.
Finally, we have had great success growing volumes with existing customers. We believe that our portfolio of fast-growing customers is a key differentiator, and we are continuously seeking new ways to unlock value for our partners.
With regards to PharMEDium. We are disappointed with where we are but are actively working to resolve the challenges. First, we have continued to communicate with regulators regarding potential resolutions. As those discussions continue, we are in the midst of conducting a comprehensive strategic and financial review of the PharMEDium business. Our approach is both thoughtful and decisive. In fact, we have already engaged with a new CGMP expert consulting firm to support remediation efforts and enhancements across the entire PharMEDium business. In addition, we have begun a workforce reorganization to appropriately position the business to execute once remediation is complete. Jim will provide more details in his comments. However, I want to reiterate that PharMEDium's focus remains on patient safety and delivering the safest and highest-quality products. The strategic and financial review of the business will be all encompassing and could result in further investment, other business optimization activities or even a potential sale of the business. AmerisourceBergen will ensure that decisions made from this review consider both the needs of PharMEDium customers and what is best for AmerisourceBergen and its shareholders.
It's important to take a step back and appreciate the overall strength of AmerisourceBergen's core Pharmaceutical Distribution businesses, which has helped to offset the financial headwind from PharMEDium during the same period. I'm extremely proud of our core distribution team's outstanding performance and want to personally recognize the operational excellence, best-in-class expertise, tenacity and relentless focus on customer experience. AmerisourceBergen is executing, innovating and supporting customer growth, and we continue to find new ways to expand upon our robust and pharmaceutical-centered value proposition to create additional value for our customers and partners.
Specific to manufacturers, our value proposition includes services that support enhanced access for pharmaceutical commercialization in companion and production animal health products through our global commercialization services and animal health group reported as Other. As a group, during the first quarter, these businesses achieved high single-digit year-over-year revenue growth, led by the standout performance of World Courier. As a leader in global specialty logistics, World Courier continues to achieve double-digit growth by delivering high tech logistics services and enhancing the customer experience with new offerings and technology improvements.
Beyond World Courier, 2 of our other specialty commercialization services businesses serving customers outside the U.S. with operations in both Brazil and Canada posted solid performances. The focus of these businesses on delivering differentiated services is showing promising results. This quarter in particular, AmerisourceBergen Consulting Services benefited from strong performances in our Canadian operations while also making good progress at Lash Group.
Turning back to Lash. Customer launches on to the game-changing Fusion platform continue to advance. Lash has also successfully extended key customer relationships, providing a stable and growing base of customer partnerships that position the business well for the long term.
Finally, MWI expanded its relationship with our key animal health anchor customer, adding to its corporate account customer base, demonstrating another example of our ability to deepen relationships with strategic partners throughout AmerisourceBergen.
As an enabler of access and greater efficiencies, AmerisourceBergen plays an important role in the supply chain, unlocking value for our partners and customers and delivering on our purpose to create healthier futures. AmerisourceBergen delivers complex logistics and financial services, driving cost efficiency within the health care supply chain and expanding patient access to vital pharmaceuticals.
Our focus on innovation and efficiency, together with scale, security and capital we provide, enable us to facilitate a broad range of functions that are crucial to multiple players within the ever-evolving U.S. health care supply chain. Over the past few months, there have been discussions in the U.S. regarding limitations around the ability of patients to realize the benefits of net prices for pharmaceuticals that are negotiated on their behalf. AmerisourceBergen is, at its core, a health care solutions provider. As we look into the future, we believe there could be an opportunity for AmerisourceBergen and the distribution industry as a whole to help facilitate a possible solution for patient access to pharmaceuticals at the negotiated net prices.
Let me explain. The U.S. pharmaceutical distribution industry possesses the fundamental tools and relationships to possibly facilitate patient access to discounted or net price pharmaceuticals at the pharmacy counter given our unique positioning in the supply chain as a physical link between manufacturers and pharmacies and ultimately patients. In fact, AmerisourceBergen and our peers have a long history of managing net price adjudication in health systems and alternate care settings. Every day, AmerisourceBergen provides the financial services to health systems and manufacturers that allow for patient -- for provider access to pharmaceuticals at the negotiated net prices based on their agreements with manufacturers. And we execute hundreds of millions of these transactions annually. Given the strength of our business strategy and ability to be a driver of all solutions, AmerisourceBergen believes similar processes could be utilized for adjudicating negotiated discounts in other settings, most notably retail pharmacy.
Certainly, this added service for the health care system would require time and investment. However, we are confident in both our value proposition and the industry's ability to work together with policymakers and commercial partners to further enable access and create additional efficiencies within the supply chain.
This opportunity demonstrates one of the many ways AmerisourceBergen can employ our unique strength and ability to increase efficiency and create additional value for manufacturers, payers, the U.S. health care system and, most importantly, patients.
At AmerisourceBergen, we believe our responsibility to create healthier futures extends to social issues such as engaging and mobilizing to help address the opioid epidemic, a crisis that is facing all of us in the health care industry and in our country. AmerisourceBergen's role in the supply chain is one of the logistics provider and distributor. We are responsible for getting FDA-approved drugs from pharmaceutical manufacturers to DEA and state-registered pharmacies that dispense them based on prescriptions by licensed health care providers. Notably, as the logistics provider and distributor, we do not have access to patient information and we are not qualified to interfere with the very personal clinical decisions made between patients and their physicians.
We take our role in the supply chain very seriously. We have adhered to all monitoring and reporting requirements and provided daily reports to the DEA of all controlled substances shipped to our customers, including opioid-based medications. We proactively stop suspicious orders using algorithm and data analytics tools to identify orders of interest and to stop shipment of suspicious orders. We partner with our Good Neighbor Pharmacy network, Walgreens and others, on safe drug disposal programs.
On the philanthropic side, AmerisourceBergen Foundation works closely with other foundations and organizations to educate patients and support programs to help combat the crisis.
Finally, AmerisourceBergen remains engaged. Our board, our management team and all our 21,000 associates know that the opioid epidemic is a top priority that we must work collectively to address. We all continue to work -- we are continuing to work to combat the crisis while defending ourselves against litigation and being responsible stewards of shareholders' capital.
In closing, AmerisourceBergen provides connectivity for stakeholders throughout the health care system. And whether the themes are efficiency, effective use of data, transparency, new ways to support value-based care or the widening role of specialty medicine and precision medicine, AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to continue playing an integral role in helping our partners in what is certain to be an exciting future.
We have a clearly defined strategic focus on the U.S. pharmaceutical market where we continue to see growth, strong patient demographic, significant value capture from increased pharmaceutical utilization and a focus on delivering the best patient care. Health care is a critical, integral part of the economy, and pharmaceuticals clearly represent the most efficient form of patient care. AmerisourceBergen is a trusted partner that helps enable success with our stakeholders, both large and small, to deliver care in what is a complex health care market. We are intensely focused on the problems or opportunities our customers have in their business and respond by modifying, enhancing or investing in our offerings to meet the different needs of manufacturers and providers. We remain confident in our ability to execute, evolve and transform our business to meet the needs of our customers, drive value for our stakeholders and ultimately serve patients. More than ever, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth discussion of our quarterly financial results and our financial guidance update for fiscal 2019. Jim?

Bob, thanks for the question. We manage so many contracts. And we primarily manage them in the health systems and alternate site area, institutional settings. But the areas that we could really manage a more representative net price through the contract system, at the pharmacy counter. And it's really a system, so there's a lot of investment that would be required as we load individual managed care contracts. But we think that, that could be a simple remedy. The infrastructure exists, the resources, the expertise exists to do that. And we hear about all the setbacks that are counted. I mean, most recently, the insulin patients that we think that, that would really help the image of the industry and the understanding and make it more comprehensive and explainable to various stakeholders. So we try to -- we are a health care logistics and solutions provider. We think that this would be highly consistent with that role, without taking away from the very important role that others do, including negotiating what that net price should be. That's not our role.

We're happy with the quarter. I think that we drove some value from a really strong revenue growth, primarily coming from [ white ] segments, including our core customers. We only have 5% of our contracts that are really subject to -- we look at the amount that we earn from fee-from-service and then the amount that we earn from brand inflation. And that amount has been coming down for years. And it's another headwind that we have to deal with, but it's now at 5%. So it's not within the range of other headwinds that we could potentially face. And it is a legitimate discussion to be had. And we often benefit from consolidation often -- from consolidation on the manufacturer side. This is not -- it's usually not a negative event for us because I think it's well understood that the value we represent is fair. So sometimes, we're having companies that are really strong, that are really good users of our commercialization services that are acquiring others or where we have a stronger fee-for-service agreement in place, and we were able to retain the elements of that. And if we have a weaker fee-for-service with the acquirer, we also have done a good job of making the new enterprise aware of why our agreements are market based and fair. So our group that negotiates these fee-for-service contracts is sort of one of the unsung heroes of AmerisourceBergen and the industry. They do a really good job. And I think we have constructive discussions around value and what do we represent in the channel. The services that are also in the first part of your question, to me, are very exciting because it could represent a whole new fee-for-service element for us as we do that very real work of loading our managed care contracts at the pharmacy levels. So I think that could be an exciting new dimension for AmerisourceBergen.

Yes. Just to end the PharMEDium discussion, we've always saw this as under 10% of AmerisourceBergen's profit at its peak. We've said that to you in the past. So probably -- I think there's so many other important things to talk about with AmerisourceBergen and our performance in our segments. So we've probably said as much as we want to say on PharMEDium. Clearly, we will be judged by the success of the remediation and our ability to get back in good stead with regulators. So probably those of you who are asking questions, we're probably done on the subject for the moment until next...

We -- thanks for the question. We're very proud of the performance of our Pharma Distribution. I think our customers growth and volume speak for themselves. The market is healthy. We had some trends that the next quarter is obviously generally our largest reporting earnings quarter. And we see no reason that, that should discontinue. Brand and generics -- brand inflation was probably modest, where we expected it, maybe a little bit softer than last year, for sure. And we wouldn't be surprised if those trends continue given the political pressure that there is on brand prices. And I think that the lack of understanding about the gross versus net price issue, which there was actually a good article published in the Wall Street Journal this week on that, so we feel good about that. On generic deflation, we heard a lot of pronouncements at the JPMorgan conference about that turning. It's still fairly high. Generic deflation is still mid to high single digits. And we haven't called that out anymore because we've now had several years of that, and we're talking about that as a trend. So we're thriving in this environment. We're doing well. We're reporting good numbers. We have a stable customer base. And we expect to be able to continue to report along the lines of what our guidance has been. And we'll start working in the next couple of months on our fiscal year '20 plan and hope to be able to share those updates as they -- as we make progress with you. So I think that answers your question. Jim, do you have anything different?

No. Eric, great question. And you're right, 5 or 6 years ago, that would have been more so -- even more so because 5 or 6 years ago, the increases were more profound. But we have this very bilateral, transparent relationships on inventory levels with the overwhelming majority of our manufacturers. So no, it doesn't. And I think we did see some of this, and it was more around an indication of what would be happening around January. So that was helpful to us, but no real positive financial impact on that.

Yes. Everyone, well, thank you. I certainly -- Jim and myself and the rest of the management team, we certainly take responsibility for PharMEDium, which we're not trying to avoid any discussions. We just wanted to be proportional. And we recognize it's an overhang to our results. And we really also would appreciate you focusing on the overall strength of AmerisourceBergen's core businesses. For example, resumption to growth and profitability, strong profitability at Lash and other areas, including our international development. But our core business has scale, efficiency, value for partnerships. We're a channel. We tried to point out new areas where the channel could be of great value to our manufacturer partners and all stakeholders. Our leadership in specialty, which is almost 2 decades now, continues to be strong and innovative. And we have -- finally, we have a very strong balance sheet where we've been excellent stewards of shareholders' capital. So we leave you with the thought that AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to continue to create shareholder value. And thank you for your time and attention today. Goodbye.