Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. Today, I am pleased to discuss AmerisourceBergen's strong fiscal 2020 first quarter results. We delivered solid performance across both the Pharmaceutical Distribution and Global Commercialization Services and Animal Health groups, each delivering year-over-year growth in the first quarter. 
Revenues were up 5% to $48 billion for the quarter and our adjusted diluted EPS was $1.76 for the first quarter, an increase of 10% compared to the previous fiscal year period. Before we provide more details on our first quarter results, I want to take a few moments to discuss the ongoing opioid litigation and the decision to exit the PharMEDium business. AmerisourceBergen and the other parties continue the complex process of working towards a global resolution of the opioid litigation, while also continuing to prepare for upcoming trials. We are hopeful that the necessary parties understand and see the merits of the global framework as a practical path for global resolution. 
As we engage in discussions related to the global framework and continue to litigate, we are unable to comment deeply on these matters at this time. AmerisourceBergen remains committed to transparency and providing shareholders with updates as we are able. 
Moving on to PharMEDium. At this point last year, we detailed how we had begun a comprehensive strategic and financial review of PharMEDium and engaged a new cGMP expert consulting firm to work with the business' new seasoned leadership team. As we stated at that time, we entered this review phase with a focus on pursuing a thoughtful and decisive course of action that was best for AmerisourceBergen and our shareholders, while respecting both the needs of our customers and other stakeholders. 
Over the past year, we worked internally to optimize the business, continued discussions with regulators and reached an agreement on the terms of a consent decree for PharMEDium, with the FDA focused on remediating the business. Despite this progress, we still face considerable challenges in order to successfully move the business forward, including ongoing regulatory challenges, continued operational issues, inability to make sufficient progress on remediation and the continued financial burden of running the business. 
Given these factors, we've made a difficult decision to shut down and exit the PharMEDium business. The decision is a difficult one, and we are mindful of the impact it has on our associates and customers. We want to thank all PharMEDium associates for their dedication, and we are appreciative of their efforts. As part of the shutdown process, we will provide impacted associates with the support and services they need. We are also disappointed that PharMEDium will no longer be able to serve its customers but believe exiting the business is the appropriate path forward for AmerisourceBergen and its shareholders. Jim will provide financial details, including the decision's impact on fiscal 2020 guidance later in the call. 
Turning now to our first quarter results. AmerisourceBergen continues to benefit from our unique pharmaceutical center strategy that positions us well within the U.S. market. Additionally, the company's core strength and capabilities regarding our unrivaled talent, expertise and ability to provide comprehensive solutions continues to differentiate us from our peers. I want to thank our associates for their dedication, executional excellence and focus on consistently creating and delivering value for all of our stakeholders. I am proud to work alongside our teams who remain relentless in their pursuit of opportunities to unlock value for pharmaceutical manufacturers, health care providers and the patients they serve. 
Within Pharmaceutical Distribution Services, the segment's success reflects this continued focus on customer experience, in addition to our ongoing strength in specialty distribution and overall growth in customer volumes. AmerisourceBergen is the leader in specialty distribution, and our strong growth continues to be fueled by our deep expertise and key customer relationships, on organically growing market with favorable demographics and increased pharmaceutical utilization, resulting from innovation within specialty, particularly in the areas of oncology, ophthalmology and rheumatology. In these and other therapeutic categories, AmerisourceBergen continues to deliver value and provide differentiated services and solutions to key customer segments, such as our community physician practice partners. A key differentiator for our specialty business, our ION GPO remains a competitive advantage in our suite of offerings to oncology physician practices. 
As the market-leading GPO for community oncologists, ION provides physicians with the contracting, analytics and business practice solutions they need to run their practices more efficiently and profitably. At the same time, we continue to see positive early signs for biosimilar utilization. We believe that the right conditions exist in the U.S. for increasing biosimilar commercialization success. We continue to see signs that legislated and commercial plans are recognizing the potential of biosimilars to create better access and affordability for patients. AmerisourceBergen's market-leading position in specialty strongly positions us to benefit from biosimilars. We've aligned ourselves with key customers, and biosimilar manufacturers understand the value of contracting with ION as they seek to increase utilization of their products. 
These elements, combined with our scale, efficiency, state-of-the-art distribution network and competitive sourcing capabilities position AmerisourceBergen to capitalize on market opportunities. AmerisourceBergen is also well positioned to seize market opportunities in animal health and pharmaceutical manufacturer services through our Global Commercialization Services and Animal Health Group, businesses that comprise approximately 20% of AmerisourceBergen's operating income. Our largest business in this segment, MWI, is a market leader in animal health solutions, with the right strategic partnerships and capabilities to enhance operational efficiencies and deliver strong customer experience while our portfolio of global commercialization services strengthens health outcomes by supporting pharmaceutical innovation with data-driven solutions that advance and support patient access and adherence through therapy. 
For example, Xcenda's health economics consulting and field tech team reimbursement support services are helping manufacturers maximize market access for products while the Lash Group's technology-enabled patient access and adherence solutions are helping to reduce barriers for patients to stay -- start and stay on therapy. 
Essential to pharmaceutical manufacturers' ability to commercialize and improve access to innovative therapies is ability to transport trial products and unique patient treatment like cell and gene therapies on time and at the right temperature. World Courier, the global market leader in specialty and clinical trial logistics, is a trusted solutions partner that services these complex needs for manufacturers around the world. Operating in over 50 countries, this highly differentiated and innovative business continues to grow and expand. This business delivered unparalleled service offerings for its pharmaceutical partners in clinical trial logistics and commercial services. 
For example, World Courier's Cocoon offering is the industry's most dependable and cost-effective refrigerated container solution, providing unprecedented reliability and driving strong momentum for the business this year. In addition, World Courier's NOVA technology platform further improves operational excellence, scaling to meet the demand and complex requirements of our global customers. 
Looking ahead, World Courier will continue to design and deploy patient-centric and forward-thinking transport services in new areas like in home clinical trials, making treatments in patients' home possible in virtually every therapeutic area. I am proud of AmerisourceBergen's role as the global health care solutions leader and purpose-driven organization. We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures and recognize that there is always a patient connected to every product. Pharmaceutical care is still the most efficient form of health care, and medication adherence provides positive health benefits for patients while saving lives and the health care systems hundreds of billions of dollars annually. 
Adherence should be the goal for which all health care stakeholders are striving. As an enabler of access and creator of additional efficiencies, AmerisourceBergen will continue to engage in constructive dialogue around benefit design and rising out-of-pocket costs for patients and the sustainability and efficiency of the health care system. 
As a leader in the health care supply chain, AmerisourceBergen remains well positioned to create sustained long-term value. Execution of our 4 key strategic pillars, strong customer base, leadership in specialty distribution and services, innovative services and solutions, and proven corporate stewardship, positions us well to benefit from market trends, with an evolving market landscape. 
As we move further into fiscal 2020, we will continue to advance our talent and culture and execute on our unique and differentiated business strategy. More than ever, we remain confident in our growth strategy, focused on execution and dedicated to delivering long-term value for our associates, shareholders, partners, customers and the patients they serve. 
Thank you, again, for your interest in AmerisourceBergen. I will now turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our first quarter fiscal 2020 results. Jim?

Bob, I'll start with the PharMEDium question. Obviously, a disappointing day for ABC, but I think that Jim's script was excellent. And by the way, I apologize to everyone. I think the quality of the sound was not quite what we would hope, and we'll endeavor to do better next time. But I think Jim's comments were excellent. You can see from the financial disclosures, we've displayed a lot of perseverance with this business. And it's just -- I think the 503B changes have made it very difficult to scale the business and get to the sort of consistent quality that we, AmerisourceBergen, would like to deliver to our customers. And we've continued to experience ongoing regulatory challenges and challenges with the remediation program we put in place. We announced on this call that our New Jersey facility recently had a close. And so we really went into this year with an attitude of wanting to protect our profits for our shareholders and other stakeholders. And we had a lot of, I think, perseverance with this business. And I think that we have reached this decision, and we think that given where the business is, it would be very difficult to enter into a sales process. We have certainly been in close communication with the FDA throughout the consent decree negotiation and the consent decree implementation. We think that we've approached this as a good stakeholder. We'd certainly regard regulators as a stakeholder. And we'll work collaboratively and transparently with them and professionally with them through the closure. Jim, you want to answer the second part of the question?

I'd say this is our #2 concern in specialty. Our #1 concern is physician reimbursement and making sure that those community sites can continue to serve patients in the community setting. Manufacturers are obviously another key stakeholder, but they're large. They're sophisticated. And I think that there'll be some very legitimate conversations. And in fact, often, when these conversations start, actions change in the marketplace in anticipation of those changes. And I think you're seeing some changes. You're seeing very moderate inflation. In fact, on the Part B products, there's always been moderate inflation because of the ASP reimbursement.
So if it is international reference pricing, as we discussed it in January, so I hope that it will be a thoughtful transition that it'll give manufacturers time to adjust. I think that a lot of the noise is not actually factual. The price differentials are not quite as high as one would have you believe. And sometimes, people tend to take thicker prices, and there are a lot of things that go behind our wholesale acquisition cost and ASP with commercial payers that aren't always recognized. And one thing as well with government and single-payer systems, the price gets negotiated upfront, and then there's no changes. So that's one of the nuances that are different in the U.S. system. 
So a complex topic. You can hear that even at the CFO level, I'm very engaged and just very passionate about it. I saw the Head of our Government Affairs office yesterday. We're talking about it. Barry Fortner, who heads up our physician services business, is in Washington. Constantly, our business, ION, as you can imagine, is very involved with practice management. So we are going to be a part of the discussion. And we look forward to participating in any changes and hope that they are sensible and logical in the context of Part B reimbursement.

I feel like we're going back to the '90s. It's -- with the Medicare Modernization Act. At the time, I think there was great anticipation that ABC, with our suite of businesses, would participate -- and actually, it was in 2000, so Bush's administration. But -- and there was no economically feasible way for us to participate. And I tell you, we brought in people, especially to evaluate being a cap provider, mainly to ensure that our customers would be able to carry on participating. And it was just -- it was impossible to make the numbers work. We don't believe it's very efficient. We've seen a so-called white bagging and brown bagging programs, try to be implemented by different payers, more on the commercial side, and they just haven't worked. And you know, the original cap program didn't work. So there's potential wastage with these programs. We believe that the current system works very well with oncologists having the financial responsibility for the preparation of the infusions. And we'll carry on assisting with that. If there were to be a new type of a reimbursement and there was differentiated reimbursement or some sort of encouragement to move more towards the cap program, we would look to work with what are some very large, much more aggregated community oncologists. We look to work with them to provide solutions to payers and regulators.

No. We've had a very consistent capital deployment strategy. I think last year, we returned -- in fiscal year 2019, we returned $1 billion to shareholders, of which was approximately 30% dividend, 70% share buybacks. And that's approximate numbers. And we liked our financial flexibility. So our first option is to invest in the business, and we're bullish about projects like Fusion, for example. And we talked about the strong growth of World Courier, which, in part, is because of the NOVA and the Cocoon investment. So those are good investments. And in -- a couple of years ago, we were making tremendous investments with ABC order and the distribution network. So those are very good examples of core business investments. We remain interested in that. 
We are, of course -- our replenishment center in Ohio is a good example of another core investment that we're doing. So that's the first priority. We then -- we'd look at the right sort of acquisitions. Unfortunately, it's been really a sellers market. And the quality of -- I think if we found really the right asset, and the management team was convinced that we had a company with a leadership position, with the right sort of a fit for our customers and the patients and physicians that we support, I think we could be talking to paying a lot -- significantly more than our multiple because we understand that that's probably -- it's what's required in this market. But we really haven't seen the sort of asset that motivates us. It's about 2 years ago since we acquired HD Smith. It was close to $1 billion. That's worked out really, really well. 
There's not really opportunities on the regional side. So we just haven't seen great opportunities. I think you know where we invested is in the commercialization services, expansion of the MWR business. That would be something we're very interested in. We've made a couple more investments in our Brazil and Canadian businesses, where we have solid presences, management teams that we can invest behind. So those are things. And then, of course, we'll continue to be very thoughtful where we increased our dividend, we announced this morning. So you'll continue to see us be very thoughtful about returns to shareholders. So I hope that makes sense.

Charles, thanks. Just in general though, the biosimilar numbers are encouraging. I think we talked about at the end of fiscal '19 just how the growth exceed our expectations. But I would say that, that trend continues. The numbers are still small, but ABC has, we think, an important place to play in adoption of biosimilars with the market presence we have, in -- particularly in oncology and other specialty markets. Diabetes is a very important market for our good neighbor pharmacy customers because those sort of complex chronic conditions are exactly what we think community pharmacy is very well set up to, to play a role in. So definitely, we'd be interested. 
I think one of the ways that I'm really proud ABC has developed is on our sourcing side. We have, I'd say, over the last decade or so since I moved up here, we really invested a lot of resources there. We have very proficient people on the manufacturing side that really are working, I think, very competently and positioning us well for the long term to be the key player in biosimilar adoption, particularly on the injectable and infusible side. So we like what we're seeing. And it's something that we monitor very, very closely and are staying close to as you would expect. We regard it as one of the key opportunities that ABC has for the next couple of years. So thanks for the question.

Yes. And so we're seeing broad-based growth across the business. We're seeing particularly strong growth in specialty distribution but really broad-based growth in many parts of business. We have called out the Cigna volume being added to Express Scripts, which is -- we indicated that, that is approximately 1/4 of our revenue growth. And while it's inherently lower-margin business, it is positive for growing revenue and operating income dollars, but we're seeing growth in several businesses. And as you noted, we're seeing particularly good growth in our Global Commercialization Services and Animal Health business. 
And then you asked about growth if we exclude PharMEDium. And I think we've provided, Ricky, really good detail on that in our prepared remarks, that the impact on PharMEDium, if we're looking year-over-year, is a $55 million adjusted operating loss last year and this year in our adjusted results will be $20 million adjusted operating loss. And so if we look year-over-year, it is a $35 million tailwind to the business. But we are seeing, excluding that, good growth throughout our various businesses, in particular, our specialty distribution business, but throughout the business.

No. As I've said, our priorities for capital deployment are -- I detailed them. We don't feel the need to war chest at all because if you look at the framework that was announced, it was an 18-year settlement. So I think that's in anticipation of the sort of long-term characteristics of the industry for not only us but our peers and our competitors as well. So that's -- again, that's the proposed framework, but that's the sort of framework that we'd be interested in. So it's a sort of -- have really played it out over the long term, which also has the benefit of providing consistent support for the patient services that we think will be needed to, to transition population health management for this crisis. So in a way, if you want to call it that. So no. It's not -- we don't feel the need at all. It is a lot of cash in absolute terms. In relative terms, it's relative to a couple of hundred million dollars a day in sales. It's not that much, and some of it is out the country. And it is a tremendous seasonality in our business as well. So we like being in a strong cash position. But again, we are mindful of fair returns to our shareholders and the internal and external opportunities that may be in the marketplace. 
So with that, I think we are going to close this first quarter call, and we appreciate your interest in AmerisourceBergen. I must say that this is probably the most difficult decision that we have made since I became CEO almost 9 years ago, and the management team has really tried to persevere with this business, but it's -- and it's been a very difficult decision. And we are, of course, especially conscious of the impact on our customers and our associates who we are committed to treating with the utmost respect and transparency and dignity. So -- but I think it's incumbent on us to talk about the key strengths and the key differentiators of AmerisourceBergen, which remain unchanged as, I think, Jim commented on so well in his remarks. So as we stand here today, commercially, we have extremely strong customer relationships, partnerships and leadership in key markets and services. Culturally, we are a purpose-driven organization that feels united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. And AmerisourceBergen, I can assure you, is focused on creating long-term growth and value for all its stakeholders. And again, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. Have a good day. Bye.