Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on the call. Today, we will focus our remarks on the exceptional progress that AmerisourceBergen team has made on our strategic priorities during fiscal 2021, and how we will capitalize on that momentum to continue executing and innovating in fiscal 2022.
Before I begin, I want to take a moment to comment on the distribution industry's recent milestone regarding the proposed settlement agreement to address opioid-related claims of U.S. State Attorney Generals and political scout divisions in participating states. Throughout the litigation process, we have been consistent in stating our desire to addressing the enormity of the opioid challenge by bringing solutions to the table. 
If the industry's proposed agreement and settlement process leads to a final settlement, it would collectively provide thousands of communities across the United States with substantial financial support. Clearly, the process is in an advanced stage, and we will not comment deeply at this time. We take our role in the supply chain seriously and continue to work closely with stakeholders concerning these complex matters. AmerisourceBergen will continue to work diligently and alongside partners to combat drug diversion while supporting real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities where we live, work and serve.  
In fiscal 2021, AmerisourceBergen advanced its role as a key pillar of pharmaceutical innovation and access, as we look at our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures by supporting our partners, customers and our own team members through challenging times. As the pandemic persists, the importance of our purpose in an evolving environment and an efficient global pharmaceutical supply chain is being felt by all our stakeholders. We are proud to be able to offer our expertise, capabilities and infrastructure as part of the solution on facilitating the national distribution of COVID-19 therapies, to supporting the distribution of more than 75 million vaccines to patients in over 30 countries through our expanded global footprint. 
Our business has leveraged its position of market strength to become an increasingly vital partner of choice through differentiated solutions for our upstream and downstream customers. Our continuous investments and ongoing focus on being a strategic partner for our customers have deepened our relationships with all our stakeholders during this time of increased focus on the pharmaceutical supply chain, enhancing our position as a provider of key solutions for our customers, both big and small. We also leverage our core capabilities as a leader in pharmaceutical distribution and a differentiated provider of unique solutions for manufacturers globally and health care providers locally. 
In the U.S., we are a key partner for our community pharmacies, veterinarians and physician practices. In community pharmacy, we are particularly proud to support our Good Neighbor Pharmacy members trusted role through our innovative tools and programs that allow independent pharmacists to optimize their operations and spend the most possible time serving their patients and communities. 
In July, for the fifth year in a row and for the tenth year of the past 12 years, Good Neighbor Pharmacy network was ranked highest amongst brick-and-mortar chain drug store pharmacies by J.D. Power. 
In our Animal Health business, we support veterinarian practices in similar ways to help them manage their practices as they continue to experience increased demand for its services due to growth in pet ownership. The cherished role of pets within families and increased importance based on ensuring health and well-being of all family members. We also continue to differentiate ourselves as the leader in specialty distribution and commercialization services. This fiscal year, we launched a variety of new services and solutions, bolting upon our historic investments to further drive our leadership in specialty with our customers and orders. 
For example, through our ION and other value-added solutions, we form new partnerships that offer industry-leading technologies to specialty physician services customer practices, enabling them to be even more efficient on enhancing their ability to improve the patient experience and ultimately, outcomes.
We are also pleased to continue to support the growing adoption of biosimilar products in physician offices and community hospitals and health systems, facilitating patient access to important treatment choices, to improve their health and well-being. Internationally, we remain a leading provider of global pharmaceutical distribution services and differentiated solutions in key markets across the globe. 
Earlier, I mentioned the distribution of tens of millions of doses of the COVID-19 vaccines to patients in more than 30 countries. Through our market-leading manufacturer solutions, including our global specialty logistics and commercialization offerings, we're also facilitating direct-to-patient clinical trials and helping manufacturers around the world navigate the ever-increasing complexities of global logistics. 
Furthermore, we are leveraging our now expanded portfolio of international relationships, partnerships and solutions to facilitate patient access to the rapidly evolving landscape of new pharmaceutical technologies. As we continue to differentiate our business, we remain focused on being strategic partners with our customers as we help them achieve operational efficiencies and support growth in their businesses with innovative solutions.
In fiscal 2021, we completed a significant technology investment by bringing the specialty distribution business onto the SAP platform, which will help improve efficiency, increase flexibility and support continuity. As a global health care company, we understand and appreciate the importance of ensuring our businesses have the technology they need to support their operations and enhance their capabilities. Importantly, an increasingly critical part of our global role and responsibility is being strong corporate stewards, that is ensuring our financial health, investing in our people culture and ensuring long-term and sustainable value creation. 
In terms of our financial health, we continue to take a thoughtful and strategic approach to capital deployment that focuses on value creation and maintaining financial strength. This includes our focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit ratings, and we remain on track to delivering on our commitments to the rating agencies. 
Notably, our financial and strategic position has enabled the continued enhancement of our health care capabilities, including the acquisition of Alliance Healthcare, which we completed in June. Since then, our culturally-aligned teams have worked diligently to integrate our teams and businesses, conducting deep dive into strategically optimizing our operational and business development synergies to exploring ways to enhance the value we grade to our partners. As we are seeing through financial results and expectations, our new team members are talented, and I thank the combined AmerisourceBergen and Alliance Healthcare teams for the ongoing support of our integration efforts. 
Our financial strength also enables us to continue to invest in our people and culture. At AmerisourceBergen, we know our team members are our most valuable asset, and we are committed to inspiring them to achieve their fullest potential. Our efforts go well beyond the table space of offering market align pay, and we understand the long-term advantage of being a fair and equitable employer, who offers competitive wages at all levels. We have surveyed our team members to find out what's most valuable to them and have invested in attractive benefit programs, such as increased paid parental leave, child and dependent care, and enhanced mental health and wellness programs. 
Our team members also value a culture of flexibility, and we responded with a thoughtfully designed, new way of working that provides options for flexibility while balancing the need for in-person connection and innovation. On ensuring the safety of themselves and their loved ones during the pandemic to investing in world-class learning technology and models, we understand that it is absolutely critical that our talent is cultivated and empowered to help drive our long-term growth. Our efforts have been recognized, and we have once again been certified as a great place to work company and named a best place to work for LGBTQ equality by the Human Rights Campaign. Meaningful value can also be unlocked when individuals are empowered to bring their whole selves to work, and we embrace our collective differences. 
This year, we furthered our diversity, equity inclusion efforts with the rollout of new employee resource groups and new diverse candidate slate objectives. To further align our people strategy with our business strategy, we also introduced a new leadership competency model that will be embedded throughout all of our talent programs. 
Based on the collective feedback from team members across AmerisourceBergen, the new model focuses on developing the initial competencies aligned to 4 key business and cultural poles, diversity, equity and inclusion, collaboration, innovation and executional excellence and purpose. As a foundation for how we will recruit, engage and develop our people, this new model and the principles behind them will enable us to create value now and for the long term. 
Another aspect of our culture, one which helps ensure sustainable value creation, is our dedication to operating in a sustainable and responsible manner and to supporting healthy and resilient communities, where we live and work. During the quarter, we are proud to have become a participant of the UN Global Compact, the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative. We also held our third annual AmerisourceBergen Foundation Conference, which helps Foundation grantees connect and learn from each other and the Foundation team to help them become even more effective in their work to positively impact local communities around the world. Our continued progress in areas like ESG, diversity, equity inclusion and strategic planning are made possible by the expert oversight and guidance to our board as well as the ability of our management team to drive execution and operational excellence.
Looking ahead, our key growth pillars enable us to maintain our leading market position and to solidify our differentiated value proposition in fiscal '22 and beyond. First, we are focused on our customers. Through our unique partnership model, we formed long-term lasting relationships and integrate us operationally and enable us to provide value-added solutions that help further strengthen our ability to lead with market leaders. 
Second, we are focused on expanding on our leadership in specialty by leveraging our global reach, market-leading capabilities and ability to support rapidly accelerating and global pharmaceutical innovation, we strengthened our capabilities to support both upstream partners and downstream customers. 
Third, we are focused on execution excellence. This includes continuously investing in our business, which increases our flexibility, expands our suite of capabilities and enhances our customer experience. 
Fourth, we are focused on supporting pharmaceutical innovation around the world. With a global manufacturer services platform, we aim to be the strategic partner of choice to global manufacturers as we help them innovate, solve the complex challenges of global logistics and market access, and capture the opportunities of rapidly accelerating pharmaceutical innovation. 
Downstream, we provide data-driven insights, efficiency solutions and our unmatched scale to help optimize customer operations and support access for patients in the -- on the smallest to largest populations across all sites of care and across all classes of trade. 
And finally, our growth is supported by investments in our people, culture and all dimensions at ESG. By investing in our people and culture, we advance our most important resource. By committing to ESG, we create healthier futures around the world and unlock the added value of being a responsible and impact for enterprise, which ultimately enables a strong and healthy financial position to achieve long-term sustainable value creation for all of our stakeholders. 
AmerisourceBergen has made exceptional progress on our strategic priorities, further enhancing our differentiated value proposition and driving consistent outperformance throughout the year as we continue to capitalize on our positive momentum into fiscal 2022. We remain driven by our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. Now powered by 42,000 team members globally, we remain confident in our pharmaceutical-centric strategy and capabilities as a leader in pharmaceutical distribution services and differentiated manufacturer solutions. 
Thank you to all our team members for their inspiring dedication this year, and we look forward to a great year ahead. 
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results and to discuss fiscal '22 guidance. Jim?

We're entering '22 with all of our businesses performing very well, Lisa, and benefiting from a somewhat normal environment, but it is the innovation factor that remains. And I saw that the Merck [indiscernible], while we're on the call, the Merck got approved in the U.K., an oral. So continued innovation and it's possible that we could be working with some therapies in the future, as we have in the past, particularly in the emergency use authorization phase is where we've been successful in working on an exclusive basis. So we're happy and very -- if I look back on '21, I think of it is a year that the last deal got done and the year that we responded so well to assisting with the need for corresponding to the COVID pandemic and including keeping our people safe. So that's what I think would be the highlights. But Jim, I think you gave an exhaustive answer. So we'll probably move on to the next question, please.

Yes. Thank you for the question. So U.S. is -- I think somewhat over fixated on the cost of medications relative to overall health care spending. We've been very interested in benefit design, and we also prefer when the market creates their own solutions for problems, such as high copays for adherence products that are so detrimental to the system when a diabetic patient doesn't take the insulin. So we see some real strong benefits if we can remove some barriers that have been officially created on products like that. 
On specialty, it's a little bit too early to tell. I think we've been through many changes in reimbursement, including the change to ASP, a tremendous growth in the hospital outpatient market for specialty drugs. And the wholesalers are very resilient, and we also do believe that [indiscernible] understand the health care, pharmaceuticals are the most efficient form of health care. So there's nothing that tremendously concerns us as a business. Our concern is always with preserving innovation and making sure that our providers have a stable reimbursement environment that they can get, continue to run their businesses and take care of patients. But definitely, I think we spend a lot of time, and I'm not very interested in. Thanks for the question.

Yes. Thank you. We're tremendously proud of the benefits we're getting from the recently announced Alliance transaction, including that we have a contract with Boots, who's become a very significant customer with -- of our Alliance division through 2031. And most importantly, we extended our Walgreens contract in the U.S. through 2029. And this is such a fundamental customer for us that helps us establish such a strong base of scale and efficiency. 
And I think the teams are at a very good state where we're looking to how can we help with one and other priorities. We have these discussions with all our large customers and the need for the very large customers like Walgreens are very different than say, the independent veterinarians, the community pharmacists. But yes, for example, we're supporting WBA with their central fill initiatives, and we're looking to understand better how we can help with their strategies on the institutional side. So I just would say that the relationship is in a good place, and we still go back to that 2013 agreement as being very fundamental to the success of AmerisourceBergen over the last decade.

Thank you, operator. It's truly been an honor to spend this hour with you, highlighting a very successful 2021, which the management team is extremely proud of. We're also really proud of and appreciate of the tremendous efforts of our associates. We enter fiscal year '22 with all of our businesses performing well, and we look forward to building on the success and momentum in fiscal year '22. Thank you.