Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone joining us today. Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I want to comment on the distribution industry's recent milestone regarding the proposed settlement agreement to address opioid-related claims of U.S. state attorneys generals and political subdivisions in participating states. Throughout the litigation process, we have been consistent in stating our desire to address the normalcy of the opioid challenge by bringing solutions to the table. If the industry's proposed agreement and settlement process leads to a final settlement, it would collectively provide thousands of communities across the United States with substantial financial support. Clearly, the process is in an advanced stage, and we will not comment deeply at this time. We take our role in the supply chain seriously and continue to close with stakeholders concerning these complex matters.
AmerisourceBergen will continue to work diligently and, alongside partners, combat drug diversion while supporting real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities where we live, work and serve. 
Turning now to our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2021. AmerisourceBergen delivered yet another quarter of exceptional results driven by a high level of execution, purpose-minded team members and continued focus on delivering differentiated value. As we announced earlier this morning, we had revenues of over $53 billion representing growth of 18% from the same period last year, and we grew our adjusted EPS by 17% year-over-year. These results reflect continued strong performance across AmerisourceBergen's businesses as we capitalize on our differentiated pharmaceutical-centric value proposition and as our team successfully executes on our key strategic initiatives. This strength and execution continue to create value for our shareholders. And today, we are again raising our fiscal 2021 full year guidance, which Jim will discuss later in greater detail. 
I will focus my remarks today on the key strategic pillars that are driving our strong performance, as well as how, with the addition of Alliance Healthcare, AmerisourceBergen continues to be well positioned to create value for all our stakeholders. AmerisourceBergen remains next-minded, and we are focused on continuing to enhance our ability to provide global healthcare solutions as we support pharmaceutical innovation and access, both in the United States and internationally. 
In the United States, our Pharmaceutical Distribution business continues to benefit from our industry-leading customer relationships, our leadership in specialty distribution and commercialization services and strong end market trends, including an earlier than expected return to pre-COVID prescription utilization trends in the June quarter. Our leading customer base includes our Good Neighbor Pharmacy and Elevate Provider Network members. They are proving daily that community pharmacies are at the forefront of providing quality and equitable care and maintaining deep levels of trust with their patients and communities. 
In fact, for the fifth year in a row, Good Neighbor Pharmacy was ranked highest amongst brick-and-mortar chain drug store pharmacies by J.D. Power. This is the tenth time we have received that honor in the past 12 years, and it is a testament to community awareness of the value of the quality care and experience patients receive at GNP member pharmacies. We held our annual Thoughtspot Conference last week, and I was touched and inspired by the stories that our members shared through the entrepreneurship, expertise and deep community roots, community pharmacies prove that they do more than just [ draw ] prescriptions. They are critical promoters of health equity across the U.S., often driving above and beyond to provide holistic care and health education at the local level, particularly in under-resourced communities. 
Since beginning of the pandemic, community pharmacies have stepped up fearlessly to meet the unprecedented challenges of a global health crisis and show the world why community pharmacies are integral to our communities. 
The value proposition of community-based care has never been clearer. Another relevant example is on the animal side. The growth in pet ownership has increased demand for our veterinarian customers as pets are a cherished part of the family and the care a veterinarian provides is valued. This positive trend over the last year has long-term benefits for our business as MWI is well positioned with key anchor customers and services. 
On the human health side, access to local trusted expertise care remains vital, particularly for those dealing with complex health challenges that bring them into the care of specialty physician providers. 
As I've said from the onset of the pandemic, we are conscious of the negative impact that restricted measures have on patients when they have less access to screenings and tests that help doctors identify serious health issues. This has particularly impacted patients who are used to a doctor or health care facility. But now our customers have begun to see a normalization in new patient trends. And as a result, patients are more effectively being diagnosed and gaining access to treatment. This is a clear positive for patient care. 
As the leading provider of specialty distribution and commercialization services, we will continue to play our role in supporting pharmaceutical innovation and access as patients visit volumes continues to normalize. Our specialty physician services business had strong performance this quarter and continues to differentiate AmerisourceBergen with leading value-added services, such as those through our physician GPOs. Additionally, bio centers continue to be a positive for our customers, our business and the healthcare system overall as they provide room for new innovative products to come to market. 
The innovations in CAR T and cell and gene therapies and the potential applications of the new mRNA technology offers the medical community new potential tools in the treatment of serious diseases that previously alluded truly effective care. AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to support all these innovations through our specialty distribution and manufacturer services offerings. Our unique ability to provide value-added expertise in conjunction with innovative solutions and quality service enhance our partnerships and grow our business. 
With strong partnerships, relationships and a leading portfolio of solutions to support a wide pipeline of practices and products, AmerisourceBergen is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the market opportunities provided by global pharmaceutical innovation as we drive growth in our business and help our partners tackle some of the most critical challenges based in healthcare. 
We have a strong foundation in place across our businesses. And in June, we took another significant step forward by closing the Alliance Healthcare transaction and welcoming their talented team to the AmerisourceBergen family. The acquisition of Alliance Healthcare is the next evolution of enhancing our ability to provide innovative and global healthcare solutions and is a critical component to our future success. 
Alliance Healthcare is a strong and diversified pharmaceutical distribution and manufacturer services company with leading market positions across an attractive portfolio of both established European markets and high-growth emerging markets. 
In addition to their traditional wholesale business, Alliance Healthcare operates a range of leading higher-margin innovation businesses serving both upstream partners and downstream customers. The acquisition of Alliance Healthcare extends our distribution reach built by our market-leading services capabilities and expands on our key differentiators. 
Specifically, AmerisourceBergen's leading portfolio of key anchor customers now includes a long-term relationship with Boots in the U.K. and a network of independent pharmacies across Europe through the Alphega pharmacy network. Since the completion of the transaction, we have gotten the chance to know about the business and the people and Alliance Healthcare better, and we remain very positive about the opportunity that this landmark achievement provides AmerisourceBergen as we are positioned for a differentiated global growth platform. This includes our dedication to further strengthen our portfolio of solutions and customer relationships to lead with market leaders in every segment and to supporting patient access wherever a prescription is needed. 
Second, AmerisourceBergen's leadership in specialty is further enhanced with key commercialization services in new markets. By leveraging the expertise and capabilities of our World Courier business, along with Alliance's Alloga and Alcura, we elevate our ability to be a differentiated solution provider for global manufacturers as they develop and commercialize pharmaceuticals around the world. This is complementary to the solutions that we provide at World Courier, which continues to play a key role of providing global specialty logistics through growth traditional commercial offerings and direct-to-patient clinical trial capabilities. We remain dedicated to expanding on our leadership in specialty and to enhancing our capabilities to support global pharmaceutical innovation. 
Third, AmerisourceBergen focuses on delivering best-in-class services and efficiency, and this transaction enhances our ability to develop innovation solutions that are fundamental to our success operationally and commercially. Our innovative mindset means that we embrace the advanced technologies, data and analytics, and now we can further support positive outcomes through our expanded global platform. 
This fiscal quarter, we were selected as the industry leader award winner at the 2021 SAP Innovation Awards for our work in developing SAP Advanced Track and Trace for Pharmaceuticals. This technology tracks millions of daily shipments at the batch level and further strengthens the pharmaceutical supply chain in the U.S. 
The value of a resilient and sustainable global pharmaceutical supply chain is vital and the ability to support pharmaceutical innovation to a global footprint with broad leadership and local expertise provide differentiated value for our partners. AmerisourceBergen stakeholders recognize the value we create, the importance of our purpose and the critical nature of the service and the infrastructure that we provide. 
Fourth, AmerisourceBergen continues to build upon our history of corporate stewardship, which focuses on advancing our people and culture, protecting the company's financial health and ensuring the long-term sustainable value creation. 
With Alliance Healthcare, we are now an even more global [indiscernible] company, and we are committed more than ever to advancing the value of our talent and culture. Over the past year, we have invested in enhancing our talent and diversity and inclusion strategies to enable more growth opportunities within our increasingly inclusive workplace. We recently launched our executive leadership initiative to accelerate the advancement and ongoing success of high potential black, Hispanic and Latinx team members at the mid and senior levels, addressing the most pronounced leadership and representation gaps identified over the last several months, following best-in-class research-based approaches. 
In the future, we plan to provide dedicated development opportunities for high-potential employees of additional underrepresented groups. Investing in our leadership development and talent and culture is important to our long-term sustainable growth, which is supported by diverse and inclusive teams. This focus is important to ensuring we capture the value of our collective differences and reflect our social commitment as we continue to strategically focus on delivering on all elements of ESG. Our ESG strategy is foundational to AmerisourceBergen, our leadership, our Board and our people. Recently, AmerisourceBergen joined the Science-based Targets initiative as we continue to line our business with best practice organizations around the world. At the local level, we continue to be deeply committed to our communities. 
This past year, we launched myCommunityImpact, Matching Gifts and Dollars for Doers Program, and we recently made it available to all global employees. Our philanthropic efforts have been recognized by DiversityInc, ranking us 8th in their annual 50 [ list ] in philanthropy rankings. 
As I closed my prepared remarks today, I remain truly inspired by the commitment and performance of our team members who are now numbering 41,000. With their unwavering passion and support, AmerisourceBergen is well positioned to capitalize on our global footprint to provide leading pharmaceutical distribution services and to leverage our expertise as an innovative commercialization services provider internationally. 
We remain confident in our pharmaceutical-centric strategy, our capabilities as partner of choice with market-leading manufacturer services and our role in continuing the acceleration of pharmaceutical innovation. 
By providing differentiated value to our stakeholders, focusing on our customers, expanding on our leadership in specialty and executing, innovating and supporting pharmaceutical innovation globally, we are well positioned to create long-term stakeholder value as we remain united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. 
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our results and updated financial guidance. Jim?

Ricky, so biosimilars -- AmerisourceBergen is proud of the role that we've played in being a really early promotor of biosimilars for patient choice and affordability. It's a clear opportunity for us. Part B is the most impactful for us, especially in oncology with now 40% share for Avastin and Herceptin among other key products. What's interesting, of course, in oncology is the well-developed portfolio, services we have through our ION GPO and the strong access we have to community oncology practices and leaders. Also biosimilars, we pointed out, is a positive driver for our services businesses including Lash and Xcenda, where we focus on patient access, home economics and [ hearing ] solutions. 
Biosimilars are also becoming more positive in the health systems area. So I just noted and talked about the first interchangeable product. That isn't a Part B product. It's in an important therapeutic area, which is diabetes. And of course, interchangeability will be more important for us when there's more than 1 product, but it's a positive development. And we are impressed on, take note, of the FDA's flexibility and willingness to consider interchangeability. We think that it bodes well for the efficacy and the role that biosimilars will play in pharmaceuticals in the future. So again, that Part B biosimilars are our sweet spots. Thanks.

Yes. We expect that the trends will continue. I just answered to Ricky's question. We talked about that same 40% market share for 2 of the most prominent oncology products. And we believe that this will continue to be a positive trend. And the innovative products continue to play a role and through contracting. And that's where organizations like our ION GPO are very important. But no doubt that the trend for biosimilar adoption is intact and physicians are expecting biosimilars as a key patient opportunity and also financial opportunity to lower costs.

Yes. Yes, Eric, thanks for the question on World Courier. We cannot underscore enough what a fabulous job they're doing. The environment for them is really challenging. If you think about the global context that they operate in and all the different pandemic restrictions, and a lot of the business that they do there is based on international trade, which is not as easy to obtain as a [indiscernible]. So we recently visited with the team and that there was -- we had a short visit to the U.K. when the restrictions were lifted. It was wonderful to not only meet the Alliance team but also to see our World Courier leadership team and really give them a pat on the back because they have done a fabulous job growing the business and meeting the needs of their global clients throughout this very difficult period, and, in many cases, shifting the business model to at-home. 
We've owned the business for 8, 9 years now. And I have to tell you that this is a wonderful part of AB that keeps on growing and keeps on finding new ways to maximize their expertise in clinical trial logistics and help the global pharma partners meet their innovation needs. 
And the last thing I'll say is it's a wonderful opportunity to share knowledge between Alliance Healthcare and World Courier. So we're very positive on that business.

I think I can take part of it. On the biosimilars part, honestly, we have -- we've said that somewhere between brand and generic pricing, and of course, every single product is different, depending on the number of competitors, the setting in which the product is administered. So it's a large category. It's becoming a larger and more interesting category for us. And Jim can give more comments about that. But as expected, we expect that the positive trends will continue, and this is becoming an important driver for patients and for physicians and for AmerisourceBergen.

Thank you, George. We're tremendously excited because just meeting with the team after spending so much time, pre close and negotiations, when we get together, the intense discussions we have about opportunities and how do we take all the combinations of businesses that we have and really make 1 and 1 equal 3. I mean, that's old fashioned, but that's essentially what we're trying to do. And there's tremendous knowledge. If you look at our corporate team is focused in Weybridge in the U.K., and that is the headquarters. The U.K. is also the headquarters for World Courier. But if you look at how AmerisourceBergen is positioning ourselves with Alliance, we have a good mixture of developed European markets and higher-growth emerging markets. It's a very important priority for us to develop the services and innovative lines in those markets. 
Our World Courier has a small expertise and a small presence in almost all the markets that Alliance is already in. But we set up a lot of our commercialization businesses to help smaller companies launch products globally. And I sincerely feel that this acquisition is going to give us opportunity to really have the presence, have the boots on the ground, the local market knowledge to look at both the innovative side, the distribution side and the commercialization side to benefit the patients we serve and the manufacturers that want global partners with the expertise of AmerisourceBergen.

So thank you for your time today. AmerisourceBergen is a purpose-driven leading global healthcare company with a foundation in distribution, and we continue to advance our role as a key pillar of pharmaceutical innovation and access. Our expanded reach and solutions in Pharmaceutical Distribution and added breadth and depth in manufacturer services further strengthens our ability to provide innovative and global healthcare solutions for our partners. Our results and guidance clearly exemplify our performance, the execution and how we continue to benefit from leading with market leaders. Our company is well positioned for long-term growth. 
Thanks, again, for your time today, and great job to our worldwide associates.