Thank you, Bennett. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone on the call. Before we begin our results for the quarter, I want to take a moment to comment on the status of the proposed settlement agreement to address opioid-related claims of state and political subdivisions. 
Since we announced last September that the proposed settlement agreement would move to the next phase, several more states have announced the intent to sign on to the agreement, increasing the number of participating states to 46. We are encouraged by this progress. And over the next few weeks, we will review the level of participation by subdivisions and determine whether to proceed with the final settlement. We look forward to providing an update once a decision has been made. AmerisourceBergen continues to work diligently with our partners to combat drug diversion while supporting real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities where we live, work and serve. 
Turning now to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and continued progress on strategic imperatives. AmerisourceBergen began the fiscal year with solid financial performance. Revenue grew 13% over the prior year to $59 billion. Adjusted operating income increased by 21% and adjusted EPS grew by 18%. Our growth reflected the benefit of our Alliance Healthcare acquisition and solid performances across our businesses. 
Our results continue to demonstrate the value of our pharmaceutical-centric strategy, strong customer relationships, leadership in specialty and unparalleled global commercialization services. These differentiating factors are key drivers of our long-term growth and enable AmerisourceBergen to create significant value for all our stakeholders as a global health care leader. Our solution-oriented culture and the agility of our teams has allowed us to strengthen our relationships with partners as we help them navigate the increased complexity and challenges that the evolving pandemic presents. 
AmerisourceBergen's focus on leading with market leaders continues to position our company for success. Recently, we renewed our relationship with Express Scripts by extending our supply agreement through 2026. This extension reflects our focus on long-term lasting partnerships with anchor customers that enable us to continue to support patient access wherever a prescription is needed. 
Patient access is more vital than ever as we enter the third year of our fight against COVID-19. As I've said over the past year, we are proud to be a part of the solution to support the government response to the pandemic in the U.S. Through our work with the government and manufacturer partners, we are distributing COVID-19 antibody and antiviral treatments to providers across the country. As pharmaceutical innovation continues to expand treatment resources to respond to the pandemic, we are playing an even greater role to leverage our infrastructure and expertise to support efficient access to COVID-19 therapies in partnership with the federal government. 
The newly authorized oral COVID treatments are a milestone in the efforts to curb the impact of the virus, and we are supporting their distribution to sites of care across the U.S. Our robust public-private partnerships with pharma manufacturers and the U.S. government demonstrate the value of AmerisourceBergen's intellectual confidence as we have utilized our commercial strength and ability to collaborate effectively to quickly create solutions in the health care system. 
Outside the U.S., AmerisourceBergen's network of global businesses Alliance Healthcare, World Courier and Innomar in Canada are playing a pivotal role in supporting the COVID-19 vaccination efforts across 30-plus countries. The collective distribution support spans 4 continents and includes a wide range of services from third-party logistics to temperature-controlled packaging, storage and transport. Alliance Healthcare continues to deliver strong results while supporting the COVID-19 response in multiple countries from vaccination to testing, including in the U.K., where the team is supporting the distribution of vaccines and serving as the sole distributor of the rapid lateral flow COVID-19 testing kits to pharmacies. 
Alliance Healthcare's performance underscores why we were so excited to bring this business into the AmerisourceBergen family and how this acquisition enables us to advance our role as a key pillar of pharmaceutical innovation and access globally. Our teams are working diligently and collaboratively to ensure the integration continues to progress successfully. 
Alliance Healthcare's foundation in wholesale distribution and the International segment's significant footprint in complementary value-added services and solutions parallel AmerisourceBergen's U.S. capabilities and provide us with a strong global platform for sustainable, long-term growth and value creation in service to our global biopharmaceutical manufacturer partners. 
Creating value for all our stakeholders is paramount for AmerisourceBergen. And as we look at our networks of community providers across the globe, we remain focused on supporting this critical component in the health care system. Community practitioners from veterinarians to independent pharmacies and community special physicians played a vital role in supporting local health care needs. Community pharmacies are key to facilitating health equity and access, particularly in rural and underserved areas. Through our independent pharmacy network, Good Neighbor Pharmacy, or GNP, in the U.S. and Alliance's Alphega network in Europe, we have continued to strengthen our relationship with these providers and support their ability to expand access to critical health care solutions. 
Our GNP network has played an important role in helping communities address the pandemic. In partnership with the federal retail pharmacy program, GNP has helped to support allocation of 4 million COVID-19 vaccine doses to more than 1,600 pharmacies nationwide. These allocations are helping reach communities where help is needed most. Nearly 50% of the individuals vaccinated by pharmacies in our GNP network live in Zip Codes with a high social vulnerability index as defined by the CDC. The value of this initiative continues to grow for our communities, and we are pleased to be working with the federal government to support the distribution of N95 masks from the Strategic National Stockpile to our GNP customers currently enrolled in the program. 
In our Alliance Healthcare business, we are also seeing significant growth in Alphega's membership as independent pharmacies recognize the value of working with Alliance and the services we offer. As a leading European network of independent pharmacists, Alphega Pharmacy members continue to deliver on their mission of helping to improve the quality of health in their communities. Alphega Pharmacy members throughout the pandemic have gone above and beyond to deliver care to their patients. These extraordinary efforts have garnered numerous accolades from around the industry. We are excited to share best practices between Alphega and GNP to further the support we provide community pharmacists, both in the U.S. and Europe. 
As we continue to build on our strengths, we are focused on expanding on our leadership in specialty. The growth in biosimilars has helped improve access to effective therapies while mitigating overall health care spending to make room for continued pharmaceutical innovation, including the introduction of new therapeutics and additional indications for existing therapies to improve the standards of care. 
Our leadership in specialty continues to provide us with the scale, partnerships and expertise to create significant value for our stakeholders. AmerisourceBergen's global scale and strong partnerships, upstream and down, make us a key partner in connecting manufacturers and physicians. We continue to look at new ways to apply our existing capabilities and expertise to create further value through this linkage, particularly as the shift to value-based care accelerates. 
By leveraging our distribution infrastructure, expertise in outcome and reimbursement and our investments in the physician practices services space, we are well-positioned to contribute to pharmaceutical-driven outcomes and support the long-term success of this transition. 
Access and commercial solutions become increasingly important as we look to the future with a strong pipeline of pharmaceutical innovation, particularly in specialty pharmaceuticals. More than half of the pipeline of new treatments are coming from small and midsized biotech and pharma companies. AmerisourceBergen's vast distribution reach and global commercialization services position us to be a partner of choice for these manufacturers. 
Our expanded platform of manufacturer services allows us to deliver a range of logistics and supply chain services, market access and innovative solutions to help improve patient care with global reach and local expertise. AmerisourceBergen and Alliance teams are working collaboratively to leverage our complementary capabilities to create differentiated solutions for our upstream partners and help them expand access to care for patients around the world. 
One example of how we are supporting access in the U.S. is our recently launched AB Disparities in Cancer Care initiative. This initiative is focused on improving access to all components of cancer care from expanding access to clinical trials and community practices to bringing awareness of health disparities to legislators. Using our trusted role as a partner to community practitioners and pharmaceutical manufacturers alike, we believe this program will help bring down certain barriers to high-quality cancer care for patients in local communities we serve. This is an example of how our teams live our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures every day. 
Being guided by our purpose ensures we are contributing to improving the well-being of human and animal populations by expanding access to quality health care, operating sustainably and upholding the highest standards of safety and quality. To help achieve this vision, we are focused on investing in our people, culture and commitment to ESG. 
A healthier future is also a more sustainable one. We recently published our sixth Annual Global Sustainability Report, which highlights the progress we made in fiscal 2021 on our environmental, social and governance initiatives and provide significant transparency into our business. AmerisourceBergen's continued progress and commitment to advancing ESG initiatives is reflected by the company's inclusion in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022, one of the most comprehensive publications providing in-depth analysis on corporate sustainability. 
AmerisourceBergen is also committed to building a more diverse, equitable, inclusive and engaged workforce. Throughout this coming year and beyond, we will continue to focus on our people, our culture and our community as the first 3 pillars of the DEI work. This year, we added an important pillar, our progress, that will more closely link DEI with our purpose of creating healthier futures through expanding access to quality health care globally and promote health equity. 
We are honored that our work in ESG is gaining recognition. Last month, Newsweek Magazine included AmerisourceBergen on its 2022 list of most responsible companies. Newsweek's most responsible companies list is a well-regarded ranking of corporate ESG performance, and this recognition further underscores our progress on our objectives to improve access and equity in health care, create more resilient and sustainable operations across the supply chain and inspire our team members to achieve their potential. Our commitment to ESG is fundamental to our long-term sustainable value creation for all of our stakeholders, and we are focused on continuing to build on our ESG platform to support our team, partners and community. 
We are pleased with our performance thus far in fiscal 2022 and the progress we continue to make against our strategic priorities to enhance our differentiated value proposition, strengthen our relationship with customers, drive innovation and build on our strong momentum. I remain inspired by the commitment and performance of our 42,000 team members who truly embody our purpose in helping our partners navigate the ever more complex and evolving global health care landscape. 
As a global health care solutions leader, AmerisourceBergen is creating differentiated capabilities to help advance pharmaceutical innovation and access.
Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our first quarter 2022 results and to discuss our updated financial guidance. Jim?

Charles? Operator, I'm not hearing Charles.

I'll start off and let Jim comment. We've made the comment that never has our purpose become clearer than during the pandemic of being united in our responsibility to create healthier future. And the role that we've done with in COVID therapies, distributing over 100 million vaccines worldwide, doing all the lateral flow tests in the U.K., World Courier getting early vaccines out in some difficult areas in Europe. But also probably, most pivotally, the role we play in the U.S. with the antiviral therapies and the tremendous data and relationships that we've developed, working with the U.S. government and the state and counties to get these therapies out. 
We also have always been a very upstream-centric company as well and have been honored to be selected as a distributor with so many of these critical therapies. It's a moving target. Supply is often -- is really often ramping up, and then you also have different disease rates in various states. And so we -- AmerisourceBergen has shown tremendous adaptability, resilience and also incredible informatics and strong relationship skills, which have enabled us to really be the distributor for these important therapies.
Jim, I know you have some other comments as well.

Lisa, the reason -- I mean, it's literally becoming impossible to break out, especially because essentially, our brand business has become a specialty business, and we probably think about new areas like precision medicine, cell and gene therapy as the new sort of niche businesses. It would have been almost impossible to conceive just how fundamental specialty products would become to pharmaceutical care as we looked a couple of decades ago when we got started with the specialty businesses. 
So perhaps I can just give you some comments. Our specialty physician services business, which is a lot of our legacy well-known specialty businesses, including Besse Medical, Oncology Supply and ION are performing extremely well. We're really proud of the positioning. Like in all our businesses, we focus on long-term partnerships. ION, I led the specialty group about 11 or 12 years ago, I mean, in terms of closely running it. And we really just had 3 or 4 manufacturer contracts. They have several dozen now and continue to grow in the role being the close adviser to the physicians, the practices and the manufacturers. Besse Medical is getting more and more involved in several other physician specialties. They have a key role in ophthalmology. And Oncology Supply is an exemplary business in terms of customer service. 
I also could not mention what is our legacy -- I would be remiss if I didn't mention what is our legacy hospital specialty business, our ASD business, which continues to really have been the forerunner for a lot of the COVID work we're doing, a lot of the antiviral therapies because of the limited distribution, the data expertise and the concentrated distribution programs that we've learned to do so well in ASD. 
So a little bit of a long answer, but such important work for us. I'm going to just comment on biosimilars, and then I'll hand over to Jim. So biosimilars has become very important to ourselves, to our customers. The sweet spot for us is Part B drugs. We've been encouraged by trends. I think the acceptance of biosimilars is certainly increasing all the time from all elements of the stakeholder system, and we've noticed recent interchangeability approvals. Next year will be tremendously interesting from a Part D perspective, which is also important for the system. But for us, the sweet spot is the Part B therapeutic compatibility and the contracting abilities we have through organizations like ION and IPN. Jim?

George, I always remember your little train that could comment after our 20 -- little engine that could -- after our [ 23 ] call, so our 13 announcement. So Jim just answered the question about pricing trends. And when you deal with a sophisticated customer like Express Scripts, they understand the business trends as well as we do. And we do a really good job of servicing large customers like that and focus on the long-term relationships. We're proud because we were a legacy distributor to Medco and went through the Express Scripts transition with Medco and became the distributor for Express Scripts and now, of course, are working with the new Cigna management team. 
So it's a tremendous example of our focus on long-term partnership with anchor customers. And again, with the understanding and the fact that we reflect the competitive environment that we're in, there's no headwind to call out at all. 
On the train whistle, we are proud to be in new headquarters, which are not as affected by the train whistle, which Jim and I are currently working out of. And we hope that our associates will return to in the next couple of months as things improve. 
Sorry, I just wanted to also say, George, that there's really no headwind to call out at all on the Express Scripts renewal. So we're pleased to report that.

Yes. Nothing on WBAD that we can report. This is primarily a brand and specialty contract, as you do recall, Steve. And so I think -- Jim, anything else you'd add in Express Scripts? I think we covered it. Yes.

No, honestly, nothing important to call out from our vantage point. This has really become much less of an area of differentiation. In terms of the way our earnings momentum rolls out, it's just the whole way that generics have rolled out. It's much more wider industry participation than just the wholesalers. So I really don't think there's anything important to call out, and Jim agrees so…

Let me just deal with the U.S. part of the question first. We do a tremendous job of working with constrained inventory -- of an inventory as it sits coming out of production and is procured and sent to our distribution centers to get it out. In many cases, as is with the oral pills right now, there's incredible demand way beyond the supplies available. And these products are operating under the emergency use authorization. 
So at AmerisourceBergen, I can assure you, is not bottleneck in getting these products out as fast and as efficiently and economically as possible. I think that's why we've continued to be selected as the distributor for almost all these therapies. So I would say that. But I also will say that we're always open to new areas of cooperation, both with the manufacturers and the patients that we ultimately serve through their provider models, be it the retail pharmacy or acute care models, infusion centers. Whatever the prescription base that care treatment is, we will be there. 
In Europe, we do various things. Our Spanish business does different things. But there's nothing that's really as comparable to the concerted effort and the launches for these therapies that we've seen in the U.S. and the government role. It's -- I'd say that it's -- it's a pretty unique model and the materiality and extent of it. So we haven't seen anything comparable in Europe. I have mentioned that we've done over 100 million vaccines we've distributed. And a large part of that is in Europe where we do about half of the NHS in the U.K. We've done a lot in Spain. World Courier has done distribution in several countries. We also do the lateral flow test. So we have a very pivotal role in COVID therapies throughout the countries we serve. And we could not be more proud to do that. So anything, Jim?

And Jim, I'm going to do some closing comments now as we end our first quarter of fiscal year '22 call. We felt like this was very strong results, and we're off to a good start. AmerisourceBergen is, as we often like to say, well-positioned with our pharmaceutical-centric strategy. We believe pharmaceuticals are the most efficient source of care, as shown by recent overall health care spending analysis, despite frequent misrepresentation of the public forums in terms of the inflation rates that we experienced. We know at the net pricing level, we are almost flat. 
We are very proud to be playing such an integral part in this community. As a corporation, I feel like we've made tremendous strides to deliver the purpose that we've selected. We leverage our own capabilities for the benefit of all the stakeholder sets we serve. We've made a strong contribution to our people culture. Our expertise continues to grow. We like to talk a lot about our intellectual confidence. We feel like we've made leaps and bounds during the last few years, and we are focused, as always, on creating long-term stakeholder value. Thank you for your time and attention today.