Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. AmerisourceBergen delivered strong results in the third quarter of 2020 driven by the resilience of our business and our associates who worked diligently to ensure continued patient access. Our teams are leveraging AmerisourceBergen's scale, expertise and culture to deliver collaborative and innovative services and solutions to our partners as they navigate the complexities of the current environment.  
My remarks this morning will center on 2 key topics: first, I will highlight how AmerisourceBergen continues to protect and support our associates. Specifically, how we remain focused on advancing our talent and culture through development, career growth and diversity initiatives and why this is a clear competitive advantage; second, I'll discuss how AmerisourceBergen is positioned to deliver value over the long term. For our shareholders and also for our associates, customers, suppliers and the communities we serve.  
As we shared last quarter, the health, safety and well-being of our associates continues to be our top priority. We have taken a number of steps to support our associates, particularly those on the front line, guided by our purpose and value at every turn. We have prioritized the safety of our associates. We have continued to work diligently to facilitate patient access, supporting our manufacturer and provider customer as well as navigating these challenging times. I remain incredibly proud of the work our associates are undertaking across all areas of our business.  
As I discussed on our earnings call last November, our talent is one of AmerisourceBergen's biggest competitive advantages. Our associates power our culture and are driven by our purpose. We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures, and this is demonstrated across the entire organization. We know the experience of our associates is enhanced when they believe in the values and purposes of their employer. And as a company, we have prioritized this by focusing on talent development, career growth and diversity initiatives. 
In May, AmerisourceBergen was named a DiversityInc noteworthy company for the fourth consecutive year due to our hiring, retention and promotion of women, minorities, people with disabilities, LGBTQ people and veterans. While I'm proud that AmerisourceBergen has been direct -- recognized for our diversity and inclusion efforts, we are committed to fostering an even more diverse and inclusive workforce. We are dedicated to growing, learning and shaping our approach to diversity and inclusion for the betterment of our workforce and the communities we serve. With this in mind, we took time over the past several weeks to discuss social injustice and racial inequity and fostered a candid dialogue to discuss topics, including racism and unconscious bias.
We facilitated all associate town halls with black leaders and other leaders of color volunteered to share their insights and personal experiences in dealing with discrimination and systemic racism. These discussions, though somewhat difficult, are a necessary step to foster true change.  
We recognize this is an ongoing effort, and we are committed to continuous improvement. There is significant intrinsic value created for all our stakeholders by having a strong culture and diversity that mirrors society as a whole. I look forward to sharing more about the progress we are making in this important area in the quarters to come.  
Now turning to our results. The June quarter demonstrated the resiliency of our business as we successfully managed through the new challenges across the global health care system. The supply chain has become the invisible pillar of medical innovation. During the COVID-19 pandemic, AmerisourceBergen and our industry as a whole have become understood for what we truly are. A strategic asset as awareness has been heightened around the importance of pharmaceutical security, channel data and sustainability of supply. AmerisourceBergen is taking this opportunity to deepen our relationship with our partners and expand on our value proposition as we continue to execute on our pharmaceutical-centric strategy. The 4 key differentiators that serve as pillars of our company continue to position us for continued value creation.  
First, our broad and strategic relationships provides stability and partnerships with key customers in each segment of the health care system. Members of our good neighbor pharmacy network demonstrated the essential roles they play within their communities during this difficult times. Thousands of independent pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and staff members have been working tirelessly on the front lines to ensure their patients continue getting the care they need, even when things are at their most chaotic. They have all adapted at lightning speed to combat the pandemic and serve their communities in new and inventive ways, whether through delivering care packages to the immunocompromised or offering a meal to those who lost their jobs during this crisis.  
Independent pharmacies have supported patients while maintaining the highest level of customer service. We are proud to partner with these frontline health care providers to deliver care to those who need it most.  
Second, we continue to build on our leadership position in specialty distribution and services. Our industry-leading specialty distribution businesses have AmerisourceBergen positioned to leverage our relationships and expertise in a key part of the market. We continue to see increased biosimilar utilization, particularly in oncology, where our ION business differentiate our value proposition for both our provider customers and manufacturer partners. The growth we are seeing in biosimilars uptake is encouraging for the future, not only for AmerisourceBergen, but for patient access and the U.S. health care system overall.  
On the distribution side, we have been working closely with our provider customers as they take the necessary actions to improve operability.  
Community-based practices have adapted to continue treating patients through telehealth visits and by implementing new safety protocols to treat the most critical cases in the office.  
In order to minimize patient care disruption, health care providers have implemented new distancing protocols, enhanced office cleaning procedures and acquired additional PPE for staff. The value proposition of community-based care has never been clearer in the past few months, have further illustrated the vital role of specialty practices in the treatment of critically ill patients in controlled environments. Patients are keenly aware of specialty physician practices' ability to provide safe, effective and convenient treatment at a time when health and well-being have never been so important.  
I mentioned last quarter that the initial restrictive measures negatively impacted necessary patient access to things such as screenings and testing. As the country continues to navigate the complexities of this pandemic, it is vital that care is not deferred. Providers are more equipped to operate in the current environment to the benefit of the health and well-being of all patients.  
Third, AmerisourceBergen associates continue to focus on providing innovative services and solutions for our partners in the health care system to navigate these challenging times. AmerisourceBergen is uniquely positioned to help our customers in the current environment and is focused on providing them with important resources.  
For example, our sourcing and distribution teams are leveraging our commercial expertise and data and analytics capabilities to provide manufacturing and government entities with actionable channel insights. We are able to provide significant transparency into the pharmaceutical supply chain and related end markets, which is an important resource as stakeholders seek to be fully informed by data as they face new challenges.  
AmerisourceBergen is focused on being solutions-oriented and continuing to identify ways to add value, particularly at this time of heightened focus on the pharmaceutical supply chain.  
And at our MWI Animal Health business, we announced 2 new offerings designed to help veterinarians manage the financial impact of COVID-19. The offerings allow practices to provide flexible financing solutions for clients who may be struggling to afford quality care for their pets or we may just find more certainty in an uncertain economic landscape. The offering ease the financial burden of both routine and emergency pet care, while also helping practices achieve more consistent revenue, long-term client engagement and most importantly, better outcomes for their patients.  
Finally, turning to our fourth differentiator. We continue to focus on strong corporate stewardship in order to create value for all our stakeholders.  
In addition to some of the initiatives I mentioned earlier, during the quarter, the AmerisourceBergen Foundation brought together more than 60 nonprofit partners and peers during a virtual conference to facilitate collaboration, share best practices and learn from one another. The event focused on developing strategies to address some of the most difficult issues affecting society today, including pandemic resilience, social justice and racial equality, health and community improvement. 
AmerisourceBergen is committed to strong corporate citizenship and continuous improvement. We are driven by our talent and culture, differentiated by our robust customer relationships and leadership in specialty distribution and services and United in our responsibility to create healthier futures. Our values, strategic partnerships and market leadership position AmerisourceBergen to continue to create long-term value for all of our stakeholders.  
Thank you, again, for your interest in AmerisourceBergen.  
With that, I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our third quarter fiscal 2020 results. Jim?

Yes. Steve, thanks for the question. We're very pleased with the progress in biosimilars. We actually are quite proud of -- after all, a couple -- about 2 years ago, a write editorial saying that it was too early to throw in the towel and buy some of those. And I think that subsequent events have proven that it's really increased patient choice. 
And I think it's -- the role of biosimilars will be to make role for the new -- way for the new innovative progress. So it's a very important part of our business and our ION contracting and physician services organization has been very, very profound in the influence that they've had in their education to the provider community, and especially provider community about biosimilars, and we really are seeing them having an impact on our customer base.

Yes. The only other thing I'd say is that we've looked for ways to expand our services and be innovative and responsive to this new environment. So some of the innovation is really the internal, the way that we communicate with our associates. So we do these global calls, and we have usually 6,000 to 7,000 people on them, they -- every second Friday, and that's a great opportunity to communicate. 
But we've also done a lot of things like -- again, I talked about ION earlier. ION has been able to transfer their meeting environment to online. And a lot of companies have done it, but it's still been very important then we have that strong sense of continuity with our customers. I think we've been able to manage in this digital environment with both large and small customers. And that's been very important. The small customers really appreciate that touching base, that connectivity. So, thank you.

Yes. Lisa and I have a question for you. I hope you're going to have your conference in January, but I guess we'll see. So -- but...

So yes, it will be a good chance to see everybody again. So specialty is -- look, we had -- if you look at oncology, obviously, our biggest business, we were off a couple of percent in April and then recovered very well, and we're back to the levels we were -- we're back to pre-COVID levels basically in oncology. 
In some of the other businesses, it was a little bit different. Some of the Besse-based businesses they were a bit weaker, but we're now seeing them really lift up. And I'd say that just going into July, this -- the trends have stabilized. So there was a pent-up demand. So we saw some really strong numbers and it's not like that. It's not like we saw you where it's going to keep on going up high.  
So it's back to pre-COVID levels and I think that -- again, if you have MS, if you have muscular degeneration, obviously, if you have a chemotherapy treatments, those are incredibly important. And as soon as you feel at all safe, you're going to return.  
One thing that's very interesting is that the distribution of services into the community for specialty is unique in this country, and it's proven, I think, very durable for the patients. And that's what we've always, I'm trying to make the point that it's very important that patients can access care where they need to. And I think in this crisis, a lot of patients felt a lot safer going to the physician's office than they went into a health system or even a larger outpatient system. So it's a good example of the resiliency of the U.S. health care system, the way that we have such strong community practices. So, thank you.

Yes. Charles, first of all, on the opioids, yes, there's no substantive update. So we said on the last call that we've been focused on the pandemic, and I think a lot of the counterparties have also been. And given the complexity and the issue of the number of parties involved, we continue to prepare for trials, obviously. 
We continue to hope that the counterparties, the other parties, will see the merits of a potential global framework. And we remain focused on the essential work we do in the supply chain to meet the critical needs of patients during the pandemic.  And then just repeat the second part of your question, please?

Okay, sorry. Sorry. Yes. Yes, sorry. And I was just on a call this week with one of the senators who's involved in this, and they were talking about PPE, but also API. And it's -- there is some discussion in Washington that this is just from the reading I do and different calls that we are on and that parts of PPE and maybe even API are essential security infrastructure needs of the company -- of the country. So of course, these things don't happen overnight. 
There's also a lot of environmental issues. There's the cost issue, which I think everyone has always taken very seriously. The global supply chain has become incredibly complex. And of course, AmerisourceBergen will work with policymakers, offer our services as we have, offer our expertise and also work with the industry. So to see if there are any major changes. And if there are, then it would have to be done through a statute. So it would have to be done through the legislative process. So we would be involved in that. So, thank you.

Yes, Ricky, Hi. Good to hear your voice. We are deeply involved in the supply chain. I mean, I actually was on a panel for the World Economic Forum a few months ago. And I said in the -- look, I can't speak for the rest of the world, but in the U.S., we have deep cold supply chain capabilities. Now some of the reported temperature storage requirements are quite significant. We'll see what the final dosage and the requirements are, but I'm confident that we would work with the manufacturers to make sure that we can meet the needs in the U.S. market, where, of course, we have very large market share in other countries. We probably wouldn't play as prominent a role.  
You should know, of course, that we have been involved in active discussions with manufacturers as we start to plan. It's probably, -- to be honest, it's an event that I think AmerisourceBergen would be very galvanized and excited around just as part of the health care community and the smart global citizens. You hear that there could be emergency-use authorization for the first candidate for health care workers. And whatever it is, we have the capabilities. We have good insights into where the hot spots are. We have a good capability to blend those data sets together. So I feel confident that if asked to serve, AmerisourceBergen will be strongly positioned to be able to do that. So, thank you.

Ricky, so vaccines are much more distributed than other products because there's so many different points of service, physicians offices, for example, they do not use specialty products. So they're not typically AmerisourceBergen customers, and they would access products through their vet -- their med-surg distributor often. So there's a lot of other companies besides our 2 best known peers that do vaccine distribution.  
So also, the manufacturers do, do some of that direct. But the flu vaccine, it is not material to ABC. It's not a very expensive product. It is somewhat difficult to manage. I was responsible -- I have responsibility from managing it for years because it was in our ASD division, which reported into me. And we would literally start working on it as that -- as the season ended. We started working on bookings and the issues with the manufacturing, the strains, but it's not material to ABC. About 40% to 45% of the country as you know, gets the vaccine, and we expect that it could be higher this year, and we hope it will be higher this year or so. That's really it.  
Jim, anything to add on the materiality updates?

Yes. it could drive business in our communities -- at our community pharmacies as they do in occulation. So that could be a good way to -- for patients to start getting used to going back into pharmacies, those who have been reluctant to do it. So I think that, that could be a positive benefit from this flue vaccine year, but that's just an idea. So, thanks, Ricky.

So if you look at -- Eric, hi. If you look at the overall -- the grand scheme of the marketplace, there's not very significant market share service. Of course, in March, we saw our mail uptick quite significantly, and it is well documented that there was an increase in the 90-day scripts. 
However, the counterargument to that is there is an increase in patient adherence, which is very good for business. And certainly, one of the things when -- I remember when I first became CEO and I talked to our Good Neighbor Pharmacy group, I said, "You guys have to do 90-day scripts." And at that time. 10 years ago, I must say then people would -- pharmacists weren't as interested in the 90-day scripts. But it's certainly something that has become more common in the market, as you know.  
And again, we would point to the unique role that the community pharmacists have today as one of the most trusted and accessible health care professionals and literally with very good value. I mean, you can go and pick up your generic prescription and pay a $5 co-pay in most cases and get access to a professional at your independent pharmacy. 
So we know that independent pharmacists have some headwinds, but we're working well with them. We think we add a lot of value and we think that they, again, will carry on differentiating themselves by the customer service and the entrepreneurial approach to the business. Jim?

Thanks. Thank you.

Yes. I mean, we've always said, I think we said many years when the Affordable Care Act was implemented that we maybe saw -- we thought it might have accounted for a 1% to 2%, at the most, impact on script volumes because there's no doubt that having insurance coverage is important for patients. So it's been so profound and so seismic that the impact to employment that we -- it's hard to assess all the trends here. But there's also a lot of prescriptions are accessed by seniors, right? 
Seniors are on Medicaid often, and they have supplemental insurance, and they are sometimes not employed or they have their retirement set. And we don't -- as you well know, we don't really differentiate between a Medicaid, but we're selling in aggregate. So it doesn't really matter to us what coverage it is, but I would agree with you that it's very important that patients continue to access coverage. And the final thing I'll say is that our businesses like Lash truly do support patient assistance programs, which manufacturers have stepped up in this time to make sure that there's continuity of patient care and we're very proud of that work..

Yes. So thank you, everyone, for your participation this morning. I know it was a busy day. And I also want to give a special thanks to our associates, those who's serving all roles, including those on the front line, but to all of our associates for delivering on our essential role in health care. We are really proud of the dedication and innovation to expand our value proposition and deepen our relationship with our customers. Thanks for your time today.