Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. As you saw from our earnings release, AmerisourceBergen delivered excellent performance for the second quarter and first half of fiscal 2020. With a strong first half of the year behind us, I will focus this morning's call on 2 main areas. First, we will discuss AmerisourceBergen's actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and second, we will talk about how AmerisourceBergen is positioned to deliver value over the long-term for our shareholders and also for our associates, customers, suppliers and our communities. Jim will then discuss our results in more detail and our outlook for the remainder of the year.
First, with regard to the actions we have taken in response to the COVID 2019 dynamic. I've never been prouder of AmerisourceBergen and our associates. We have been guided by our purpose and values, and the company has prioritized supporting the safety of our associates. In turn, our associates have been innovating in helping our manufacturer and provider customers navigate new or intensified challenges. The health, safety and well-being of our associates is paramount, and we have taken several steps to support our frontline associates, which have included, enhanced cleaning protocols and additional support from third-party cleaners, enhanced paid time-off for associates needing to quarantine or care for family members, weekly bonuses for frontline associates and backup dependent care. These measures are important in protecting and supporting our associates and key to AmerisourceBergen's ability to support the foundational elements of healthcare. As you can imagine, the necessity of our services and solutions has been highlighted and amplified as manufacturers and providers navigate increased complexity and new challenges.
To help efficiently and effectively address these challenges head on, we established an internal response task force that is made up of key experts and leaders across the company. Our task force has been advising individual teams and leaders and also meets with government officials. Task force help us move quickly to implement our business continuity plans, which are enabled by the robustness of our distribution network, technology and the talent and innovation of our associates. 
The strength of our infrastructure has enhanced our ability to provide patients access to the medications they need. AmerisourceBergen has a history of investing in our businesses and capabilities, giving us significant technological and operational flexibility. Last month, we demonstrated this when we temporarily closed one of our largest distribution centers out of an abundance of caution, given its proximity to a COVID-19 hot spot. We invoked our business continuity plan for the region and seamlessly transferred volume to other AmerisourceBergen distribution centers. We used the temporary closure to perform extensive sanitation measures at the location. AmerisourceBergen also moved decisively to protect non frontline associates. We were able to quickly shift all suitable roles to working remotely. This important distancing measure was achieved as a result of close leadership collaboration and strong IT infrastructure.  The types of proactive measures would not be possible without the significant investments we have made in our distribution center, network and technology. 
On the pharmaceutical supply side, our sourcing and commercial teams have worked diligently to ensure that we are understanding demand and forecasting sustainability of supply to maintain the necessary inventory to address varying needs.  We have made it a priority to keep in regular communication with all stakeholders to best maintain continuity of supply and meet increased demand from providers. This has been a period when alignment and coordination is vital. And we have amplified our proactive approach to communications and engagements. Our teams have held numerous customer virtual town halls in order to discuss factors influencing the supply chain, outline our response and business continuity and articulate the resources available to our customers. These events have facilitated reach to thousands of participants, and are a good example of AmerisourceBergen's calm, transparent and patient-focused response. 
Despite these uncertain times, I have been inspired daily by the dedication, innovation and thoughtfulness displayed by AmerisourceBergen associates. We have seen firsthand the importance of our purpose-driven organization, especially given the vital role AmerisourceBergen plays in the healthcare system. It is times like these that reinforce our confidence in AmerisourceBergen's strategic position, resiliency and ability to provide critical services and solutions in any economic climate.
Over the years, we have focused much of our time with investors and analysts on providing visibility into AmerisourceBergen's 4 strategic pillars. While the world around us has changed the way we are now working, the way we connect and the way we communicate, the key differentiators that set AmerisourceBergen apart remain a constant. Let me remind you of them and why they underscore our confidence in our strategic positioning. 
First, we have a diverse portfolio of customers with key anchor relationships in each segment. We have built and nurtured long-standing and collaborative partners with a diverse group of customers, ranging from community and national retailers to health systems and community physicians. An example from one of these customer groups is our Good Neighbor Pharmacy, where members have been working tirelessly on the front lines to ensure their patients continue getting the care they need even when things are at their most chaotic. Whether by creating care packages for at-risk customers, providing drive-through services, to making hand sanitizer or keeping in touch with patients via social media, our independent pharmacy partners have done an exemplary job of showcasing the crucial part they play in improving community health. These types of relationships enable us to capitalize on pharmaceutical utilization in the United States across a variety of settings and distribution channels.
Second, we maintain market-leading positions in specialty distribution and services, where pharmaceutical innovation and demographic trends will continue to drive long-term growth. During this period of social distancing, we've been working with our provider customers to help them navigate the complexity of operating in this environment, understanding that there are some natural delays in patients seeing doctors for necessary referrals. We believe the ability -- the availability of testing and improved operability of practices will enable these practices to serve more efficiently  the complex needs of their new and existing patients. 
We have worked closely with our community physician practices to provide advanced analytics to help them navigate the temporary slowdown in patient visits due to social distancing. At the same time, our commercialization teams are working closely with their manufacturer partners to support efforts to ensure patients continue to be able to access vital pharmaceutical therapies. 
Our Lash business has been supporting our partners program that helps eligible unemployed patients maintain access to therapy despite loss of health insurance due to COVID-19. Additionally, World Courier's capability to provide direct-to-patient clinical trial services has been a key asset in supporting the shift of healthcare out of hospitals and into the home, thereby lowering the burden on hospitals and pharmacies. As complexity increases, World Courier thrives as its capabilities are unparalleled in its market.
Navigating complexity is a foundational trait of AmerisourceBergen, and it powers our third key differentiator, our ability to provide innovative services and solutions. We proactively invest and innovate to be best-in-class partners, as evidenced by the foresight that guided us to dedicate capital expenditures in our distribution center network, IT capabilities and specialized customer-focused solutions. One such example is a tool we are using to provide the advanced analytics for our community physician customers. Physician practices are leveraging our strategic financial intelligence solution, Infodat, to monitor and evaluate potential areas of concern. Given the current situation, we are providing analyses to monitor areas impacted by COVID-19, such as new patient volume, transition to Telehealth services and potential delays in claims processing and payments. At MWI, our team recognized that the need for veterinarian practices to virtually engage with their client has become critically important. In response, the business announced a series of technology tools to provide improved remote communication and enable curbside operations for practices and their patients. These examples illustrate a core strength for AmerisourceBergen. Our talent, expertise and resources facilitate our ability to provide comprehensive solutions.
Finally, AmerisourceBergen continues to be a strong corporate steward with a focus on advancing talent and culture and maintaining strong financial health. Our talent and culture have been on full display in these recent weeks, delivering unparalleled value for all our stakeholders. We have heard from individuals across the organization that they are proud to work for a company like AmerisourceBergen, with our priority on our purpose and values, especially during times of great societal need.
At the same time, the financial health of the organization remains unchanged, with one of the strongest balance sheets in company history and a continued focus on cash flow generation. This financial stability and strength provides AmerisourceBergen with the flexibility and firepower to navigate the current environment effectively and continue to deploy capital appropriately in order to provide long-term value for all our stakeholders.
Now I will turn the call over to Jim to discuss our second quarter results and revised outlook for fiscal 2020. Jim?

Thank you, Jim. Before turning the call over for Q&A, I want to take a minute to discuss AmerisourceBergen's commitment to responsible corporate citizenship. 
As we highlighted in our recently published 2019 corporate citizen report, our focus on inspired associates, sustainable operations and healthy communities enables AmerisourceBergen to advance environmental, social and governance initiatives to create healthier futures around the world. Our commitment to the health of our associates and communities influences every decision we make and has served as a vital guide as the world around us continues to change. The past several weeks have been a period of disruption for the world and has brought many challenges. Our lives have been dramatically altered and the importance of health and well-being has been reinforced. While I cannot tell you what exactly will happen in each and every element of our business over the coming weeks and months, I can tell you that we will emerge from this period with enhanced capabilities and solutions as well as a heightened awareness of the value we create for all stakeholders. 
I have been profoundly impressed by the exceptional leadership and collaborative teamwork throughout the organization. Thanks to this, we have been able to rapidly adapt and proactively address potential concerns caused by COVID-19. I'd like to thank, in particular, those associates on the front lines our nurses, pharmacist and distribution center associates whose powerful devotion and determination made this all possible. AmerisourceBergen is powered by the talent of our associates, and we are staying true to and guided by our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
Thank you for your interest in AmerisourceBergen. Please stay safe and healthy. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.

Yes. Lisa, thank you. We must have been around a long time because you asked me most of our Q&A prepared in one question. But there's no doubt, look, I think when we started this, I was still hoping we could hold, for example, our Board meeting at the end of May in person. I was reluctant to change it to a virtual meeting. So there's no doubt that this has been more sustained, more serious than anything we faced -- the society in recent memory, which you don't need me to punt on. We have more than enough people are parting on that. I think in healthcare, look, prescriptions are the most efficient form of healthcare. They've proven to be very resilient. Patients want to continue to take their prescriptions. So we start with that, that's a really good business. Some of the trends, obviously, it's been difficult for people to get to physicians' offices. I think it's been somewhat interesting. A friend of mine, who is a cardiologist, said, people are willing to go to the grocery store, but they're not willing to come visit me when they have a serious issue, and that led to much more serious issues. So I think there's been -- when I think about reopening, I hope that the first thing people will do is go back to their physicians' offices, their dentists, their physical therapists, this is what they should be thinking about getting back to health and wellness as a priority. 
But a couple of trends. Microsoft said on their earnings call that they've -- 2 years, they've experienced 2 years of digital acceleration in 2 months. I think in Telehealth, I've heard it described as 10 years of acceptance. Having said that, post COVID, there will be much more restrictions, for example, on Telehealth from one state to another. But we can expect that trend. I think that generally that e-commerce as opposed to regular mail order is going to be much more important. And we'll be thinking about that as part of digital acceleration. So we'll be thinking about that, I talk about for -- the 3 pillars of AmerisourceBergen: community pharmacy, community veterinarians, community oncologists and physicians, specialty physicians. We'll be thinking about how to assist all of them with that digital transformation. In fact, our strategy groups, some of the smartest people in the company, we've been thinking through that, and we're getting ready for that. And that's part of the comment about AmerisourceBergen being better prepared when we come out of this crisis, we'll be well positioned, as well positioned as we were going into it. 
I think you also need to look at our diverse customer base. We are represented with anchor customers in every segment. And so we do benefit. Yes, I will admit, of course, that, of course, it's a high-margin business for us, the community pharmacy business than shipping to 100 mail order sites. Of course, that's true, and there's different working capital metrics associated with that. But we don't expect a very significant trend to occur once things emerge. We do think, again, that it's very important to bring those customers into e-commerce. On specialty, we have seen some patient -- new patient starts slow down. We've even seen some very specialized medicines in some of the basic medical business slowdown. But we do believe, and I think with a lot of logic and experience, that those will be some of the first prescriptions and the first visits to come back, as I referenced. 
Oncology is holding up well. Again, the softness has really been related to lower new patients. The longer the restrictions continue, we would expect further weakness or if there's a reemergence of hotspots in certain areas. The hospitals, we believe, are continuing to resume to normal operations, and that will be a positive trend for us. And a pathology report has been a key gating factor towards getting new diagnosis for oncology and we believe all of those areas are starting to open up. So I've rambled on quite a lot of chat. I'm sure we're going to get to some more questions, but excellent question, Lisa, and good to hear your voice.
Thank you.

Yes. I mean I -- as I -- Bob, hope you're doing well. So referrals have been impacted and patient visits at some specialty practices, as I mentioned, have been working through essentially the limitations of operating in a social distancing world. Our physicians have, as we understand, started using Telehealth as much as possible, and also they've had to use no waiting rooms, texting people to come upstairs for visits, et cetera. So everyone had to adapt to the new order and, again, we anticipate that would carry on for a couple more weeks or a couple more months. And of course, lower visits and delay in pathology reports, et cetera, and new diagnoses has led to a mix of some lost sales. And -- but we do believe it also will lead and has led to pent-up demand. 
So when you think about complex illnesses, the therapy is extremely valuable, life-saving to those patients, and we expect that, that will be the first to resume and there will be a real pent-up demand. And those physicians are going to be kind of analogous to the ER physicians. They're going to have to keep working around the clock literally to keep up, I think, once everyone feels safe to go back to the offices. And also, we think that it will vary by state, as certain states reopen or certain states have less hotspots areas. So we are a national business, so we'll see that resume.
And of course, it goes without saying that people with critical illnesses need to be examined, referred and treated by the specialists. Oncology has been holding up relatively well, probably because those patients who were under treatment are continuing their treatment. Ophthalmology has been under pressure. We're starting to see some trends of normalizing or stability. And again, I talked about the pathology reports and the hospitals being able to return. So an increased availability of testing would allow for a more capable operating environment for physicians.
So I hope that gets your question, Bob. Jim has a comment, please?

Yes, Eric, it's -- we are spending a lot of time. First of all, I'm extremely proud of our supply chain group. They have sourced so expertly and so thoughtfully. And as I've said before, they were ready when this crisis hit. We didn't get everything 100% right, but we inventory upped where we needed to. And on the API side, we're looking for manufacture partners. ABC has a history, along with our partner, WBAD, of emphasizing quality and predictability over price. And we work hard to ensure that we have strong manufacture partners. And I think you've also seen our partners step up. I've spoken to a couple of generic manufacturer presidents and CEOs and they've all been working like they are in the front lines, and we're extremely proud of the work that they've done to assist patients through this crisis.

Thanks. I'll just reiterate that we've always said, you remember Dave, he always used to say to me, when you ever get a question that you don't like, what you're worried about, just say Washington. Well, that ended up being very true, right? That is what you're worried about was regulation and reimbursement, and it became much more apparent over my tenure than over his.
But the other thing I think is that we say, which is really happens to be true, is our first priority is internal investments. Jim has really detailed how important those investments in IT, infrastructure, distribution, business continuity plan has been incredibly fortuitous, productive for our businesses. And I would say that the other thing that we've invested in a lot is communications and culture. And maybe that's not something that is communicable that well to investors. But it's been incredibly important. The constant communication we've had to our people has been one of the best investments that we've had throughout this period. And that's because we have quite a great intranet site and we have had the ability to have 70% of our associates working at home, but still be able to support them. And we have had town hall meetings where we have over 6,000 people. So I think that's very important.
As far as M&A goes, we always are open to look at it. We haven't seen the value offer there. A lot of our interest in M&A has been in the commercialization services area. We've -- that is very much we need really good technology, good people, good customer bases. And we literally think that when we look at acquisitions, they should be additive to our own businesses and at least equal policy. And we often just don't see that. And then the PE market has been very, very robust. So that's just hasn't been [ anything ].
I'll hand over to Jim because you asked a broad question. But now let me just say on opioid litigation. We have been busy with the pandemic. So there's essentially no substantive update. And we remain very focused on the company's critical needs at this time, but we do believe that the global settlement that has been offered is one that should be taken very seriously. And we hope that -- we hope that the necessary parties will see that the merits of the potential global framework, and we'll continue our efforts on that front.
Jim has to add something.

Yes. And then just an update -- just to be additive to what I said earlier. There's really no substantive update. Over the past 2 months, clearly, a lot of us probably including the litigants, have been focused on the pandemic response. But as we have previously said, we continue to hope that the ministry parties will see that merits of a potential global framework, and we'll continue our efforts on that front.

On flu vaccine, we don't comment on individual products, but our COVID task force, I actually had a meeting yesterday with them, and we are starting to think through what could be much more sustained demand. And vaccine is a little bit unusual, just to give you some color. But it is an area where manufacturers do, do more direct sales. And there are other distributors. If you look at the broad prescription market, AmerisourceBergen, Cardinal and McKesson have very high market share. But when it comes to vaccine, there's more distributors, there's physicians, physician-distributors, et cetera, that play a role. So it is a much more bifurcated market. So I hope that gives you some color, but we do expect increased demand for sure. And we also expect manufacturers will step up.
So I think we have time, operator, for one more question.

There have been some early changes in prescription data, which are so intuitive. So there was some increased utilization of mail order. I think we've talked about 90-day scripts being pulled forward, but I thought CBS talked about that a bit yesterday. But really market share, retail market shares hold up pretty well. I think, overall, we think that our customers will adapt. And our general belief is that things will settle close to where they should be. And just let me reiterate that AmerisourceBergen is well positioned with key anchor customers, including in the mail order sector. And of course, our specialty script business will be a great driver for long-term growth.
So we're up to 9:30. So I'm going to close up. I just want to thank you all for your time today. I have to sincerely say that during these past 3 months, I've never been prouder of the role that AmerisourceBergen plays to ensure healthier futures. And before we close the call, I want to take a moment to thank all the members of the health care community who are working tirelessly to help our country and, indeed, the world manage through this crisis. Our hearts and deep sympathies lie with all the many victims of this pandemic. Have a good day, and thank you for your attention and interest in AmerisourceBergen. Thank you.