Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. I am very pleased to discuss AmerisourceBergen's strong fourth quarter and full fiscal year results as well as to look ahead and highlight how AmerisourceBergen continues to execute a differentiated strategy and foster a purpose-driven culture to position itself for long-term growth.
Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I want to comment on some of the recent developments regarding the opioid epidemic and related litigation, which we recognize is of concern to our stakeholders, including our investors. As you all know, we have been consistent in stating our desire to address the enormity of the opioid challenge by bringing solutions to the table. We continue to work diligently and alongside partners to combat drug diversion while supporting real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities we call home, work, work in and serve.
As we communicated a couple weeks ago, AmerisourceBergen, along with our peers, reached a settlement with 2 Ohio counties in the first track of the multi-district opioid litigation. We believe that settling the case is an important stepping stone to achieving a global resolution and demonstrating that our industry is being constructive and thoughtful in how we can address this crisis and try to resolve related litigation. We expect settlement funds to be used in supportive initiatives to combat the opioid epidemic, including treatment, rehabilitation, mental health and other important efforts. With the Ohio settlements agreed upon, AmerisourceBergen and other parties will continue the complex process of working towards a global resolution. We are hopeful that the necessary parties, including many state and local governments, will understand and see the merits of the global framework as a practical path for global resolution.
We take our role in the supply chain seriously. As we continue to work closely with stakeholders to evaluate next steps concerning these complex matters, AmerisourceBergen will remain responsible stewards of shareholders' capital. Together, our Board of Directors, management team and associates are focused on developing meaningful solutions for this epidemic. AmerisourceBergen also remains committed to transparency and, as we are able to, provide shareholders and other stakeholders with information on our efforts and solutions to address the opioid epidemic and related litigation.
Now turning to our business results. Overall, AmerisourceBergen performed extremely well in fiscal 2019, driven by execution across our Pharmaceutical Distribution and Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health teams. Revenues were up 5% to $45.6 billion for the quarter and reached almost $180 billion for the whole year, a 7% increase year-over-year. We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $1.61 for the fourth quarter and $7.09 for the full fiscal year, an increase of 12% and 9%, respectively, compared to the previous fiscal year periods. This strong performance reflects the hard work, dedication and solution-oriented mindset of our 22,000 associates, who enable our company to create value for our shareholders, partners, customers and the patients they serve.
Together, we accomplished many notable achievements in fiscal 2019. First, starting with the Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment. Overall, our core Pharmaceutical Distribution business achieved strong performance despite challenges at PharMEDium. Our distribution businesses are delivering best-in-class service and solutions to a solid portfolio of customers, while maintaining strong execution across the various teams.
Our continued strength in specialty distribution and wrap around downstream practice management services produced another year of double-digit growth. We strengthened our relationship with pharmaceutical manufacturers and grew our provider customer base in addition to benefiting from a robust pipeline of pharmaceutical manufacturer innovation. Additionally, our expertise in areas such as oncology, ophthalmology and rheumatology continue to create an advantage for our market-leading specialty distribution franchise in multiple classes of trade, including health systems and physician practices.
Finally, we successfully integrated HD Smith and realized the operational synergies of the acquisition more quickly than we expected, which bolstered the strong performance of this segment. I'm extremely pleased with how our associates continue to utilize a customer-centric approach to address current market needs and to capitalize on new opportunities and believe that this approach will continue to differentiate AmerisourceBergen in the market and drive our success.
Turning now to an update on PharMEDium. Although this business faced challenges in fiscal 2019, we continue to make progress. In August, PharMEDium completed third-party audit inspections at its 2 open facilities. Based on the findings of the audit, PharMEDium's operations remain on track and, importantly, in compliance with the consent decree. The 2 open facilities continue to operate with enhanced quality assurance and quality control procedures. In fiscal 2020, we will continue to remediate and optimize operations as we continue to evaluate the appropriate next steps for the business. 
Next, turning to the performance of our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health businesses. As a group, these businesses continue to unlock value through their focus on building strong partnership with and providing robust services for manufacturers. MWI Animal Health delivered strong results as it continues to support growth and demand of its strong customer base, particularly within corporate accounts, where the business is successfully collaborating with key partners to create value commercially. MWI continues to further expand relationships with customers who are growing faster than the market.
Additionally, our commercialization businesses are benefiting from investments in leading data and technology platforms across the group, like NOVA at World Courier and Fusion at Lash, which continue to drive efficiency and execution excellence. We are pleased with the differentiated services these businesses provide and believe that their performance will continue to create value for manufacturers, especially as an increasing number of new innovative therapies come to market in the coming years. As their essential commercialization partner, AmerisourceBergen is committed to the ongoing development of an investment in forward-thinking and patient-centric solutions that further enhance the customer experience and advance access and adherence outcomes for manufacturers.
In addition to supporting manufacturers, we are continuously driving innovation across all points of care, given the ongoing evolution of the entire health care landscape. In this dynamic market environment, AmerisourceBergen continue to focus on the elements we can control, namely: number one, innovating and investing to support growth across the enterprise; two, maintaining focus on execution excellence; three, strengthening associate experience; and lastly, continuing our move towards one ABC. These objectives are in place across the enterprise as we begin the new fiscal year.
Furthermore, our differentiated portfolio of businesses and solutions position us well to achieve them. First, our core Pharmaceutical Distribution business continues to enhance safety and security and improve product access and efficiency throughout the health care supply chain. Our state-of-the-art distribution network, ability to competitively source generic pharmaceuticals, an extensive footprint in physician-administered products are some of the differentiated capabilities that enable us to drive access to pharmaceutical care across all points of the health care spectrum as well as remaining well positioned for future opportunities, such as biosimilars, a market that is evolving and remains promising.
In addition, our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health group continues to be the essential partner for manufacturers through all phases of product development and commercialization. MWI's highly efficient distribution network and strong demand-creation capabilities provide pharmaceutical manufacturers the capabilities required to advance animal health while our portfolio of commercialization services businesses offer the critical global specialty and third-party logistics services, market access strategies, patient access and adherent solutions and regulatory and compliance support to facilitate access to pharmaceutical manufacturers' lifesaving products.
As we enter fiscal 2020, we have a clear vision for execution across these pillars to deliver on continued shareholder value creation. First, we will continue our focus on alignment with key customers. We are proud of the strong customer partnerships that continue to grow well in each market segment. As a pharmaceutical-centered company, AmerisourceBergen will continue to leverage our pharmaceutical supply chain expertise and scale to deepen relationships and drive additional shared value for all of our partners, both upstream and downstream.
Second, we will continue to build on our leadership in specialty distribution and services. AmerisourceBergen provides unparalleled value through our comprehensive offering in both Pharmaceutical Distribution and commercialization services. Our extensive footprint in specialty distribution and capabilities uniquely position AmerisourceBergen to provide the innovative commercialization and wrap around services required by complex specialty products. Leveraging our strength and scale, we are growing manufacturing provider relationships, providing the best services and solutions that serve the evolving need, while developing -- while delivering a seamless customer experience.
Third, we will leverage unique insights from our partnerships and relationships across the globe and industry to bolster our development and delivery of innovative services and solutions. We continue to create and evolve our customer-focused offerings to further enhance and expand value for manufacturers and our provider customers. For example, we are developing marketing services, digital tools and benchmarking solutions that help pharmacy customers overcome the barriers and complexities of today's health care ecosystems.
In addition, we are accelerating the use of technology and data platforms to meet the data, product commercialization and patient adherence needs of our manufacturer partners. Through our businesses, we are constantly exploring ways to apply or expand our expertise to solve new challenges, such as bringing simplicity and efficiency to the complex and challenging world of cell and gene therapies. As connectors between manufacturers and providers, we remain relentless in our pursuit of the most innovative services and solutions that support manufacturer growth and enable providers to run their businesses efficiently.
Finally, AmerisourceBergen continues to focus on strong corporate stewardship. On the financial side, we remain focused on cash flow generation and strategic capital allocation to continue value creation for our shareholders. On the people side, we are advancing both our people and culture through talent development, career growth and diversity initiatives. I am proud to work alongside the 22,000 purpose-driven associates at AmerisourceBergen, and I want to take a moment to thank all of them for their tireless commitment to our customers, unwavering compassion for the patients they serve and for the collaborative, innovative and purpose-driven approach towards solving unmet needs.
Our talent is a competitive advantage, and we continue to make additional investments to enhance our associates' experience. I am personally committed to further strengthening the collective engagement of our associates to move closer towards one ABC, becoming even more unified and united in the execution of our strategy and acceleration of our growth.
Our strategy focused on customer partnerships, specialty leadership, innovations, innovative services and solutions and successful stewardship are pillars that differentiate AmerisourceBergen. It is AmerisourceBergen's purpose that provides the direction and guidance through which we evaluate everything that we do. That purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures means that we recognize our responsibility to efficiently and effectively deliver health care. Our purpose unites, motivates and empowers us to deliver value for all of our shareholders, making a positive impact on our communities, our partners and the patients they serve.
Our purpose exists in harmony with our growth strategy to ensure that we are a company that does well while also being a good corporate citizen. This is a challenge and a commitment we have always accepted and one that we are well positioned to achieve. We are confident in our growth strategy, focused on execution and dedicated to bringing long-term value for all of our stakeholders, working as one unified and connected organization to improve product access and efficiency throughout the health care supply chain.
Thank you again for your interest in AmerisourceBergen. I will now turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our fourth quarter and full 2019 fiscal year financial results as well as our financial guidance for fiscal 2020. Jim?

Yes. Bob, thanks. Biosimilars, definitely, we began to see the beginning of some traction. The numbers are still small but, of course, of particular interest to us, given our specialty franchises, those bio products, those injectable products that are utilized in the physician office setting. And I think it's just a matter of quantity. We're getting more of those, which is great for patient choice, great for affordability.
And I think what we've always said has remained very true that these products will be priced appropriately, where they'll be able to afford, not only our distribution services but many of the services that companies like ION and Xcenda offer with field-based training and Lash with patient support. So we expect that it's definitely one of the most positive aspects if you look out at it over the next couple of years. And the sweet spot for us is when there's 2 to 3 different products, which gives us a chance to compete uniquely with our customer base. So thank you.

Yes. I mean if I could just add that we see the merits of the potential global framework, which reflects, I think, sincerely intense negotiations and significant concessions and commitment from our industry, not only to financial settlement but also to innovative regulatory solutions and to free product disposal, which we think others could potentially join in it. So it's a really good framework, we think, to settle a really unproductive endeavor, which is a lot of litigation. So I just would add that.

Yes, we are continuing to litigate. We've settled the 2 counties in Ohio, the weekend before the trial was going to start, and we think that particularly the settlement that was announced on October 21 is a very good stepping stone and a bridge to what could be a global settlement, and we negotiated with those 4 attorney generals. I think I just previously characterized it as intense negotiations and with significant concessions from our industry to try and be productive and a reflection of what has been a very serious societal issue and an attempt to allow business to focus on more productive endeavors, so as I said earlier.

Yes, we are happy with the progress that Memphis is making. We were happy that the 2 facilities remained open. We are complying with the terms of the consent decree and completing initial third-party inspection. We have meaningful milestones, which we are monitoring very closely, and we're going to get important input into the assessment of a work plan, which will allow us to reopen Memphis. And as we have updates that are material or different from that, we'll certainly keep you informed because we know that, that is important to our investors and important to operations. So Jim, anything to add?

Yes, this is kind of a sort of a organic development within one of our established customer relationships, and it's a benefit here. We lost, of course, some of the Gen-x business in Gen-x Rx business. But this is -- it would be about 1/4 of the growth that we will experience next year that we budget it all. And typically, mail order is a lower-margin business for us because of fewer sites, heavy balance of specialty drugs. And -- but it's another example of our strong Express Scripts relationship and, of course, now, ultimately, our strong Cigna relationship. So Ricky...

Yes, it is. It is an operating income contributor. But of course, slightly delighted -- diluted, like there is some Express Scripts business, but very good top line and of course our second largest customer by a large measure. So I know that there were some quality difficulties with AT&T, and we apologize for that. In fact, our line was even dropped for a minute. So I don't think I've ever had that before. But I hope that you all join me in being very proud of this fiscal year in this quarter that AmerisourceBergen produced for our shareholders. Our pharmaceutical strength and strategy and expertise has us well positioned to continue to create long-term shareholder value in pursuit of our purpose. And we just feel that we have to get this line in here because Bennett loves it, I'm going to conclude by saying, ABC has 2020 vision for how we can execute and grow well in our upcoming fiscal year. Thanks, everybody.