Thank you, Keri, and good morning, everyone. Today, I am pleased to discuss our first quarter results as well as AmerisourceBergen's continued execution, the stability we have seen in the marketplace and our company's strong positioning for long-term growth and shareholder value creation. 
Revenues were up 6% to $40.5 billion for the quarter and our adjusted diluted EPS was $1.55 for the first quarter, an increase of 14% compared to the previous fiscal year period. Importantly, our core Pharmaceutical Distribution businesses are executing extremely well, growing volumes with key customers and segments and continuing to effectively manage operating expenses. We are very pleased with the strong start for the fiscal year.
We are proud of this continued solid execution, and I want to take a moment to again thank our amazing team of 21,000 associates, including those that have recently joined us through the acquisition of H. D. Smith, for their dedication and performance. As I have said before, it is our associates around the globe who help shape our culture, power our corporate transformation and drive our growth. So again, thank you.
With one quarter complete in fiscal year 2018, we believe that our consistent ability to execute and achieve more will continue to drive growth and create value in the health care market and for our shareholders. My comments today will be focused on 3 topics: one, AmerisourceBergen's proven, continued execution; two, the current market landscape; and three, our strong positioning for long-term growth.
So first, execution. I continue to be extremely proud about how AmerisourceBergen is successfully navigating the health care market. We're growing our revenue and our gross profit with a diverse portfolio of fast-growing customers.
We're successfully servicing the new business and volume from AllianceRx and Rite Aid. Walgreens has now acquired more than 600 Rite Aid stores and has said that they'll continue at an increasing pace moving forward. We were fully prepared and are seamlessly adding these stores into our entire distribution network. 
Following on the close of our acquisition in January, we are also integrating new H. D. Smith customers. As we said at the time of the deal announcement, we're very proud to bring H. D. Smith, which was the largest independent wholesaler in the U.S., into the AmerisourceBergen family. It's a best-in-class operation with a diversified customer base, and the strategic cultural fit with our own business is very strong.
Importantly, we're also continuing to make great progress in increasing the purchasing compliance across our existing customer base. This strategic and focused effort is driving generic product volume growth and helping us to offset what has been higher than historic deflation rates. 
We also continue to execute across specialty distribution, oncology and physician-administered product distribution, where AmerisourceBergen has long been the leader. In the first quarter, we marked our 16th consecutive quarter with 10% or greater revenue growth for this part of our business. 
I really believe that innovation is the hallmark of AmerisourceBergen. In the first quarter alone, we supported the launch of virtually all of the new specialty products, and we also convened more than 150 community oncology providers and patient support teams to explore the future of immuno-oncology with our ION Solutions group.
Of course, execution is also about successfully navigating through challenges. We are committed to enhancing PharMEDium's quality assurance and quality control programs and continuing to bolt its position as the industry's market and quality leader. That includes remediation efforts currently under way at our Memphis facility, where we voluntarily suspended operations in December. We are working diligently and communicating with the FDA to fully comply with the agency's 503B regulations and new compounding policy priorities. 
There will be an impact to our fiscal year 2018 financial expectations for the business which Tim will talk about in more detail in a few minutes. But this business and its offering is strong, and we feel we are best positioned to execute over the long term, meeting and growing market demand and delivering the highest-quality products to our customers.
In our Other segment, commercialization, services and animal health, market leader MWI continues to grow revenue, drive -- driven primarily by strong U.S. companion animal market. I just returned from a meeting of our MWI sales associates, and I must say that I have been consistently impressed with their knowledge and passion for the business and the customers they serve. MWI's established itself not only as the market leader, but as a valuable demand-creating extension of our manufacturer partners' businesses. 
World Courier also had a very strong first quarter. Its position as the leader in global specialty logistics services drove compelling volume growth and overall performance. We are especially proud of its recent designation as the first logistics company to obtain global good distribution practices, or GDP, certification against 3 major GDP standards and the only provider to hold a GDP certification for such wide and global scope. 
As we're continuing to execute at Lash consulting, launching the Fusion platform, which is a game-changer for the industry. The customer migration and onboarding progress is still in its early stages, which did have an impact on the statement. But we are confident that we have the right team, technology and unrivaled expertise to make this an important growth driver for our company over the long term.
Second, let's talk about the stability of the current market. Overall, we're continuing to see a stable market and competitive market. Generic buyer-side deflation been higher than historic norms for several quarters, creating a headwind for us and our business. That deflation rate, however, has been stable. We continue to see it tracking in the high-single digits in Q1, in line with our expectations. Brand inflation is also tracking in line with our projections. We have no major contract renewals on the horizon and we are making strong progress on our customer contract rebalancing efforts. All of these factors are drivers of the market and competitive stability we're currently seeing across our industry. 
Finally, third, AmerisourceBergen is strongly positioned for long-term growth. As Tim will talk about in a few more minutes, there are significant benefits for AmerisourceBergen as a result of recent tax reform. As a U.S. taxpayer with primary U.S. income, the new tax rate enhances our ability to invest in our business to innovate and to deliver value to our shareholders. Over the long term, this enables AmerisourceBergen to grow our U.S. business. 
In the last 2 years alone, we've continued our commitment to improving and enhancing our business, investing nearly $1 billion in capital spend to create operational efficiencies, leverage scale and provide best-in-class customer service. We are well positioned to realize long-term benefits from our state-of-the-art services, distribution network and IT investments.
AmerisourceBergen's innovative platform also differentiates us in the healthcare industry, and we continue to build our portfolio of high-value services and integrate them into our customers' businesses. For example, we've been able to show that community pharmacy customers that opt into our full line of services and solutions grow faster than their peers. And more growth and success for our customers ultimately means more growth and success for AmerisourceBergen.
I'm happy to report that our highly automated distribution network now includes 6 of our planned 7 new distribution centers, and we are confident that our capacity and capabilities are industry-leading. We have also made -- are industry-leading. 
We have also made strategic investments in our IT systems, positioning AmerisourceBergen to realize greater operational efficiency and increased operating leverage. As we've discussed on past earnings calls, in 2017 and 2018, we are rolling out 8 new IT systems, including ABC Order for the Pharmaceutical Distribution business, [ G ] systems at [indiscernible] and World Courier, a new e-commerce platform at MWI and Fusion at Lash. These systems enable us to better run our day-to-day business, and importantly, to quickly and efficiently service our customers and their patients.
Another driver for long-term growth in AmerisourceBergen is our established, undisputed leadership in specialty. We continue to offer one of the industry's broadest ranges of clinical trial support, consulting, commercialization services, data analytics and specialty product distribution. With specialty growth outpacing the broader pharmaceutical market, this is definitely a growth opportunity for AmerisourceBergen. 
Another opportunity for future growth is in biosimilars. With several biosimilars and full-on biologics now approved by the FDA, we're advancing towards a marketplace where those products have a greater impact on patient care. 
AmerisourceBergen has always taken a strategic approach to biosimilars, recognizing them as the distinct product class that they are, and we feel our market position, particularly our market leadership in specialty and community oncology, is a differentiator for us. 
Our diverse, fast-growing portfolio of customers also strongly positions AmerisourceBergen for long-term growth. With Walgreens, Express Scripts, Kaiser, CPA and so many others, we have both integrated strategic partnerships that support and accelerate expansion. Driven by our customers' performance and leadership in the fast-growing specialty markets, AmerisourceBergen expects to outpace the U.S. pharmaceutical market growth trends over the next 5 years. We are extremely proud of our customers and the services and value we deliver to them every day.
Finally, at AmerisourceBergen, we have the talent and the team in place to maximize and realize all of these opportunities. I'm so proud of the strength of our team and how AmerisourceBergen continues to internally develop and elevate our leaders. They are leading, executing and delivering great results.
In summary, AmerisourceBergen is strong. We are evolving and transforming our business to best meet the needs of our customers, drive value for our shareholders and ultimately serve patients. We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. 
Now let me turn the call over to Tim for a more in-depth discussion of our quarterly financial results and our financial guidance update for fiscal 2018.

Yes. I think on the core business, we carry on hitting on very well on specialty with another record revenue quarters and market leadership there and new products coming out. I think we've done very well with launches and participate in our commercialization services. As you know, we did have a tough quarter in MWI, but that was more from a comp perspective, not out of their historical norms. And Mark Shaw and Jim Frary and the team, they are working hard to make their numbers for the year, and we've got every confidence they will. And I just would say that we had good trends in utilization. Our portfolio of customers is excellent, as you know, all growing very well. And we're benefiting a bit from mix, so -- although we still see higher-than-anticipated generic deflation rates, yes, there are a lot of other offsetting trends, including specialty, better compliance and some of the rebalancing that we've done, which is a long-term process, but definitely, we're seeing that it has been [indiscernible]. The discipline that we exerted about 2 or 3 years ago is really benefiting as that top line changes even quicker than we expected it would because of deflation in generics. And then brand inflation trends were pretty much as expected, maybe slightly higher than expected. So overall, we like the quarter a lot. We just got controllable issues around our own performance with 2 businesses that we're working very hard on.

I'd say it should get back its timing. We have to ramp production up, build up inventory, get the inventories released, get customers back in the ordering cycle. So if we are correct that we get back -- that we get the facilities inspected and released this quarter, then we should see some impact the next quarter. Hopefully, we end fiscal year 2018 at the full run rate that we would expect, at least on revenue. Some slightly more operating expenses, but nothing serious, maybe 1% or 2% for higher-margin business than almost -- than any other business we have, so.

Yes. I mean, we have, as we said, about 600 pharmacies that we really have on board, and we expect to be complete by the late spring. So quarter 4 will be the first quarter that we have the full run rate benefit. And sure, as part of -- [indiscernible] it's Walgreens pricing, essentially. So yes, you could expect that would be slightly lower, but it's still manageable.

We just had our first sales integration review last week. Again, it confirms that's there's a really good cultural fit between the 2 businesses. They have competed surprisingly well against the big 3 in that independent sectors. I would say we're seeing some best practices in areas like long-term care, so where we've probably lagged a little bit, maybe since we lost PharMerica. And I think with PharMerica coming back in WBAD, we could really think about that sector and gain some reasonable market share there. We've retained -- we're not going very fast [ track ]. I think that the team wants to be cautious. It's a highly prized customer type of subset. And certainly, there are customers that were anxious to receive some of the benefits of Elevate and Good Neighbor Pharmacy. And we try to transition those on an expedited basis. But we've kept all the sales force, essentially. So far no distribution center's been cut down. And we're looking at it every closely. But we've just -- with the Rite Aid onboarding and that, we decided to go slow, again, and we had the room to do that. So -- and we've had some key executives right under the Smiths who decided to stay with us and are looking to have their career with AmerisourceBergen. And we've done very well with executives from acquired companies that assumed senior roles with ABC and contribute a lot. So, so far, we're very happy with it. It's gone well.

Yes. You could say, with MWI, since they've got everything, there have been some shifting manufacturer dynamics, with the Boehringer Ingelheim acquisition of Sanofi. So that changed some things. I think you've had some manufacturers with some competitive overlap where there were some different pricing, rebate issues. And we had a very -- I wouldn't say we had a bad quarter loss in 2017, it was just really a very good fourth quarter in 2016, exceptionally good. Maybe more onetime items, you could take them, in that fourth quarter. So yes, it's something that we were a little bit behind expectations on, but we've got a good plan. And the business, the units that they're shipping are very good. The market share is good. We did a small, little acquisition there which was very important to the East Coast sales force and the East Coast customer base. So I've had the sales meeting and we're looking at what we could do better on expense control. And so we're confident that MWI will get their numbers. And I think [ Roy's ] given them a [ graceful ] target. So when we say that we think they're going to get their numbers for this year, that's -- there will be good performance year-over-year.

Yes, we did. Thanks for the question. We did have some customers that got a bit, maybe, frustrated about the delay or got particularly price concerned, but not too many. We've onboarded about 3 or 4 customers. I'd say they're happy with the results. We just have renewed 2 new customers, well one new customer and renewed a big one. So we've got solid leadership there. And it's a big project. If we had our time over, we probably would have started earlier. But we're working with the facts we have. And it's a great business for us. It's -- I've had that business reporting to me since 1998, and this is the second year that they've had budgetary issues. So it's overall been very stable, very good at managing targets, very good at managing programs. We're in a busy time of the year there right now with the reverification processes. So we're got every confidence that it fills a great need in manufacturers. And there's also some interesting opportunities to do that sort of work, maybe more for providers. So we think we've got lots of interesting strategic opportunity. So we're bullish on Lash and think it's one of our most important franchise platform businesses.

Lisa. No, thanks, it's -- I think it's an important question to clarify. Now most of that, as you think about PharMEDium in terms of cadence for the year, I mean, we did have a couple penny impact in Q1 from lower production in December. Most of that change will be in the March quarter, but I think I mentioned there's a glide path. I mean, so most of the impact will be Q2. There will be a small impact again in Q3 as we kind of glide back to full production. And then Q4, less of an impact and really no impact because we're back to full production. So as you think about the cadence, that's the right way of thinking about it.

Okay. Just repeat the last part of that question, contracting with?

Yes. And most of the margin has to come from buy side, so services that we provide and the most robust portfolio of services we have is in our oncology and specialty area. It's possible we could have some in U.S. bio, which is a business we're starting to highlight more that is very successful in our oncology. But there's definitely going to be more and more products. I think it depends on how many products there are, it depends on interchangeability. It depends on who the manufacturer is. Some manufacturers are used to buying more services from us. So we trying to educate the market more. And I think everyone understands that ABC has some unique capabilities to bring biosimilars to market and establish market share. We understand reimbursement really well. And I think you've seen -- I was just at an oncology meeting we had in Orlando last week. And definitely, a very interested and enthusiastic group in terms of having more choices for their patients. So we're bullish about biosimilars in the long term. We just would like to see more there, just sort of clarity and flexibility and acceleration. I think acceleration is the key word, [ despite ] the number one opportunity is for cost efficiencies in the system.

So, it's again a generic deflation that was all higher than the norm. We didn't have inflation for very long, but we did -- we were having it 1 or 2 years where it was net or even slight positive overall inflation, and that was very helpful to the mix of business. So we've seen now stubbornly persistent high-single digits sort of deflation rate. And I think there's signs that, that is going to turn with product rationalizations, at least announced from the bigger players. So we'll see how that turns. But so far, we haven't seen anything that will change our guidance. And we're more at the higher end of the range. On brand, we're encouraged, I mean, a lot of increases in the high-single digits. And so sort of what we expected, maybe slightly stronger trend than we expected. But I think that we wouldn't ever expect anything more than that. That's the sort of rate that's [ directly ] sustainable. And of course, we see these increases at the gross level. At the net level, a lot of them go away a lot, and depending on the category and the competition and the product maturity. But that is definitely the gross that will match with how we've [ paid ]. So we see that playing out for a while, but we're managing with it. Your other question was on the competitive environment. We're lucky we haven't really had a lot of big RFPs out this year. We went through a stage where we had a lot. We managed through those. I don't think we lost a big one, other than where there was a customer consolidation, which everyone goes through. So the market's fairly stable. And I think we all have very similar economics and all intent on being successful public companies. So there's some natural gates there. And again, the customers have to be pretty motivated to want to leave us because AmerisourceBergen does a great job. We're very integrated with the customers, and we try like hell to keep them in enhanced level of services and do a good job for them. And so they're usually not motivated to leave. 
But I think, Keri, you want to do one more question.

Well, the 7% to 9%, we try to make that up by unit sales and better compliance from customers, which I'd say in the last few years, we've done very, very well on. Occasionally, we have an opportunity to make more margin on the buy side on a generic which could offset some of the deflation. So a product that's deflated, say, 10%, we manage to retain a bit more of the gross profit dollars, but it depends on reimbursement and the market. So -- and of course, there's been a lot of consolidation in the industry. Any time we buy a customer like H. D. Smith, a competitor like H. D. Smith, that does change some dynamics in the market. So as you get to understand pricing that others are enjoying in the market. So there has been a lot of activity in the market. And I think it's a market, certainly, where you could describe it as a buyer's market. So we're very active.

Yes. So Keri, thank you. I think we try to be well prepared explaining to you the manageable performance issues we have, I think, with PharMEDium and the fact that we see a bright future over there, and at Lash as well. We think we made all the right investments. 
Somebody was saying to me that every 483 you get, you need to treat it as a learning experience, accept it, improve your standards, improve your qualities, that's what the team at PharMEDium is trying to do. We are the leader in the industry, so we think that us setting the standard is the way to go. 
And then I would just like you to remember that on the 90% of our business, we performed very well, and in almost at all cases, above expectations and through some very strong trends. So we are, overall, really thrilled with the quarter and feel good about the rest of the year. 
So thank you for your time and attention, and we look forward to being in touch with you at some conferences and certainly on the next earnings call to update you more. 
And also, last thing I'll say is that the tax reform worked out spectacularly well for ABC when you think about preserving LIFO and such a significant benefit, not only to EPS, but to cash flow also. So we're very pleased with how that's all worked out. And we think that it's just made it a lot fairer for primarily U.S.-based companies, like ourselves, to compete internationally. So I wouldn't want to lose that. It's a very strong -- a lot of you have noted already, but it's a very strong change in our business fundamentals, which we are extremely excited about. Thank you.