Thank you, Ben, and good morning to everyone joining us today. It's hard to believe that 1 year ago on this call, I braced for the first time how AmerisourceBergen was responding to global COVID-19 pandemic. There were many uncertainties said about how COVID-19 will impact our lives, our families and our communities. Part of our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures, AmerisourceBergen enacted decisively to protect and support our associates, maintain business continuity and help our customers navigate increased complexity. Our people and businesses prove resilient and the pharmaceutical distribution industry demonstrated its vital role as a key for that in the health care system. I remain incredibly proud and inspired by where our associates and teams have adapted and innovated to support our [indiscernible] needs and facilitate patient exit. Powered by our talent and culture, enabled by a robust infrastructure and technology, AmerisourceBergen is providing value-added data-driven solutions to empower our partners with channel awareness and solutions. Importantly, our differentiated capability enable us to continue to support pharmaceutical innovation and the pandemic response both in the U.S. and increasingly abroad. This role is important for our people, our communities and our partners and embodies our purpose by operating value for all our stakeholders.  
Turning now to our quarterly financial results. As we announced earlier this morning, AmerisourceBergen delivered year-over-year growth for the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Revenues were $49 billion, representing growth of 4% from the same period last year, and our adjusted EPS grew 5% year-over-year. These results were driven by strong customer relationships, leadership in specialty, innovative services and solutions, our purpose-driven culture that unites us in our responsibility to create healthier futures.  
One way that we are living our purpose is our leading role though providing COVID-19 support going. In the U.S., we continue to distribute the antiviral and antibody therapies to health systems across the country. Through our work with the strategic national stockpile, we are supporting government preparedness for current and future potential pharmaceutical needs. Members of our Good Neighbor Pharmacy network are providing vaccine access  in their communities as we facilitate their participation in the federal retail pharmacy program. The efforts are especially important in the nationwide inoculation movement because their role as highly trusted medical professionals in the communities enables them to quickly, efficiently and definitively serve local hard-to-reach priority populations.  
Outside the United States, we continue to play an active role in global vaccination efforts. In Canada, for example, our [ NMR ] business is working in partnership with FedEx to distribute the COVID-19 backseat on behalf of the Canadian government. As I mentioned earlier, AmerisourceBergen is focused on providing value-added services and innovative customer-centric solutions. And that focus has only been amplified throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Our associates are facilitating an efficient and resilient supply chain to ensure patients have access to the critical medication [indiscernible]. In support of pharmaceutical innovation, we are providing key commercialization and distribution solutions for our partners to help them adapt to the current dynamic environment. We are leveraging our leadership in specialty distribution and services to further enhance our differentiated value proposition for our partners. Those includes expanding our robust suite of specialty capability and data and analytic solutions to further solidify our position as a partner of choice and essential for supporting pharmaceutical innovation and access.  
Just so fastly, we are able to leverage the full, breadth of AmerisourceBergen's capabilities, including our logistical expertise and efficient execution to be a solution provider for public and private partners. Working with the U.S. government and our manufacturer partner, we were able to facilitate the transportation of antiviral therapies to India. I am both honored and humbled that we were able to build our purpose in this part of need around the world. 
The standard would not have been possible with our World Courier business, a key global specialty logistics partner. World Korea continues to support the innovation of manufacturers as they now navigate logistical foundations. The importance of World Courier expertise has never been [indiscernible] and over the past year as our partner shifted to perform more clinical trials at patient homes through our industry-leading direct-to-patient capabilities, given the challenges of interfacing with patients and traditional [indiscernible]. World Courier's unparalleled logistical services, combined with partnerships have enabled a broad network of field-based services and proven invaluable keeping clinical trials moving forward. 
Our teams have been adaptable and creative as they provide solutions to facilitate better outcomes for the communities and patients that our partners serve. Our MWI Animal Health business also continued its strong performance this quarter, thanks to its strong manufacturer and provider relationships as well as its ability to facilitate better help for both companion and production animals. To support the continued growth of the MWI business and further our operational efficiency, we recently opened a new standard [indiscernible] animal health distribution center in the U.S. This new facility bolsters our animal health distribution network and enhances our service capabilities for  veterinarians and other animal health care providers nationwide. AmerisourceBergen's continued ability to provide differentiated value to our customers and partners and deliver on our promise of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures is enhanced by our ability to execute on our core growth strategies. 
First, we remain focused on our customers, one of our core differentiators with our portfolio of key anchor customers across each segment of our business. This customer base enables us to lead with market leaders and facilitate patient access wherever prescription is needed. We intend to continue to strengthen our key customer relationships and enhance our customer-centric solutions globally.  
Second, we will continue to build upon our leadership concessions. We have the strongest portfolio of customer relationships and value-added services in the industry, which enables us to advance and benefit on pharmaceutical innovation, enhancing our capabilities in specialty to support both our upstream partners and downstream customers, makes an important area of focus for AmerisourceBergen.  
Third, we continue to focus on delivering best-in-class service and developing innovative approaches to better service our customers. By embracing advanced technology data and analytics, we provide solution-oriented and value-added innovations and enable all our customers to grow, this time into our first growth strategies because when our customers grow, we grow.  
Fourth, we seek to enable positive prescription pharmaceutical outcomes globally by facilitating market access and supporting pharmaceutical innovation by providing value-added services that facilitate commercialization as well as innovative solutions to facilitate patient access on top of our unparalleled scale and expertise, we are able to get therapies to small and large patient populations. This approach enables partnerships that unlock our potential and move health forward.  
Our associates remain key to our success, and our focus on diversity, equity and inclusion as well as investments in our deepening culture have long been pivotal in advancing these growth strategies and positioning AmerisourceBergen for long-term success. Our strategy and culture are foundational to reinforcing our legacy of strong corporate [indiscernible], which focuses on bringing people first and ensuring the continued financial health of our businesses by creating long-term value for all our stakeholders.  
To ensure that the value we create is sustainable, we are embedding ESG principles into our culture, businesses and processes [indiscernible] to our overall growth strategy. Our environmental strategy focuses on adapting to a change in climate and advancing a resilient and responsible supply chain. We are leveraging our infrastructure and technology to create an efficient and secure pharmaceutical supply chain that also allows us to reduce waste, lower our global carbon footprint and prepare for unexpected events.  
For example, we collaborate with our partners and customers to create packaging and transportation efficiencies that result in significant process, cost and environmental improvements. We also understand our climate-related physical risks and have a robust business continuity  plan in place to ensure we can continue to deliver life-saving medications. On the social side, our strategy is centered around corporate responsibility and focused on investing in our people and communities to inspire our team members and foster healthy communities. We continue now, as we have throughout the pandemic, to ensure we protect and assist our associates and their families with enhanced [indiscernible] additional bonuses, physical and mental health resources and childcare and medicare benefits as part of our strong benefit programs, which now include extended paid parental leave.  
For our frontline associates, we have remained an additional important [indiscernible] such as enhanced cleaning protocols, social distancing protections and providing them with PPE. For the long term, we advanced our talent and culture by investing in the development of our people. By these investments is a new leadership competency model and development programs, supported by world class learning technology. Added then by our purpose and. guiding principles, the program focuses our leaders on creating an energized, diverse and inclusive workplace, leveraging collaboration to create and realize new opportunities, innovating and executing to prepare for the future with creative resourcefulness and being action-based to rapidly adapt to our dynamic landscape. To help all our associates unlock their full potential and empower them to reach their career goals, we've also launched a new enterprise learning model that offers a modern intuitive and tailored learning experience that is also consistent to what we expect and develop in our leaders. By aligning our people strategy with our business strategy, we create value now and for the long term. 
Another way to inspire team members is through promoting diversity, equity and inclusion. and ensuring that the collective voices and perspectives are heard -- and I remain the key focus of our investment in our workplace culture, and we encourage our associates to participating in employee resource groups. In the past 12 months, we have introduced 3 new ERGs and participation in ERGs has grown 88%. To further our community impact, we have elevated and strengthened our focus on supply diversity with a collaborative, data-driven and [thoughtful] approach to ensure the diversity of our supplier partners and aligned with this function with our broader ESG efforts. 
Additionally, AmerisourceBergen empowers our associates to participate in and need conversations that help shape the future they want to see. For example, our associates on [indiscernible] and our social justice, and AmerisourceBergen Foundation has elevated their impact by matching donation at a 2:1 ratio for organizations focused on diversity, inclusion and empowerment. I am proud that the foundation has taken new steps because I personally believe that equality is a fundamental right and that it is important to support social justice. 
Health equity has also been raised over the past year as one of the many social issues facing our societies. And here, I want to highlight the work that our Good Neighbor Pharmacy innovate provider network members on doing faster healthy communities. As transient health providers with well-established relationships in their communities, they promote health equity on a daily basis and play a major role in ensuring positive outcomes [locally]. Their credible work advances the national COVID-19 vaccination effort to reach all parts of the country's population quickly and efficiently. 
Separately, AmerisourceBergen Foundation recently made a donation to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America to support COVID-19 vaccine education and awareness, in an effort to remove barriers to vital health care access and improve the health of our communities. We are grateful and proud to have the opportunity to support healthy communities across the U.S. by partnering with nonprofit independent pharmacies.
Finally, the government element of our ESG strategy is embracing a culture of transparency, ethics and integrity, which informs everything that we do and which ensures the highest standards of government. Our commitment to do the right thing is core to AmerisourceBergen's purpose and principles. By advancing environmental, social and governance initiatives, AmerisourceBergen aims to create healthier futures around the world. This is not only the right thing to do but it also enables us to further enhance the value we create for all AmerisourceBergen stakeholders. 
In closing, we remain confident in our ability to provide differentiated value to our stakeholders, leverage our leadership in specialty distribution, capitalize on our innovative mindset and benefit from our focus on strong corporate stewardship. Looking ahead, we have strong confidence in our business and are focused on closing the acquisition of Alliance Healthcare, which will extend our distribution capabilities into key markets and further strengthen our global platform of manufacturing services. 
We look forward to building upon our strong talent base with the onboarding of the Alliance health team, treating their fantastic management team, and we are excited to begin the next evolution of enhancing our ability to provide innovative and global healthy solutions. We are well-positioned to create long-term stakeholder value and remain united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. Now I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our results. Jim?

Yes. Eric, so we invite our broadly industry commercialization services and helping with particularly specialty physicians with market challenges, which would include patient accruals and helping find those patients that -- post pandemic. We expect that there will be more resumption of innovation in clinical trials. Obviously, the FDA, from our understanding, has been very focused on the pandemic and in those therapies approved. So we always do stand willing to serve. But we need to feel that our portfolio is very adequately positioned, and we don't have any specific needs or holes right now. And have had a history of working with our physician customers on analytics and data mining. So we feel like we're well-positioned, but it's important to keep in mind the benefits that could come from using community oncologists and particularly in clinical trial accruals, so very important.

No, I just want to say that we run [indiscernible]  for majors so now, and I think it's continued to surprise the management team and -- how resilient and innovative they are. We've talked a lot about that clinical trials. But we keep on finding new ways for this business to be importantly relevant to our stakeholders. An example we give you is just what it turns with India, where we were able to facilitate the shipment of important and invested products for India really using the capabilities of World Courier because there is such a high capability, highly targeted niche area that we continue to find uses for. I also do believe that part of our synergy thesis is looking at the combination of World Courier and Alliance Healthcare in different markets, just having more of a footprint, more presence. I do believe that there, of course, is going to be another strong additive around characteristic for World Courier's opportunities in the future.

Yes. As far as -- the situation in India is obviously, heartbreaking. Of course, most of the media's attention would be focused on the high outbreak areas, and we've seen this unfortunately play out in other areas. Now just to point to a few mitigating factors here. First of all, we believe that manufacturers have had some business continuity plans and the expectation that there could be outbreaks and they're prepared for it. So we don't expect any very large interruptions in the supply chain. [indiscernible] is continuing to be transported as usual, operations continue. China's currently functioning, was also very important to have normal levels, which is especially important for raw materials. And AmerisourceBergen has, throughout this crisis, worked very closely with our supply chain. We've been able to cover the solutions in almost all situations. So we feel that we can get through it but are very cognizant and in the [indiscernible] for what's going on. And we were just tremendously proud as an organization about the work we were able to do just this week to get this very unique product into India so. And we'll support that [indiscernible] throughout our foundation and corporate brands as well.

Yes. We continue to see positive trends in biosimilars, including the high [indiscernible] systems. And we've begun to see significant utilization of biosimilars in the second quarter in health systems, but also in oncology, where some therapies, we're seeing 40% utilization for biosimilars. So very important -- important more so as mentioned before, to create room for other innovative therapies to come up. And in other specialties, that hasn't been as [ relevant ], the adoption has not been quite as quick. But oncology, when it comes to community and when it comes to specialty and trials tends to be on the cutting edge. So we believe that the strength will be led by oncology, but will continue into other specialties as well. So we think [indiscernible] is off, are and will continue to be very important for our future. With that, we have time for one more question, please.

Okay. I'm going to wrap up by just thanking everyone for their attention today. In preparing for this call, I was consulting with Bennett and his people, and they were telling me how many more -- how many you're all typically covering. So we really appreciate your attention as we focus on a tremendous future ahead for AmerisourceBergen. As we said many times ever, our purpose has been more clear during this pandemic. And during a pandemic and I'm incredibly proud of the role that our industry has played and we're staying in that industry. 
We're very confident in our business and value proposition. We're looking forward in the months ahead to closing the Alliance transaction, which is a key, key development in AmerisourceBergen's history. And we're looking forward to our 20-year anniversary coming up as an this fiscal year and to broadening our distribution and global footprint as we are all united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. Thank you for your time today.