Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on today's call. Our continued focus on operational excellence helped us deliver a strong third quarter, with revenue increasing 11% to $43 billion and adjusted diluted EPS growing 8% to $1.54. Our ability to consistently execute and maximize our opportunities for growth has helped us successfully navigate an evolving market landscape and overcome internal challenges, including the lower-than-expected contribution from PharMEDium this year, putting us in a strong position to finish fiscal 2018 on track and within our guidance range.
We believe our results demonstrate the value that our businesses are creating for our manufacturer and provider partners and reinforce our long-term prospects for growth despite any near-term uncertainty. The importance of our work and our ability to consistently execute was on full display across our businesses during the third quarter. Over the past several weeks and months, many people have asked about the landscape for our industry and questioned our ability to adapt if there are changes to the model. In times like these, I believe it's important to take a step back and look at our results in the context of the value we provide and the critical work we've already done to innovate in a fast-changing market.
In our Pharmaceutical Distribution and strategic global sourcing group, we saw continued performance and execution in the core distribution business, both in increasing volumes with our existing customers and supporting their growth. I'm excited and pleased to announce that our team has re-signed our of our key anchor customers, Humana. We've had a long relationship with this strategic partnership -- partner, and its early renewal shows a mutual appreciation and strong desire to continue growing together. Consistent with our customer contract rebalancing efforts, we were able to build a long-term contract that is a win-win for both partners and one that does not create a margin headwind. 
AmerisourceBergen continues to benefit from our history of strategic investment and leadership in the distribution of specialty products. We have the best franchise, key customer relationships and continued support to launch a virtually all-new specialty products. This quarter marks the 18th consecutive quarter with 10% of greater revenue growth for this part of the business. The connection we provide between manufacturers and our physician customers enables us to best support the commercialization of specialty products, both new innovative products and new biosimilar products and empower those physicians to best serve their patients.
As a brief update on PharMEDium, I'm proud of the execution of our associates in remediating at PharMEDium's Memphis facility. You'll recall we voluntarily suspended operations in December. We've been in active communications with the FDA and 2 weeks ago, we notified the FDA of our intent to resume limited production at the Memphis facility and commence commercial distribution this month. We expect production in Memphis to increase gradually over time and to be fully operational in fiscal 2019. While this process has certainly taken longer than we originally expected, enhancing PharMEDium's quality assurance and quality control programs to ensure patient safety was our top priority. We feel we are best positioned in the industry to meet and grow market demand, while delivering the highest quality and safety products to our customers. Additionally, we are encouraged by the FDA's draft guidance, explaining how compounding from bulk drug substance generally presents greater risk to patient than PharMEDium's model of compounding from FDA-approved drugs. The guidance provides further clarity and increased oversight around its 503B standards, both positives for our business and patient safety.
On to our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health group. World Courier continues to be the partner of choice for global clinical trial logistics, driving demand and innovating to further enhance their differentiation in the market. The team at World Courier is delivering excellent results and executing world-class logistics, moving innovation forward. We're proud to be at the forefront of supporting the successful commercialization and launch of cell and gene therapies. At Lash Group, we're continuing the rollout of the Fusion platform and successfully on-boarding new business. However, the migration of customers to this new platform continues to take longer than we had anticipated. We are being thoughtful in how and when we migrate programs to the new system to ensure there's zero disruption in service level. Lash is the leader in supporting access and adherence programs to ensure patients receive the best possible care.
Additionally, we are excited by the recent launch of Lash's new electronic benefit verification solution, which utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning and will accelerate speed to therapy and improve the care delivery experience for patients and providers. The investment and work to launch these new offerings improves patient access to life-saving medications and enhances patient engagement and outcomes. The services provided by Lash are key to supporting manufacturer programs, and the business is positioned to meet the commercialization needs of the next generation of therapies.
Innovation continues to be vital to the important work that we do throughout AmerisourceBergen, as we continue to improve our value proposition for manufacturers and downstream provider customers. AmerisourceBergen has invested for decades to ensure we operate at -- offer differentiated value to our manufacturer and provide our customers of all sizes. That culture of execution and continued innovation has positioned AmerisourceBergen as a best-in-class partner with leading-edge solutions. For example, a couple of weeks ago, we hosted ThoughtSpot, our annual trade show for independent pharmacists, where we had record customer attendance and engagement. The energy, excitement and drive to continue to grow and support independent pharmacies and their patients was overwhelming. Now is a great time to be an independent pharmacy owner. We're seeing people shift their mindsets from strictly treating illness to managing their health and improving their well-being. Because of that, the community pharmacy is positioned to provide the personalized health care experience that consumers expect. To meet the changing independent pharmacy needs, we continue to improve the programs and services we offer to Good Neighbor Pharmacy and the Elevate Provider Network. We are supporting the growth of independent pharmacies and continue to advocate for new value-based payment models that reflect the care pharmacists provide, not just the products they dispense but also for the services and advice they provide their patients. 
As I've talked with our independent pharmacy partners, their entrepreneurial spirit is contagious and they're encouraged by the new opportunities for their pharmacies and how they can further the critical consultative role they play in their local communities. In many parts of the country, these pharmacies are the only accessible health care destination, which means that the pharmacist plays an important role in the community, and they have the unique opportunity to help manage the inherent challenges that many patients face. Our GMP independent pharmacies have built up significant trust in their local communities and provide the best health care through personalized and differentiated service. Examples like these illustrate the important role AmerisourceBergen plays in the health care system and demonstrates how we create value for our partners in unique ways. Another key customer is the manufacturer, and we continue to help these key partners successfully navigate the complexity of the U.S. health care system. We service more than 50,000 sites throughout the United States, providing pharmaceuticals from hundreds of manufacturers each morning with an impeccable track record of order accuracy, all of this while bringing significant distribution center automation and vital security to the supply chain.
People often lose sight of the fact that if you're a manufacturer, whether you have one product or hundreds of products, you only need agreements in place with 1 to 3 partners in order to provide every patient in the United States access to your pharmaceutical at any of the tens of thousands of sites of care. That is no small feat. Rather than build out a complex distribution system, which requires investments to ensure security and efficiency, our key networks attract, monitor and process specific customer contract process and purchase orders and a financial arm to administer the credit and collection functions. Manufacturers can instead allocate their resources back into the health care system and invest in research and development with the goal of developing the next class of lifesaving or life-changing drugs. 
Pharmaceuticals are the most efficient care option, improving patient lives and keeping people out of their local hospital or doctor's office. Our ability to execute day in and day out and succeed in this highly regulated and complex market enables the utilization of and access to pharmaceuticals.
We thought it was important to take this step back today and provide some additional detail and context regarding the vital role AmerisourceBergen plays in the U.S. health care supply chain. All too often debates regarding our country's health care system occur at a headline level, with the cost of care and the price of prescription drugs grabbing the attention. The intricacies of how everything else works never receives equal prominence. At AmerisourceBergen, our model is built on being able to efficiently navigate a highly regulated market, while delivering value to the supply chain. The cost savings we provide through economies of scale, efficiency, security, continuous investment, automation, IT systems and a high-quality balance sheet are tremendously valuable for providers and manufacturers. The current fee-for-service model provides transparency for both manufacturers and distributors, and we believe this serves as an efficient and aggressive way of delivering appropriate compensation for the value we provide. If there are changes to the model, we will be at the forefront of discussions with manufacturers and other stakeholders to ensure that our important role in the supply chain continues to be recognized. 
As we think about our role beyond distribution and services, we remain steadfast in our commitment to build healthier futures by fostering a positive impact on the world. Corporate citizenship isn't just an obligation we have, but it's a promise we keep. We are thoughtfully improving our business practices and operations to work mindfully and measurably towards reducing our environmental impact. In addition, we provide volunteer operations, opportunities and support like-minded organizations through the AmerisourceBergen Foundation. We've detailed our progress in the 2017 Corporate Citizenship Report that is now available on our website. While it's only a representative summary, this report provides visibility into our purpose, our accomplishments and our priorities moving forward, as we continue to embed corporate citizenship values into everything we do.
In summary, we continue to demonstrate the value we provide every day to both health care providers and manufacturers in navigating our complex and dynamic health care system. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Tim for a more in-depth discussion of our quarterly financial results and our financial guidance updates for fiscal 2018.

Thank you, Tim. Before we proceed with Q&A, I would like to take a moment to thank our associates. The execution of our strategy wouldn't be possible without the 21,000 AmerisourceBergen associates who drive our value proposition and live our purpose every day. It's their performance that reminds me that we have the strongest team, the broadest experience and the deepest expertise in the industry. We are extremely proud of the critical role that we play in supporting our customers and ensuring patients have access to the highest quality healthcare treatments. 
Our businesses are established leaders in their market with key long-term strategic relationships, both with services that support manufacturer commercialization objectives and solutions that support the growth and longevity of our provider customers. Over the last year, our associates have propelled the transformation of our business and are collaborating to serve our manufacturer and provider customers in more efficient and integrative ways. AmerisourceBergen is well positioned for long-term growth. We have invested and innovated to ensure we are meeting the evolving needs of our customers, driving value for our shareholders and ultimately serving patients. We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. As always, we appreciate your interest in AmerisourceBergen. Now here is Bennett to start our Q&A.

Yes. Thanks, and obviously, it's a question that's come up a lot. And we obviously are very conversant, very familiar with negotiating with both brand manufacturers and our large customers, our small customers, and that's sort of what our role is. I always like to tell the story that we're nobody's customer, and we're always negotiating with everybody. And as you know, we live in a world where we have, well-healed competitors, and we compete every day, and I think we also are very familiar and -- with defending our value proposition. So first of all, I think these changes are probably, over the long term, going to happen. It seems like there's some opaqueness and also some elements of the current pricing systems that are difficult for patients with chronic diseases, big deductibles -- the donut hole. So we've learnt a lot. We have constant discussions with manufacturers. We've learned a lot. We're very informed, and we do think there'll have to be changes. We also are very confident that AmerisourceBergen and our industry can defend the value that we have, and we can adjust our contracts. I mean part of what we've been talking for a couple of years about is our rebalancing effort and that's because we will adjust sell sides if buy sides change. But we also feel that the compensation we receive from brand manufacturers is very fair. It's a transparent model, and we're proud of the work that AmerisourceBergen did in being one of the leaders in switching to the fee-for-service industry, and we don't think that there's a theme from anybody that our fees are too high or the services. And we had a good quarter. But look, at the end of the day, look at the operating profit that we report with all the different businesses we have, we are -- our value is very defensible, very fair. And if it was -- if we were not [ checked, ] we did not have the service, there would be a tremendous negative pressures on the whole industry. And we built these services up that we provide to our customers and to the manufacturers literally over 3 or 4 decades, and we think they're all relevant and up-to-date. And we think our portfolio is ideally tweaked to help launch these products, support mature products, launch new biosimilars, manage through generic cycles, and just these services are not easily replicable, and they're highly defensible in my opinion.

Yes, I mean, just to put a bit of a finer point on it, as Tim said, we do have -- we've talked about 10% of our supply contracts where we do get compensated on inflation and that comes disproportionately in that January quarter. But you should assume that we will have that discussion if inflation assumptions change. And again, it's not -- the inflation rate that we experienced -- this is the point we made in the script. This is not a headline business. It's too complicated, the whole way the pharma pricing works, and it's not necessary the inflation rate we experience is inflation rate that consumers, patients, government agencies experience. In fact, we know that that's quite the opposite, and there's somewhere around up to 30% of wholesale acquisition cost that still gets discounted through to the consumer. My point earlier was that, that system is somewhat sticky. It's really embedded in the way that large procurers, payers, employers are used to contracting, and we don't see that changing in 1 quarter or 2. It's a change that probably will happen, but we think it's going to be very gradual. And hopefully, it's going to happen through changes in business practices that we're part of the dialogue of. It's not going to happen probably as soon as January of 2019, that would be my best guess. It just doesn't seem to work like that.

Yes. Take Lash Group, for example, Tim, we do extreme -- that's our busiest benefit verification period, because we're reverifying everyone's benefits for the programs we do, so that's another example of why it's a good quarter. But hopefully, Bob, that's maybe a longer answer than you expected, but...

We feel positive around them. And I think this is some confusion out there, so we're happy to go on the record and give you what our sincere views of how we see some of this playing out.

Yes. We just came back from our ThoughtSpot, and it's honestly always inspiring that we had 3,000 independent pharmacies there. These guys are great entrepreneurs. They go through -- they do so many challenges from networks to DRRPs to just frankly competing against the CVS and the Rite Aid and of course Walgreens, our largest customer. It's daunting, but they're very confident in their service model, they're extremely confident in their relationships with their patients. And we have heard very interesting stories about a local payer or a local employment or even the government changing the way that benefits get designed. And them being able to use their patients to advocate and get that change because many times, they are that source of care in the community. The relationships -- you should have seen our Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year winner. I mean he lives in a county, where there's 50,000 people, about 4,000 people in the town he lives in, in Wyoming. And he just does amazing things in his community. Families [indiscernible]  community, and he knows all his patients, he knows their kids. I think he knows their animals. I mean, it's just -- and that's -- obviously, that's not a representative sample, that's just one story. but I got to spend time with him and his family, and it's -- these guys provide a unique service, the counseling they provide is second to none. I think what we're trying to do is make sure that we get recognized for that. And that maybe on the financial counseling side that there's more room and availability, less restrictions on pharmacists doing that sort of work. So just to comment on PillPack, it's one form of how patients can access medications. I've a friend whose mom uses them, he really likes it. That's just one patient. I mean some people like to shop online, some people like to go to Nordstrom, some people like to go to fancy stores on Fifth Avenue. That's the flavor of the overall market. But the big markets are -- we feel, are going to be independent pharmacy, the retailers. Mail orders reached a certain level and certain patients like that, but it's another way to access medications, and we don't see that particular customer is going to be a huge percentage of the market for the moment. And obviously, we'll keep an eye on it.

Yes. We can, Ricky.

Yes. Ricky, we would say that, notably, deflation is easing a bit. I mean you're seeing it in some of the industry data. And we probably feel like this is the level that we're going to be setting at for a while. And unless there're any market changes, we will incorporate it into our 2019 guidance, but it's just something we feel that we now are working through, and it seems like that's the norm. But it's stable at these levels. We have been encouraged by as one would anticipate, because it's a logical business reaction. And we're dealing with large public companies for the most part that some manufacturers are talking about, the rationalization of product lines. And we do see the markets firming in certain instances a bit, which is positive for anyone. On the sell side, we're very proud of the programs. We have really recontacted with so much of our customer base. I think, if I look at the release today, one of the things we're most proud of is we re-signed our -- one of our largest customers without too much fuss on a win-win basis for everybody. And I think that's reflective of the value and the way that we're contracting with our customers. We're putting a lot of heat not necessarily on this contract at all, but generally, we're saying, we're going to give you the best pricing, here's what our needs are, here's where we think brand price, inflation prices are, here's what we think happening with biosimilars, with generics, mature generics, new cell-based therapies, and we contract for all those different categories. And I think, we're very transparent and -- but also very demanding of our customers. You sign a contract with us, we expect you to adhere to those clauses. Because they are, as we said, it's -- they're very, very precise. And so we're dealing with sophisticated kind of bodies in most cases. Even with independent pharmacies, we're usually dealing with buying groups. So we're very thoughtful about it, and we expect our customers to be. And we certainly expect that they understand we need to make a fair return on the business, so hopefully that makes sense.

Well, generics is much more the volume, brand is slightly more the dollars. But we -- it's hard to gauge it. I think we have been -- and we've been very candid with you. Over the last 3 years or so, we've been very surprised at how stubbornly persistent the downdraft on generics was, right? And it's -- we've had it worked through, but we feel that, that's something we've incorporated into our numbers and our guidance. And I think we're managing through it. On brand, we're busy assessing it. Obviously, the political climate has changed. There's more rhetoric about it than there's ever been. And it's one of the things that we will try -- think through as we look to fiscal year '19. That -- maybe, Tim can give you some further color on how we think about it.

Well, we've made comments that it's about 90% of the brand purchases are covered by fee-for-service and we don't benefit from inflation. There's still a few contracts, which cover -- 2 of them are pretty significant where we don't -- we do benefit from inflation. You should have seen the discussions with those manufacturers and in some of the occasions, the inflation rates may not change but we're having those iterative discussions all the time. This is not -- we don't just meet with a lot of suppliers once every 3 years and renew the fee-for-service contract. The new products that get launched, the issues that come up from time to time, there is just contracts that expire at different rates. So we have very large resources devoted to negotiating with both brand and generic suppliers. And the brand team is a team where I know a lot of the people personally we've added terrific resources there. They're some of the most talented people in the company, and I think we are very, very honed in our messaging and I think that's very understood, the value we bring. And again, going back to the results that we report, very defensible. When you look at everything that AmerisourceBergen does, it's a very fair return that we get a fair return on invested capital and a fair operating margin and again, these are very reimbursement-sensitive products. Sometimes, these fees are not possible on. I am very familiar, of course, with part b, and we prosper in this environment, and we had good growth. Our customers are doing well, and I think that we will manage through this. We're confident that we will manage through this. It's somewhat disconcerting that there's so lack of confidence when this industry has developed -- has demonstrated value over 3 or 4 decades and consistent value and ability to transition.

Well, thanks, everyone. And I hope we've had a good dialogue on the industry and the value that we provide. I and -- Tim and myself are very proud of this quarter. We think we showed a lot of the resilience and strength that we have. We've executed on core initiatives. We're incredibly pleased that -- we took our time with PharMEDium. There's no doubt about it, but the team worked hard. We brought in some new talent, and we will begin commercial operations this month. 
That's a big step for us. We think we've worked collaboratively with regulators, and we're excited that we can get back to doing what we do best there, which is taking care of customers and doing that in the safest possible way. And the same could be said for all of our businesses. 
AmerisourceBergen is creating value for our customers, for our suppliers and for the healthcare system as a whole. And we'll look forward to seeing some of you in the next couple of months. Many thanks for your time today.