Thank you, Keri, and good morning, everyone. Today, I am pleased to discuss our second quarter results. I will also touch in the current market landscape, our continued focus on execution across our business and our expectations for the rest of this fiscal year. 
To start, revenues were up 10.5% to $41 billion for the quarter and our adjusted diluted EPS was $1.94 for the second quarter, an increase of 9.6% compared to the previous fiscal year period.
Importantly, our core Pharmaceutical Distribution services are continuing to execute extremely well and are outperforming initial expectations for the year. We are proud of this continued solid execution. And I want to take a moment to again thank our amazing team of 21,000 associates for their dedication and performance. It is our team around the globe that really helps shape our culture, power our transformation and drive our growth.
In fact, we were recently named again as a top workplace by the Philadelphia Inquirer and philly.com. This is our sixth consecutive year on the list, another indicator of our strong team and positive corporate culture. So again, thank you.
One former team member in particular also bears mentioning. Please join me and the AmerisourceBergen team as we wish the best to our colleague Peyton Howell  in her new role. We take great pride in developing our team and having the strongest talent in the industry. Peyton is an example of an executive that honed her skills here at AmerisourceBergen and developed and built a fantastic team to succeed her. I worked with Peyton in AmerisourceBergen for 2 decades and I know she will continue to do great work in the healthcare industry.
Moving on. My comments today will be focused primarily on 2 topics: one, the current market landscape; and two, AmerisourceBergen's continued execution both in addressing challenges and also in maximizing opportunities. So first, let's talk about the current market landscape. Overall, we're continuing to see a stable but competitive market. Our recent conversations with customers around contract renewals and RFPs indicate that customers recognize the value AmerisourceBergen brings as we help them manage their day-to-day operations, navigate the reimbursement landscape and ultimately grow their business. As you know, generic deflation has been higher than historic norms for several quarters, creating a headwind for us and our business. That deflation rate, however, continues to be stable. We continue to see it tracking in the high-single digits in Q2 in line with our expectations. Brand inflation is also tracking in line with our projections. We have no major contract renewals on the horizon and we're continuing to make strong progress on our customer contract rebalancing efforts.
All of these factors drive the market and competitive stability we're currently seeing across our industry. The U.S. health care system continues to evolve with several proposed deals announced recently, marking moves by some players towards consolidation. We feel that AmerisourceBergen is strongly positioned in this environment and that industry consolidation actually underscores the strength of our business strategy.
Let me explain. Distributors offer our industry the highest level of efficiency and significant value for our services. And AmerisourceBergen is further increasing that efficiency and value-add through our strategic internal investments. Our businesses like World Courier, Lash, Xcenda and ION help facilitate, broaden and ensure patient access as pharmaceutical companies continue to innovate, develop and launch new life-changing medicines.
Additionally, AmerisourceBergen is helping our strategic partner, Walgreens Boots Alliance, as well as our independent pharmacy customers as they continue to establish the pharmacy as the hub of healthcare in the U.S. market. Walgreens has successfully onboarded over 1,900 acquired Rite Aid stores, and we have seamlessly integrated them into our Pharmaceutical Distribution network.
This is a great example of how we can add significant value for our larger complex customers. We help them to scale, compete and pursue and achieve their strategic goals. And of across our independent pharmacy customer portfolio, our Good Neighbor Pharmacy and Elevate Network Pharmacies continue to run their businesses at the highest levels, outpacing the growth of their non-GNP and Elevate peers. These pharmacies are strengthened by AmerisourceBergen's services and solutions and are serving as a critical resource to patients as they care for themselves, their families and their loved ones.
In short, we see the current market environment and the future market landscape as a growth driver for AmerisourceBergen. Our customers are fast-growing, both organically and through strategic M&A, and are evolving to continue to meet patient needs and compete in a dynamic healthcare system.
AmerisourceBergen is working with our manufacturer and provider customers to provide the services they need to successfully build their product pipelines, run their businesses and to ensure patient access to the highest quality healthcare products and treatments.
Second, let's talk about execution. I continue to be extremely proud about how AmerisourceBergen is successfully navigating the current market, rising to the challenges we face across our businesses and executing to maximize our opportunities for growth. Let's take a few minutes to talk about some of the current challenges and opportunities the company's addressing:
First, challenges. Every company has them. How a company is able to execute to manage and overcome those challenges is the truest test of its ability to drive value for its partners, customers and shareholders. We are doing just that. PharMEDium. We remain committed to enhancing PharMEDium's quality assurance and quality control programs and continuing to grow its position as the industry's market, innovation and quality leader. That includes remediation efforts currently underway at our Memphis facility where we voluntarily suspended operations in December.
As a reminder, our 3 other compounding facilities have recently completed FDA inspections and have remained open. We are working diligently with full top teams of both internal and external experts and communicating with the FDA to fully comply with agency regulations and new compounding quality priorities.
Our current expectation is that we will bring Memphis back online and operational this fiscal year, but likely now in a phased manner, meaning that we won't have that facility back to fully operational until fiscal '19 -- fiscal 2019. While this is a longer timeline than we initially anticipated, completing the remediation in a way that ensures the very highest levels of quality and patient safety is always our top priority. I'm happy to report that continued execution across other AmerisourceBergen distribution businesses is helping to significantly offset the impact of this updated PharMEDium timeline. The contribution from PharMEDium's Memphis facility has been essentially removed from our fiscal 2018 financial expectations, which Tim will talk about in more detail in just a few minutes. But this business' value proposition remains compelling. PharMEDium has strong fundamentals, there is attractive growth potential and we feel we are the best-positioned in the industry to execute over the long term, meeting and growing market demand and delivering the highest quality and safest products to our customers.
Moving on to our global commercialization services and animal health group, reported as Other. We're continuing to execute at Lash Group, launching the Fusion platform, which we believe is a game changer for the industry. The customer migration and onboarding is in progress and customer feedback continues to be positive. In fact, we just completed the onboarding of our largest customer to date with high levels of customer satisfaction. However, the slower than initially anticipated ramp remains a challenge and is having an impact on that business' pipeline as well as the overall segments. We are confident that we have the right team, technology and unrivaled expertise to execute and make this process a success. 
I want to take a moment to talk about another challenge that we all face and that AmerisourceBergen is engaged and mobilized to address. The opioid epidemic. As you all know, AmerisourceBergen's role in the supply chain is one of a logistics provider and distributor. We are responsible for getting FDA-approved drugs from pharmaceutical manufacturers to DEA and state-registered pharmacies that dispense them based on prescriptions by licensed healthcare providers. We have no ability to encourage the prescribing or dispensing of pain medicines. We do not have access to patient information and are not qualified to interfere with the very personal clinical decisions made between patients and their physicians. And finally, AmerisourceBergen does not compensate our associates based on the sales of opioids.
Here are some things that AmerisourceBergen does do. We report daily to the DEA. For more than a decade, we've adhered to all monitoring requirements and provided daily reports of all controlled substances shipped to our customers, including opioid-based medication, to the DEA. That includes every controlled substance shipment every day. We stop suspicious orders. We use best-in-class algorithms and data analytic tools to identify orders of interest and stop shipment on suspicious orders. In fact, while it is an understandably difficult process with a customer, it is necessary, and we've stopped tens of thousands of suspicious order shipments over the last decade. We are a partner. We are working with Walgreens and others on the safe medications disposal kiosks take back program. We also work with our Good Neighbor Pharmacy network to offer a safe drug disposal program.
We support. Our AmerisourceBergen foundation works closely with other foundations and organizations to educate and drive programs to help address of the crisis. For example, we are providing resources to municipalities throughout the country to help them drive the safe disposal of drugs in their communities.
We innovate. We work with Prevention Action Alliance and Everfi to offer a first of its kind digital drug abuse education curriculum for high school students. Additionally, we recently joined together with leading partners across healthcare, public health and the pharmaceutical supply chain to launch Allied Against Opioid Abuse, or AAOA, a national education and awareness initiative to help combat the nation's opioid abuse epidemic.
And finally, we listen and engage. The opioid epidemic is a crisis facing all of us in the healthcare industry and in our country. Our Board, our management team and all of our more than 21,000 associates know that it is a top priority for AmerisourceBergen and I know that it is a topic of significant interest for our shareholders. We are committed to doing all that we can to address of the crisis and to providing updates and information about our efforts to you on an ongoing basis.
Now let's move on to talk more about our execution and how we're seizing opportunities across our business. As I mentioned earlier, the strong execution across several of our businesses, especially in core pharmaceutical distribution, is helping to offset challenges at PharMEDium and Lash. Core pharmaceutical distribution, our Pro formulary, continues to perform above our initial expectations for the year and deliver in an evolving and dynamic marketplace. Despite continued deflation, we are successfully growing our generic volumes. Our leadership and performance in specialty distribution oncology and physician administered product distribution is another bright spot for the company. In the second quarter, we remarkably achieved our 17th consecutive quarter with 10% or greater revenue growth for this part of our business.
We continue to support the launch of virtually all of the new specialty products coming to market and our ION Solution group remains a vital resource for physicians. Our ability to connect our physician customers directly with leading specialty manufacturers enables us to commercialize new specialty products and to contract more effectively, ultimately empowering those physicians to best serve their patients.
Another area where we executed flawlessly, driving strong performance is the integration of H. D. Smith. The onboarding of this business and the customer portfolio has gone smoothly and we're very pleased to the customer retention to date. Strategically, H. D. Smith was a strong fit for our core Distribution business and culturally, we are seeing great alignment. We're also tracking well in realizing deal synergies, all in all an excellent first 100 days after the close.
Another onboarding and integration that has gone seamlessly is our work with the more than 1,900 Rite Aid stores acquired by our partner, Walgreens. We're very proud of how well this integration has gone and our team was just meeting with Walgreens last week and received extremely positive feedback from their perspective. So it's been a win all around. The process was completed a few weeks earlier than we had originally anticipated, so we will now have a full quarter impact from additional stores for both Q3 and Q4 this year. AmerisourceBergen has a strong portfolio of companies that are made stronger by the in-house cooperation. Today, in a fine example of strong execution across our business, I want to highlight World Courier. Building on a great first quarter, this leader in global specialty logistics drove compelling volume growth and overall performance again in Q2. A strong team and recent investments in the business are proving effective at differentiating World Courier, driving demand and establishing it as the partner of choice in the distribution of the most innovative therapies.
For example, our Cocoon is the industry's most dependable and cost-effective solution for transporting pallet-sized shipments of temperature-sensitive materials. Cocoon was recently recognized for supply chain transformation at the 15th Annual Global Forum Excellence Awards and it's helping AmerisourceBergen redefine what's possible in leading edge pharmaceutical logistics.
In summary, as we meet with our customers, both health care providers and manufacturers, we continue to hear how AmerisourceBergen helps them navigate the complex healthcare requirements and how much value we bring to the healthcare supply chain. We are extremely proud of this critical role that we play in supporting our customers and helping patients access the highest quality healthcare treatments.
AmerisourceBergen is strongly positioned for long-term growth. We are evolving and transforming our business to best meet the needs of our customers, drive value for our shareholders and ultimately serve patients. We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. Now let me turn the call over to Tim for a more in-depth discussion of our quarterly financial results and our financial guidance updates for fiscal 2018. Tim?

Well, yes, the state of California was not really unexpected. It's -- it was tied to our initial -- the initial observations that we had. Most recently, the 483s that the FDA announced yesterday were for our Lake Forest facility that were very much procedural and really Lake Forest is our headquarters. It's not a -- it's an administrative facility, not an outsourcing facility. So they were in line with our previous observations. So very process-oriented documentation, but we take all of them seriously. And we expect to come out of this with a very vastly improved communication with the agency and vastly improved and safer processes that will again cement our -- underscore our leadership in this sector. Tim, you...

Yes. I don't think we're in a position to frame that, but I will tell you that, first of all, I mean, a lot of -- sadly, a lot of the deaths that are being reported are, as you know, not from prescription drug abuse. Secondly, I was at a -- in our QBF presentation, I'm sure you all know [ Doug Lohman ], I've seen him present a million times and I'm not going to be 100% correct on this, but I think he said over the last 5 years, the scripts have declined by 42%. So don't hold me to that, but it was pretty significant outside data that really showed the prescription drug trends for the opioids have gone down really significantly. And our own data would indicate that the trends are reversing. And we know that -- I know, I have a friend who's a surgeon in New York and she just told me what the restrictions are on her, and we know what CVS Caremark have announced and Aetna has announced. So there's definitely been a lot more care on prescribing and I think patients themselves are somewhat deterred by the media and worried about -- looking at alternative treatments and trying to avoid taking these medicines if at all possible. And many are, some aren't. I mean -- we also have that responsibility to those who absolutely need them. And I'll tell you that I've got a chronic -- I've got a back problem that just keeps on recurring and sometimes, opioids are the only things that will help. But if it flares or something, that's what I have to take, but I just take them for that particular purpose. So they are very important medications and there are no viable alternatives to them for excruciating pain.

Yes. Look, we felt like both in Econdisc, and to a smaller extent, but also really strategic -- PharMerica coming the formulary is going to be really good for our -- we have a strong institutional pharmacy segment and we've kind of been that missing that, some of the scale that a PharMerica brings and certainly it's not OmniCare, but it's definitely a valuable other cog in that formulary. And it pretty much rounds us out with the mail order, PharMerica, we've got just an outstanding portfolio. We are clearly the largest buying group and the most internationals been set up for a long time. Don't forget, we came into an existing partnership between, before step 2, between Walgreens and Alliance Boots, and Alliance Boots has already been in so many different countries. And so we think that our results speak for themselves. We did really well in the formulary. Our compliance rates are up. We think our relationship and the strength of our ProGen formulary operating had never been better. And analytics keep on improving, and we're very happy. I mean, one of the ways that we mitigated some pretty significant headwinds from PharMEDium is with our strong ProGen and generic performance, and that is certainly anchored by WBAD.

Yes, I'll just say, and I'll let Tim handle specific financial guidance, and I'll just tell you quickly just to end that. We have not -- we have still all the H. D. Smith distribution centers are open and I'm not sure if we've said publicly. I mean, I think it's slightly well-known that they have about a dozen operating centers, Tim, is that correct?

So we are very thrilled with how H. D. Smith's integration has gone. We're pleased with the people from H. D. Smith that have come over. We think the customer retention has been better than we expected. Bob Mauch and his team, Tom Mullin, who runs our community pharmacy, has led the integration here. This has been straight down the fairway and I continue to mock people -- people tell you we haven't -- we go around and visit with investors, people say you haven't done an acquisition. I mean it was a $900 million acquisition, approximately, with all the different fees and expenses, and we just stick the one that we already had our mind, eye on, for my whole career here since I moved up to Philadelphia area. And it's gone superbly well and certainly, at least at the very high end of my expectations, but Tim, I'll let you...

On the provider side, I would say that it's -- the industry's been -- it's competitive but very, very stable. I think we all have our core customers. We integrated with them. Our customer renewals have gone, I'd say very well. We haven't had any big high profile ones. But I just was reflecting on this as you get ready for earnings. You sort of have all these watermarks. And I would just say that when I moved to the drug company, which I referred to in the previous questions and then ultimately became CEO, I think our relationship with our customers has really evolved to much more mutually respectful, less adversarial in a way, not as much negotiating. I mean, I think there's a great understanding of why we've been doing the rebalancing efforts on brands, specialty, et cetera, the generic shifts. I think that there is much better communication. I think ABC has really moved up our strategic management and that's been a lot of really strong people, say, from the consulting side of our business that have moved up over to drug company. And I think conversely, we've worked to really improve the operational efficiencies in our specialty group through transformation and so I think we've made a lot of progress. And I would say the one business we don't talk about specifically, but it remains a really strong contracting entity with manufacturers is ION. And there's -- we've got Rich Tremonte, he's global sourcing for that group. It's [ truly ] -- you know they do an incredible job with, the people who service renewals and we do have consolidation wars in the industry. We expect more consolidation. I think manufacturers understand the difference and dynamics of ABC, the different portfolio offerings. And we try to be very consultative when we talk to manufacturers. We understand that Pfizer's now to buy some of the area, they own Hospira, for example. Merck's got just some incredibly interesting -- look at the earnings release yesterday. Some very interesting products, and we want to be their preferred partner and we want to be working with them on all things. And as they expand indications for these products, we want to help them move into different segments. So I think on the brand side, probably very exciting, cell-based therapies, across the portfolio and I do think there's going to be probably be more M&A in the next couple of quarters that you'll see in life sciences. It's been a bit quiet, but you can probably expect that, that's going to change, I would think. So Tim, any comments?

Yes, I think with some -- particularly with the physician-administered products and that was the -- interchangeability issues that you see in some of the chronic medications, say, MS or rheumatoid arthritis. And that's AmerisourceBergen's sweet spot. And I just would point again to the record revenue number that we pointed to in our legacy specialty group. This is just an incredibly strong franchise and I think those biosimilar products, we'll slide right in there. We're going to be having ASCO at the end of this month. So it's a bullish time for our specialty franchise, definitely.

Yes, thanks for the question. To be honest, it was surprising. I've known Henry Schein for a long, long time. They've don't often sell businesses, particularly good businesses and I know that it was -- has been open. I think it was pretty interesting. So we are very convinced that animal health has been a great addition to AmerisourceBergen's portfolio. We're very active in looking at whether it's international or it's consolidation type opportunities or even more service offerings because it's a complex offering. The practice management side, I think, it's interesting in animal health, as it is to us in pharmacy, as it is to us in oncology. So those are the 3 community segments where ABC is very active, where we're very interested in helping preserve, extend, enhance the role of the community provider. So anything in those areas would be very interesting to us. We think very highly of our animal health business. We think that adds, whether it's supporting Ingelheim or Merck, it's very interesting to have that added offering with the manufacturers. So it's definitely something that we want to invest in. The rest of our strategy, we -- interest in our Specialty business, in services, we really haven't changed. We don't want to own our customers. We're interested in helping our customers be successful. If we do go international, we're more comfortable to work with biopharmaceutical manufacturers. We have very strong compliance areas around FCPA, et cetera. So too much single payer government auction-type countries will not be a place you will see us be too strong in. But we've also stepped up in Brazil and Canada. We make little investments in Canada all the time for our Innomar business. This is a business, last 2 weeks, 2 or 3 weeks ago, sort of a lot of the Asian distributors, the Innomar model where we're doing a great range of services from pharmacy to specialty distribution to call centers to reimbursement management, are all within one facility, including in Canada. So we're running [ 2 facilities. ] These are all very interesting to global services companies. So -- and they dovetail very well with what World Courier is doing which is just performing exceptionally well. We can't tell you how thrilled  we are with World Courier's performance. And it's a great example of where ABC has added tremendous value to an acquisition. So hope that answers your question. I went on a bit long and I know we're running out of time, so we'll move to the next question.

I think the biggest concern for us is the health of our trading partners and particularly the manufacturers, if they have a lot of pressure from pricing. But I don't think that any of this is simple. It's going to take a long time. We all know that D.C. doesn't move quickly in these areas. There's a lot of committees that have jurisdiction. Health care is definitely -- Senate Finance, House Ways & Means, there's is a lot of different committees. There is CMS, et cetera. So there's the FDA to a certain extent. So we don't -- we will be an interested participant. We think that our value proposition remains very strong. We think our role with the manufacturers and customers is as strong as ever. And I think the specialty franchise we have made us even stronger. So Tim, any last comments on this question?

Yes, on Fusion, definitely it's been a big investment. It's a very -- it's a really complex implementation. We just implemented our largest customer and that's gone well. If we had the benefit of a rearview mirror, I think we would have started probably a year or 2 earlier. But we -- it's going well. We're proud of it and got a very bullish note on -- from our CIO who was down there a few days ago and he spent a lot of time with the team. We have a new President of Safety that we have a lot of confidence in, been with ABC a long time and has done a great job for us. So we're seeing smaller customer -- new customer growth, but it's -- Lash has been -- they've reported to me, this is the 20th year since we bought them. And this has definitely been the toughest year we've had, this fiscal year, with some customer losses and the transition and some duplicate expenses. Plus it's just a very large personnel business. So we have a lot of fixed overhead there. And when we have the revenue being slightly damp, it makes it hard financially for us. But yes, it's a great franchise. Our market share there is still outstanding. There's no one who is even a close number second. Again, like all of our ABC businesses, I feel we're making the right investments for the long term.

Yes, thank you. Thanks for your attention today. Our remarks were some 40 minutes, so we went a bit over. I appreciate that, I know it's a busy day today with earnings. But again, as you think about this quarter, obviously I know a lot of you will be thinking about PharMEDium. But we'd like you to also think about solid execution that we had, execution has been the theme that Keri and Bennett adopted for this year in terms of our communication with investors. And I think that we lived up to it really, really well. We couldn't be happier with the way many of our businesses performed. We mentioned World Courier, we mentioned ION, we mention our ProGen program. We mentioned our relationship with community pharmacies, and hospital renewals, et cetera. All the core blocking and tackling, the Rite Aid implementation, the scale that we are helping to create with our partners at WBAD and Walgreens and the solid relationship we have with other customers like Express Scripts and Kaiser. So we've -- we feel very well positioned for long-term growth. We have great talents and teams. We talked about Fusion. That's an example of a very well-placed investment that we're making and there are many other examples, including the distribution network we have. We have strong growth, a strong portfolio of leading customers that we have often talked about as we want them to be customers for life. And we feel that our position in the supply chain is very fundamentally strong and is only improving. So thanks for your time today. We look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.