Thank you, Bennett, and good morning to everyone on the call. AmerisourceBergen has had a strong start to our fiscal '21 year. We delivered exceptional results, driven by our differentiated commercial solutions, with revenues of $52.5 billion for the first fiscal quarter, representing growth of 10% year-over-year, and our adjusted EPS increasing 24% versus the prior year quarter. 
Building upon our business resilience, our teams executed and leveraged our capabilities to create value throughout the supply chain. Our purpose-driven culture continues to empower our associates to think, plan and act decisively to support all of our partners and to facilitate patient access to critical medical treatments. 
In addition to these results, as we announced in January, we entered into a strategic transaction with Walgreens Boots Alliance to acquire the majority of its Alliance Healthcare business and extend and expand our existing distribution agreement. As we have said, these agreements are part of the next evolution of enhancing AmerisourceBergen's ability to deliver innovative solutions for our partners, further building on our platform to deliver key distribution capabilities and value-added services to support patient access in new geographies. 
AmerisourceBergen's ongoing focus on patient access means providing innovative services and solutions to support our manufacturer partners and provide customers with our differentiated value proposition. World Courier, for example, is highly sought after for its expertise in helping manufacturing partners navigate complexities on a global scale. 
During the pandemic, World Courier's proven track record as an international leader in specialty logistics have enabled us to support our customers worldwide against a backdrop of changing local restrictions, limited air traffic and additional operational challenges. We have been able to facilitate direct-to-patient services and global clinical trials at a time when both demand and complexity for these services was understandably at its peak. 
Similarly, we continue to support patient access to vital treatments for COVID-19. Thanks to our robust suite of specialty distribution capabilities and our deep industry expertise, we are uniquely positioned to support our public and private partners. And AmerisourceBergen is both honored and proud to be able to be part of the solution to help them preserve public health. 
In the U.S., we continue to be the distributor of antiviral and antibody therapies, which are playing an increasingly important role as more and more hospitalized patients are receiving these treatments to help them recover from COVID-19. In Canada, our Innomar business is partnering with FedEx as the primary distributor for the COVID vaccine. 
Our team in Innomar is safely and securely storing the vaccines in its storage facilities across Canada and packaging them to support the temperature requirements specified by the manufacturer. AmerisourceBergen's scale and expertise in specialty as well as our culture of delivering collaborative and innovative solutions enable this important work. 
We have spent years building on and enhancing our leadership in specialty distribution. This continued investment in, and focus on, an important part of the pharmaceutical market continues to benefit both AmerisourceBergen and our partners. 
And over the last several months, the ability of our sourcing and commercial teams to leverage our expertise and data and analytics capability is foundational to our ability to play an important role in providing the specialty distribution solutions for COVID-related treatments. We deliver a clear and differentiated value proposition for our partners in the U.S. health care system and continue to focus on building on our strengths in specialty distribution as those capabilities continue to be even more important to all our customers. 
AmerisourceBergen's strong portfolio of customers is another important differentiator for us as it is an important driver of growth across our businesses. Over the years, AmerisourceBergen has made it a priority to have long-term strategic relationships with manufacturers and providers that embrace and appreciate collaboration. 
As we announced last month, we have agreed to strengthen our strategic partnership with Walgreens by extending and expanding our commercial agreements. This extended and expanded partnership in the U.S. will allow us to create incremental growth and efficiency opportunities, enabling each of our enterprises to better serve our respective customers. 
Teams from both our companies have already identified new opportunities for enhanced growth and efficiency in the areas of logistics, transportation and distribution. As we continue to realize improved capabilities derived from this partnership, these initiatives will enhance our ability to create differentiated value for all of AmerisourceBergen's customers. 
One customer group for whom we have consistently created new incremental value is our independent pharmacy customers, including our more than 5,000 Good Neighbor Pharmacy and Elevate Provider Network members. These independent pharmacies provide critical care for their communities, and their fearlessness and adaptability as entrepreneurs have enabled them to rise to the changes of the pandemic. 
We are proud to have been able to support them with the tools they have needed to connect with their patients and keep them healthy. We look forward to working as a medical administrator on behalf of qualified and eligible pharmacy network partners to support vaccination efforts in their communities when we enter the broader inoculation phase here in the United States. 
In the Animal Health segment, our MWI business has moved swiftly to deliver innovative solutions to help our customers succeed in the current environment. These include ensuring that MWI associates are accessible to our customers 24/7 and bolstering our customers' abilities to offer virtual services to their pet parent clients, including innovative client communication solutions and home delivery services of quality medications and pet care products. 
AmerisourceBergen's long-term focus on strong customer relationships, leadership in specialty distribution and manufacturer services and our continued ability to support innovation had solidified our market leadership and business strength over the years. From this position of strength, we recently took a significant step to empower the next evolution of enhancing our ability to provide innovative and global health care solutions. 
As we announced last month, we entered into a strategic agreement with Walgreens Boots Alliance to acquire the majority of its Alliance Healthcare business. Through this acquisition, we will extend our distribution capabilities into key new markets, adding depth, breadth and reach and strengthening our global platform of manufacturer and other value-added services. With expanded scale and added services, our combined business will be able to better support pharmaceutical innovation through a global footprint of broad dealership and local expertise, which further positions AmerisourceBergen as the partner of choice. 
The pandemic has heightened both our public and private partners' awareness of the value of a strong and capable pharmaceutical supply chain, and Alliance Healthcare better positions AmerisourceBergen to meet its increasingly global nature as well. As our global footprint expands, so too does the importance of corporate stewardship. 
AmerisourceBergen understands and appreciates the value of being a responsible enterprise, and our recent initiatives including continuing to advance our talent and culture, accelerating workforce diversity and inclusion and further investing in and supporting our associates. We remain vigilant in our efforts to protect the safety and wellbeing of our associates as the COVID waves affect various regions and teams, and the importance of the work we're doing remains unwavering. 
Driven by our purpose, we are maintaining our enhanced protection and safety protocols and appropriately compensating frontline associates. Remote work is still the prevailing policy for all suitable roles. We are watching the situation closely, as I'm sure all of you are doing, and we'll continue to prioritize the health and safety of our associates. 
Underscoring our efforts to support and empower our associates around the world, AmerisourceBergen was recently certified as a Great Place to Work company, following their surveys of employees around the world. The survey revealed that our associates reported a consistently positive experience with peers, among leaders and in job responsibilities. We saw high scores for all indicators, and our overall score was significantly higher than the typical U.S.-based company. 
Additionally, for the fourth year in a row, the Human Rights Campaign has recognized AmerisourceBergen as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality, awarding us a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index due to our nondiscrimination policies, equitable benefits, support of an inclusive culture and focus on corporate social responsibility. AmerisourceBergen recognizes the business and personal importance of having a culture that is inclusive and equitable, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation or gender identity, and for veterans and people with disabilities as well. 
To this end, we are accelerating our diversity and inclusion strategy to become an even more diverse and equitable company. Over the past months, we have conducted a comprehensive D&I organizational assessment; initiated a global D&I strategy to support a more measured and engaged workforce; formed a D&I Council, led by senior C-suite executive; and signed the CEO Pledge for Diversity and Inclusion, which is a commitment to increase diversity and support more inclusive work environments. 
AmerisourceBergen strives to ensure that our associates feel they are part of a fair, inclusive and transparent workplace. A diverse, inclusive and equitable culture is a proven enhancer of business value, and these initiatives will ensure that we have the right programs and tools in place in the short term so that we can become a leader in this area in the longer term. 
Our success in advancing our progressive culture, one that is fueled by the passion, pride and dedication of our purpose-driven associates, is visually embodied by our new brand, which we unveiled last week. The new brand embodies a spirit of innovation with the design that is energizing, confident and inspiring, while also displaying our unity as an enterprise when we go to market. 
As we continue to move our business forward, we remain committed to advancing a differentiated culture that inspires our associates, unites them and helps them develop and achieve their full potential. Our business strength is a direct result of having engaged, passionate and dedicated associates, and a focus on advancing our talent and culture remains a key strategic priority. 
In closing, I want to take this time to thank our associates, who have continued to execute across our business to help us deliver innovative solutions to our partners. As AmerisourceBergen continues to evolve, we are empowered by our purpose, and we will build upon our strengths to drive growth across the enterprise. 
We will further strengthen our portfolio of solutions and customer relationships, enhance our specialty capabilities to support both upstream partners and downstream customers, continue to focus on execution and supporting innovation and enable positive outcomes globally by facilitating market access and supporting pharmaceutical innovation. I continue to be inspired by, proud of and confident in our teams, who rise to the many challenges and complexities that we face with courage and effectiveness. By being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures, AmerisourceBergen is purpose-driven and well positioned to create long-term sustainable growth. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of our financials. Jim?

Lisa, thanks for your comments. I'll take the first question. I'm worried I won't get a question if I don't answer this one, given all the guidance there. But I just think we should go back to the 2013 deal. And it was really a remarkable deal that, in many ways, changed our industry. 
WBAD, of course, was a key feature in that. That was a big change in our industry. And we were able to get much more competitive pricing for our generics, but also the way we structured the distribution agreement with taking on the generics of Walgreens, which I think it's been a terrific benefit to not only Walgreens, but to ourselves and our scale and leverage and also brought, again, more competitive pricing to our customers. 
So the way we set that up was really brilliant, I think, and very -- it stood the test of time. And the agreement has self-regulating mechanisms, and it's still working through 2029, which this next phase of our contract will go through. We took into account changes in brand mix, many areas like that. So we didn't really have to make the adjustments because those market mechanisms were already in place. 
And then the second part of your question, I believe, Jim was going to answer.

Yes. Ricky, thanks for the question. So I actually was on a couple of calls. I heard Dr. Fauci speak last night. We had Dr. Gottlieb as a guest at our ThinkLive Commercialization summit. And of course, we are all fixated on this. And I do believe that the U.S. is going to get tremendous amounts of supply in the next couple of months. 
And the Pharmaceutical Distribution is highly efficient and sophisticated. I kind of wrestle a bit when people point to any impediment to vaccination and distribution, and it's just such a misnomer. And we believe that people will get -- the patients will -- well, the supply chain will not be a problem. As you know, the U.S. has got an appropriate infrastructure to ensure accurate and timely delivery. 
I also do appreciate that, in the U.S., we've seen that this really enhances the role of distribution and supply chain as the whole COVID pandemic has, really, explodes the importance. And we like to talk about companies like AmerisourceBergen being the invisible pillar of innovation, and I think that's very true. Without us -- that getting the products to market and the access that we talk about so much has been -- would not be as efficient as it is. 
We are doing the distribution in Canada. Of course, Canada is sourcing their product from Europe. We're proud of that role, and also proud that our World Courier business is doing some very complex logistics. We actually heard again at the ThinkLive summit the heralding story of Norway, where we had to charter a boat to get some products to remote island before it expire. So there's terrific stories. I'm sure that everyone involved in this unique logistics and distribution challenges has got great stories to tell. 
Moreover, I would just say our future Alliance company and, of course, we'll let them talk about it, is also playing a role in vaccine distribution. So ABC is well positioned to be a central provider for logistics and distribution. Thanks.

No. It's -- there have been about 5 or 6 EUA products [ been at draft ], and we are playing a prominent role in almost all of them because of the unique capabilities that AmerisourceBergen has on data reporting. We have every hospital in the U.S. just about registered as a customer on the licensing, and then just the ability with limited supply and unprecedented demand and really waves the demand. To quote a term that our competitor used a lot, nonlinear [ and bent ], so just based on patient inputs. 
And so it's been quite extraordinary,, the role that we played. And you will see that, of course, fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and Jim has spent a lot of time explaining that. But the therapies are important, and we hope that they won't be as much in demand as they were in the first quarter. So thanks.

Yes. And as I've said, the ThinkLive Commercialization summit was held this week. It's the first virtual one. And really, we took our core businesses and focused on emerging trends like cell and gene therapies, access and reimbursement issues, copay accumulators, various issues that are foremost in manufacturers' minds. 
And I have to tell you, I had to stop listening to the -- I had to drag myself away from this thing because it was such compelling content that we were able to provide. We have such excellent people that understand the manufacturer side and understand the commercialization process, product life cycles, emerging trends on innovation. It was really just -- I couldn't have been more proud of the way that our people showed up in this conference, and I look forward to seeing the rest of it because, really, AmerisourceBergen's expertise. 
And you think of the work that World Courier does, it's remarkably complex. And we do it so well, and we have such outstanding people. And we've displayed leadership in this area for many years as we have at Lash and so many of our other commercialization businesses. So thanks for the question.

Yes. We continue to see progress in our discussion with the various parties. We did record an accrual at the end of our fiscal year, September year-end, as we believe the liability is estimable and profitable. Given ongoing discussions, we really are limited in the comments, unfortunately, we can make about that. So thanks for understanding. 
With that, I'm going to close out today's call. I couldn't be more proud of the execution in the last quarter. The group at AmerisourceBergen continues to utilize our scale, capabilities and expertise to deliver differentiated solutions for our partners. Our strategic focus on pharmaceuticals, long history of leadership and investment in specialty and strategic partnerships with customers and manufacturers continues to be foundational to our success. 
As we look ahead with excitement for the opportunity to build on our differentiated platform with the Alliance transaction, I continue to be inspired by internal focus on also advancing our talent, culture and workplace. We are powered by our associates and guided by our responsibility to create healthier futures. Thank you for your time and attention today.