Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. As we continue to operate in a very fluid environment, and I was pleased with our ability to once again deliver strong profitability in an unpredictable sales environment. Total sales from continuing operations were $1.7 billion, a decrease of 19.4%, same-restaurant sales decreased 20.6% and diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.74. The last 2 weeks of the quarter negatively impacted our same-restaurant sales by approximately 200 basis points as we quickly went from 97% of our dine rooms being opened in the middle of the quarter to only 80% being open at the end of the quarter. 
As a reminder, Thanksgiving shifted back into our second quarter this year, and we believe guests modified their behavior in advance of the holiday. During the quarter, we remained focused on 4 key priorities: the health and safety of our team members and guests, in-restaurant execution in a complex operating environment, deploying technology to improve the guest experience; and transforming our business model. The health and safety of our team members and guests has always been our top priority. We continue to follow the latest guidance from the CDC as well as our own enhanced safety protocols to create a safe environment for everyone. This includes daily team member health monitoring, requiring masks for every team member, enhanced cleaning procedures and social distancing protocols. I'm proud of the commitment our teams make every day to keep our guests and each other safe. 
Second, our restaurant teams remain focused on our back-to-basics operating philosophy to drive restaurant level execution that results in great guest experiences, whether our guests are dining with us or ordering curbside to go. Our teams have been operating in this environment for 10 months. And they've become very adept at adjusting to the ever-changing COVID restrictions, but it's still not easy. That's why we remain committed to our simplified operations, including streamlined menus, processes and procedures, which continue to strengthen our execution. And our guest satisfaction metrics confirm that our restaurant teams are doing a great job delivering exceptional guest experience in this challenging environment.  
Third, we continue to deploy technology to improve the guest experience. Our brands benefit from the technology platform Darden provides, allowing each of them to compete more effectively by harnessing the power of our digital tools, including the 25 million e-mail addresses in our marketing database.  
During the quarter, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse launched refreshed websites, and all our brands continue to use their digital storefronts effectively. More than 55% of our off-premise sales during the quarter were fully digital transactions where guests ordered and paid online. And at Olive Garden, 20% of our total sales for the quarter were digital.  
During the quarter, we also rolled out curbside on here, which allows our guests to easily notify the restaurant that they've arrived to pick up their curbside to go order by simply tapping on a link embedded in a text message. As a result, our operators are spending less time on the phone and more time focused on ensuring orders are accurate and on time, which is leading to improved guest satisfaction scores. We also introduced waitlist visibility, allowing guests to see their place on the waiting list using their phone regardless of whether they've checked in online or in-person. 
And we're working on several other initiatives, including streamlining our online checkout process and adding additional mobile payment options to provide even more convenience for our guests. We continue to accelerate our digital journey, and I'm encouraged by the progress we are making.  
Finally, we continue to view this environment as a rare opportunity to transform our business model for long-term growth. We continue to make investments in our team members, product quality and portion sizes to ensure we emerge even stronger and better positioned to grow share. Olive Garden same-restaurant sales declined 19.9% as capacity restrictions continue to limit their top line sales. Olive Garden began November with 56 dine-ins closed and that number accelerated to 208 by the end of the month. However, they were able to deliver strong average weekly sales during the quarter of more than $73,000 per restaurant, retaining 80% of last year's sales.  
Olive Garden also continued to realize operational efficiencies and strengthen margin as a result of a simplified menu and the elimination of promotional activity, including discounts. In the current limited capacity environment, the reduced marketing spend was focused on showcasing the convenience of their off-premise experience while featuring compelling core menu items rather than limited time promotions. This led to increased segment profit margin while making additional investments in abundance and value. Additionally, off-premise sales grew 83% in the quarter, representing 39% of total sales. Enabled by the technology investments I mentioned earlier, our Olive Garden improved their to go experience and achieved another all-time high in guest satisfaction for having orders ready to pick up at the time promised. Finally, Olive Garden successfully opened 3 new restaurants in the quarter.  
LongHorn Steakhouse had another solid quarter. Same-restaurant sales declined 11.1%. Almost 20% of their restaurants grew same-restaurant sales in the quarter. They also successfully opened 3 new restaurants during the quarter. The LongHorn team remains laser-focused on the strategy of increasing the quality of their guest experience, simplifying operations to drive execution and leveraging their unique culture to increase team member engagement. During the quarter, the team did a great job of managing controllable costs, while their simplified menu drove improved labor productivity. Finally, LongHorn grew off-premise sales by more than 175%, representing 22% of total sales. And now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Thanks, Rick. This morning, we also announced that Rick will become our President and Chief Operating Officer. Rick's career represents what our industry is all about. He joined Darden as a buster at Red Lobster in 1984, and has worked extremely hard mastering many functions. On January 4, he will become the President of the world's largest full-service restaurant company. He's been a great partner to me over the last 5 years, and I look forward to working side-by-side with him in his new role. Additionally, we announced that Raj Vennam will become our Chief Financial Officer. Raj began his career at Darden in 2003 and has done an exceptional job in every role he has held. His promotion recognizes the significant contributions he has made to our individual brands as well as the greater organization. With a brilliant mind and the keen understanding of our industry, Raj is the perfect person to take over for Rick. I'm excited to see him expand his role in the company as CFO. Rick and Raj are here with me in the room today, and I want to take this opportunity to congratulate both of them.  
I want to close by recognizing our team members in the restaurants and at the support center. I can't say enough about the dedication they've demonstrated throughout the year. Their focus, commitment and determination is exceptional. With multiple jurisdictions implementing dining room closures, we know many team members will not get the hours they needed during this holiday season. That's why we have reintroduced our emergency pay program that will provide 3 weeks of emergency pay to team members who are furloughed from their restaurant when dining rooms are closed. Our [ people ] are our greatest competitive advantage, and we're committed to taking care of them. On behalf of the management team and the Board of Directors, I want to thank all our team members for your tireless effort to serve our community by providing the comfort of a warm meal. Thank you for going to the extraordinary lengths to take care of our guests and each other. I wish you all a safe and a happy holiday season. And with that, we'll take your questions.

No, absolutely not. I plan on being as involved operationally as I ever had. That's my strength. I mean, I see this is an opportunity to create growth for both Rick and Raj. I think it's going to give Rick an opportunity to understand operations more deeply. Obviously, he has a great relationship with our Presidents today, but I think it's important for him and his development to get a little deeper into the operations and get to know and oversee a lot of the other people that make things happen, just not the President. I also think it's important for him to partner with me on making sure that we are leveraging all the nonconsumer facing parts of our business and to see if there's an opportunity to continue to find additional synergies to enable us to further invest in our business. And so I see this as an opportunity to to work with people that deserve the opportunity to grow. And more importantly, have an extra set of hands to be able to do some things and look at things maybe a little bit differently. Given Rick, the freedom and the time to look across the organization and see where we can pick up some additional synergy, I think, is a good thing. I think that I try to do that, but in a position that I was in, but there's a limit to the amount of time you have. I think given, Rick, that time will be very beneficial to the organization as we forward. So I'm excited about these changes. It has. It's -- I don't think anybody should read anything into it. I'm going to still be heavily involved in food service and atmosphere, just the way I am today. And I look at it as a great opportunity. I also look forward to working with Raj and giving him a chance to develop into a world-class Chief Financial Officer. And I think that's going to be really exciting. So don't read anything into it other than we're creating growth for our people, creating new opportunities, and we have a few things that we want to get done with this change.

Yes. We have no definitive plans to put back marketing at this point in time. Obviously, we have -- we have developed multiple options of how to come back and use those resources that we have. But I think in part of your question, I think the answer is there is that we're going to look and see what the competitive environment is like. We want to see what the pent-up demand is like. And we're going to put back the marketing -- put marketing resources back in the business judiciously. And I would love to get to a point where we can grow our business and rely a little less on advertising spend. We really like the P&Ls with the marketing line at the level it's at right now. And so there's no predetermined outcome on this. We just -- we need to get into the competitive environment and then make our decisions then. We have developed multiple options, if needed.

No, I don't think -- I mean, I think that my position on closure is still in that 5% to 15% range. And it's unfortunate that a lot of these small businesses are being impacted this way. Because I do think it has -- it will have a negative impact on the creativity of our industry, so on and so forth. So as far as real estate goes, I think that -- my position on that is still pretty much the same is that there's some more availability out there right now. However, we're not seeing any weakness in the rent deals. I think what we're -- I think there's some speculation going on out there right now with some of the REITs. So I think as we move forward, we'll continue to try to grow our businesses responsibly. We want to eventually get back into our long-term framework. We'll give you some more guidance in March, exactly how we're thinking about FY '22 development. But we reconfirmed our guidance for this year and hoping that we can get the number of restaurants that we talked about in the press release open. And we have a bunch of restaurants today sitting there ready to go that are ready to open. We just need to -- our guideline here is once we get to approximately 50% occupancy in a jurisdiction, we will go ahead and open that restaurant. We've been very successful doing that.

Good question, Brian. I think we think about it in 3 ways, right? What are we doing to to ensure that we can grow the base from a same-restaurant sales perspective. And I think a lot of the simplification and the efficiencies that we're creating. But more importantly, and I think I talked about this in the last call is, as we brought our menus down, we've learned a lot about guest behavior and what the guests want to buy without our nudge and I think that's really been eye-opening for us. And I think that, that's going to strengthen the operation and day-to-day operation on that side. So I really think that we're well positioned there. We've done a lot of good work to ensure that our brand is set up for success.  
Secondly, we talk about transformation. And when we go to the second bucket of growth, which is new restaurants, the key here is that we believe that the business model from a cost side is much stronger than it was pre-pandemic, which should enable us to be able to grow, and especially in Olive Garden, deeper than we may have thought we would be able to grow pre-pandemic. So that's 1 of the things that I'm really excited about is we think that we can actually, over time, tick up Olive Garden growth and handle -- because of the improvements we've made, we think we're going to handle the cannibalization a little bit better and still get a good return on our investment.  
The third bucket that you highlighted was really around how do we continue to add brands to the platform. And as I've said forever, we continue to look at what our options are, the filter that we use really comes down to, does it benefit us to put that brand on the platform? Does the platform benefit that brand? Do we think you can grow faster than Olive Garden to improve our growth rate. And we've historically done something every 3 or 4 years. This has obviously been a different period of time, but we believe that to be an avenue of our growth and to support our long-term framework. And so I think we're really well positioned in all of those -- in those 3 buckets to drive the business. The last thing that I would say is I think that in this transformation, it's moved a lot of the technology forward faster than what we originally are planning to do. And the big change for us is moving from -- moving how we handle the off-premise business, which has been a big part of our growth historically over the last 5 years as we capture the convenience trend. But really getting clarity that this is going to be a curbside business that's going to be technologically enabled versus someone coming to the restaurant and getting out of the car and coming to pick it up. And I think that we've really worked hard and our team has done a great job. And I think that experience today, when you come into an Olive Garden, especially Olive Garden and LongHorn in all our brands. But really, this is an Olive Garden play because the food travels so well. I think that, that's going to really be a competitive advantage going forward.

Well, I think there are still geographic problems, and I would say that we were really adhering to the social distancing. But the business, in some ways, I gave you that because I said we -- in the last 2 weeks, cost us 200 basis points for the quarter. And so I think there are parts of the country that were performing really well. And I think you can look at the mobility index out there and see what parts of the country were performing well. And so you look at Georgia and Texas, Florida hasn't been performing as well just because the tourism is down, and we have a lot of restaurants based in tourism. But in our non tourist markets in Florida, we're performing well. So we had some good momentum, but we all -- we knew as a management team that we weren't -- this wasn't done that we were going to face this second wave, and we were prepared for it. And we had good processes, and we've been able to wind down the businesses effectively to off-premise only, and then we'll quickly be able to wind them back up and take advantage of the opportunity.

I'll let our new President answer that.

Yes Jeff, labor is definitely is a little bit of a question mark right for us and for the industry. But as we think about labor, we've dealt with the structural increases over time very effectively. We are better positioned than anybody else in the industry to be able to deal with that because of where our margins are today. Now do I -- at the bottom if you're asking me, do I think there'll be a a federal minimum wage increase that's similar to Florida? I think over time that we will see federal minimum wage increase, but not at the same rate as Florida. I think the key for us and the way we're thinking about it is how do we get to the right tip wage and to keep that relationship between the constituents, the 2 constituents, the guest and the server that don't want that relationship to change albeit people in public office and some advocacy groups believe that, that, that relationship should change where our team members and service really don't want that to change. So how do we protect that, get that to the right level? If we're all -- if the industry is all faced with it then we're going to have to figure out how from a pricing standpoint, we are able to pass that through. I think long term, when I look at the P&L and think about it, I think it's -- California is an example of it today. You're going to end up with a little bit lower cost of goods sold and a little bit higher labor cost. But you're going to end up at the same place. And so as long as you're thinking about it that way, I'm confident in our ability to manage that over the long term. Could it have some short-term impacts and volatility, the cost structure? Yes. But long term, I like where we're positioned and our ability to be able to deal with it.

Yes. We seen -- I think we talked about on the last call, the biggest transformation we've made in the cost structure has been at Cheddar's as we simplified the menu. We really were able to get in there and look at all the processes and procedures from the back door to the dining table, and the team has made great progress there, which has resulted in a significant reduction in labor costs. And we've had a significant reduction in the waste in that business around cost of goods sold, which has really changed the business model. Prior to the pandemic, we had just rolled out croissants to every single guest, which is being received very well, and we were able to absorb the pricing that we implemented. When we did that, our value ratings have actually increased. I think the other thing that going through this crisis has accelerated their off-premise capabilities. Prior to the pandemic, we did not have a ton of capabilities there. We only had a couple of phone lines. It was just a mess. So we've increased the number of phone lines. We've got online ordering in place. We've now got the curbside and the I'm here and there. And the take-up business is growing fairly rapidly through the pandemic, and we're very pleased with that. We've got -- we've got to get better at it because it's not a core competency in Cheddar's, but I think the team has been working really hard on it, and I know they've got a big initiative, and I'm really proud of what they're doing.  
As far as unit growth goes, we've really -- I always talk about human resources when we talk about unit growth. We've stabilized the human resources in Cheddar's, the human resource metrics are getting closer to Darden metrics. I think actually, management turnover is actually in the middle now after being such an outlier for so long. So I'm excited about that, but we still need to brand -- we still need to build management strength to handle growth. Now we've been opening restaurants all the way through the transition -- through the pandemic and through, really through the integration. And I would expect unit growth to be somewhere in that 5% to 8% range, which I think we can handle from human resource standpoint. So it's additive to our growth rate.  
We're excited about the business. And we're excited to see what the P&L will really look like in a post-pandemic environment. And we've always loved the business, and we love the business today. We're excited about -- we got -- team's done a great job. I'm really proud of them.

No. we just don't have -- we don't have the density in that business to be cost-effective from a marketing standpoint. I think we'll continue to use a digital -- our digital capabilities there. But really, it was always a high-volume concept that didn't have the cost structure set up right.  
Now we have the cost structure set up, we think set up right and doing 5,000 guests a week. I think that the growth from that business really comes from new units, not really comp growth. Because there's not many restaurant companies out there doing 5,000 guests a week.

Well, I think, first of all, I think technology really helps you on the off-premise side. As we talk to our guests, they continue to talk -- tell us they don't want a technologically advanced or enabled in-restaurant experience. They don't want to look at digital menus. I mean as we put the QR codes out there and have people try to look at their menus on their phone, they really push back. They don't like that. And so that trend, I don't think, is going to take place in restaurant. There -- we're playing with some handheld devices to see if we can get orders quicker. I think that Ziosk has played a major role in a lot of our brands. It's enabled our servers to -- in a non pandemic time, be able to use that device to get orders in. Really does a great job on payment. The adoption rate on payment is extremely high with that device as the consumer becomes used to using it. So in restaurant, I don't see a ton of technological advances there over time. I think the things that we're working on, wait list is important. Again, the big 1 that we're working on right now is how do you accelerate the checkout process on online order? And how can that be as friendly as the big retailers? And so those types of things on the margin, I think, technology is there. We are fairly technologically advanced with our dining room system, our KDS system. I'm not sure how much more is there that we see right now, we are working on a technology road map over the next 5 years to figure out where do we want to invest and how do we get the highest return on that? And so there's still work to be done. I think the majority of it still is an off-premise to accelerate that. And then on the other side, we don't talk much about, but when you think about the size of our e-mail database today and how we interact with our guests digitally. We'll continue to evolve that and get better at that and more efficient with that, trying to figure out how to communicate more effectively with our consumers and let them know about the things that are -- that might drive a visit. So I'm excited about that. There's a lot of engagement digitally with our brand. Both on -- from the e-mail database, but from social, just think about what happened last week when Taylor Swift dropped the song with Olive Garden in it and how we were able to capture that socially and create buzz around that. And all of a sudden, when Taylor Swift drops our name in the song, our brand becomes very, very relevant. It's a 40-plus year old brand that's all of a sudden relevant with her audience. And we -- our team is working around the clock to capitalize on that activity. And to those that are listening that were on that team, they did a fantastic job to be able to make that relevant. So thank you to them, and thank you to Taylor Swift for dropping Olive Garden in her song.

Well, I think that, that -- I mean, that's hard for us to really define for you. I think that from our standpoint, we can -- other than maybe having to ramp up some staffing we can get right, we can get to a point where we can move back to 100% fairly quickly of where we were from a volume standpoint. I think even staffing, it would be more of a fatigue thing because we'd probably have to work our people more hours than what they are used to in the near term, but I think we can get there right away. The question is going to be more on the consumer demand is that is this going to come back in all at once? Or is it going to come back over a period of time as more and more people get comfortable? You think about the different demographics out there today. And is it going -- are people going to -- as soon as they're vaccinated, say, okay, I can get out and move? Or are they still going to be cautious? And that to us is the unknown. But what I would tell everybody on the call and our investors is that we're going to be prepared to be able to handle this situation as it unfolds. And we're going to be in a situation where I think that our brands are trusted and beloved by our guests and that people, once they feel good about being able to have a little bit more mobility, they're going to come back to us quickly, and we're going to be ready to serve them a great meal and deliver on our expectation.

It's still our position. We believe that we need to stay focused on running the brands that we've spent many, many years investing in, in marketing and building and I believe that, that's the right place to be. I believe, as I said last quarter, others have got to do what they think they need to do to run their business. I think the question that I would ask is who owns the virtual brand? Is the Kitchen or does DoorDash on the virtual brand?

Yes, David, I think crisis has done a few things. I think it's done -- not just for the restaurant business, but for all businesses, when I listen to all the CEOs talk. I mean we've identified a lot of non-value-added activity inside our organizations that you're funding, but also was creating distractions at the operational level. And I think that's a big upside for us. And it's something that we're really focused on to ensure that there's not this gravitational pull to bring us back to do that type of work. What gives me the most confidence in our ability to get above pre-pandemic sales is the investments we've made. And from the minute after day after April 20th, when we raised the $500 million in the equity offering and we knew liquidity wasn't going to be an issue, this management team focused 100% on what do we need to do to ensure our business is as stronger than they were before we went into the crisis. What actions, what investments do you want to make? What things that you do in history that turned out to be wrong that you want to make right? And our businesses have worked hard to do that. Now each 1 of our brands is in a different place on that journey. I think our bigger brands are much further along at this point. And they've made the moves. And what I'm really impressed with is the stuff that they're working on today and at the level of detail of trying to improve guest satisfaction. To me, it's absolutely amazing. Words down to -- we're spending a lot of time working on how do we improve our -- the off-premise experience? And how do we ensure the food at 15 minutes, if it's not going to go back into a microwave, is in its optimal eating point? Or what's it look like at 30 minutes when it goes back into the microwave. So there's just a tremendous amount of work and investment being made at what I would call the second level that I think is going to pay big dividends. We've invested a lot back into quality and value in our brands. And I'm really excited about that, and the guests are telling us that they're noticing these changes.

No, actually the opposite, David, because we've removed a lot of the extraneous products that we we're trying to serve that we were getting 0.5% of sales out of, and we're really through our menu and our menu engineering. We are moving the high-value, high satisfaction, more of those items through to our guests. And we -- the more we make them, the better we get. So actually, everything we're working on today, speed is taken into account. And that holds the simplification of that process. And you guys have heard me talk about this -- you probably tired of me talking about it. A great kitchen starts with how the product comes in the back door and you got to streamline all those processes until it gets to the table. And during this crisis, we've been able to reevaluate all that activity and all those processes, and we're so far along in that journey today. And that's what gives me confidence about the future.

Yes. First one on the off-premise capacity. What I would say is it's hard to get your arms around it because you still have capacity restrictions in your restaurant, if you live in with the 6 feet. So there's still a lot of people that pull up to our doors that realize that we've got an hour wait and then they transition to an off-premise experience. So we really don't have a feel for where that's going to level out. And I think I said last quarter, we actually see a scenario where that could actually fall down to below pre-pandemic levels once you open up the dining rooms because there'll be less demand for it. And then we believe it will come back at a higher level than it was pre-pandemic. But we don't have a feel for where that's going to settle in right now because I think everybody's behavior is just so modified in this environment. I'm really not going to comment on the M&A environment any further than what I've already said.

Yes, Brett, we get the share information pretty lagging. So we're usually behind to see what kind of share we've gained in Olive Garden and LongHorn. So I really can't really comment on that. I would assume that we've gained share on based on the industry data. I mean, because we're looking at total industry, so a lot of restaurants shut down. As far as our boxes, and I think the biggest thing that we're looking at right now, and I mentioned this earlier, is that we believe the off-premise experience will be driven by curbside, enabled by technology. We were on a pathway in our big brands to -- is really develop space that's consumer-facing to deal with an off-premise experience where the consumer came into the building to get it. So now we're really looking at that, and we're trying to develop ways to adapt the current facilities to make that space nonconsumer facing and closer to the kitchen. So it should actually cost less longer-term as we make these adjustments. We had just built a new prototype in Orlando for Olive Garden with a dedicated consumer-facing, off-premise experience, more like a, what I would call a fast casual type restaurant. And now we've determined that's not necessary. So that's good news on that end. And so our team is working real hard to figure out what these adjustments will look like. They'll target those investments in the high-volume, off-premise locations, and they'll react and get that done over the next couple of years.

John, good questions. I think from a technology standpoint, there's nothing we're adding to help our supervision. We've got some -- we've got management information systems that we've been well-developed over the years. We continue to evolve those, streamline those, try to get them the most important information that they need to businesses. I think the biggest challenge there is how to not give them too much information and paralyze them. And so I think that will be 1 thing that I think Rick will look at in his new role, especially with his technology background as how to fine-tune that platform to ensure they're getting the information they need, but not too much information.  
As far as the team member management mix, I don't see any game there. We've always been efficient, maybe more efficient than I think a lot of our competitors are at that level. We use key employees to supplement -- as a supplement to management, but also as a development program as a gateway into our management program. So I think we're pretty lean there. And I don't see our technologies going to change that at all. I mean, I'm always going to want a management person in the business, in the facility, leading these large groups of people. I think the difference in casual dining. And I think it's 1 of the reasons why it doesn't franchise all that well that these are complex businesses with lots of team members. And it's -- you're not doing this business over a counter. And the 1 thing that off-premise has added is added more complexity. As you're dealing with 10 or 12 guests a time in your parking lot as you bring in the food out. So the business is, in some ways, getting more complex as you're trying to deliver food through different channels. So I don't see a whole lot of cost savings there.

Yes. Good question, Greg. I think that obviously, we shrunk it for many reasons, primarily supply chain and just from a labor productivity standpoint. We've been very judicious as we brought the products back. We think we -- through our search -- our turf studies, we think that we've satisfied everybody on the -- any consumer and offer them places that they would want to go eat and eat specific menu. What we've really focused on is eliminating duplicity. In the menu where you have a menu item, it does the same thing. I took it, someone else that I think that runs -- has a very broadly appealing menu, but yet limited number items, you have to go to a Hillstone or Houston's environment where they -- they touch everything in each category that you might want as a consumer, but they do it with 15 menu items. And so I think that's what we're trying to do is to ensure that we don't have duplicative. And I think the example I would use is in LongHorn as an appetizer, you don't need both Wild West shrimp and Calamari. It's the same consumer that's going to buy the product. And so what we're working on is how do we end up with the unique product, and a product that you can only get in our restaurant that's very cravable, and that differentiates you. And having 2 products that do the same thing and one is ubiquitous and one is differentiated makes no sense to me. And so that's how we're thinking about it. So over time, yes, will it be a product here in a product there? Yes. But what you have to have is you have to have discipline. And the discipline is you have to take stuff off. And we haven't demonstrated that as an industry over the last 15 years, and we need to demonstrate that moving forward.

Yes, we are very strong in that in Olive Garden already. Obviously, we sell [indiscernible] lasagna [indiscernible] fettuccine. So that's a big part of our business. Where we're seeing some growth right now is in Cheddar's with that business with family packs. We've also had some success in our upscale brands being able to sell family packs steaks and sides that you can -- that are -- steaks aren't prepared, but the sides are prepared and we give the instructions to reheat. And so we're calling family meals or family packs that are working very well. So I think it's something that we had some penetration in Olive Garden. I think it will be bigger on the -- as we move forward, and it's provided us an opportunity in some of our other businesses to get in that business.

Yes. I think it's a slight bump from pre-pandemic levels. I think that -- I mean, listen, this was a growing piece of everyone's business as convenience became more and more important. Maybe it's an opportunity for us to take more share in Olive Garden than I think because the experience is going to be so frictionless. But we'll get to see what the consumer demand is. What I'm confident in, and especially on the Olive Garden side and somewhat to Cheddar's, is that we will have -- we will get our share in this business. We will get our share of the off-premise pie. And I think we'll do a really good job with it, and it will continue to grow over time.

Yes. I'm not a big believer in trying to gain too much efficiency on the service side. I mean, I think every time you say you're going to gain efficiency there, you're really saying you're going to cut service. And we are a full service restaurant. So when I think about the handhelds and technology for the servers, I'm thinking more about speed of service for our guests than saving money. I just -- I've been doing this a long time, and I'm just -- every time I've tried to increase the efficiency in that part of the restaurant. It doesn't end well for me. And so I'm committed to keeping the service levels up. I think service is a big part of the value equation. That's a differentiator when you come into our restaurant versus going to a fast casual or fast food is we got to provide a service. And there's a level that you're going to -- you don't want to get to that minimum level. You want to do it better than your competitors and you want to earn your business that way. So I see the technology solution more as a benefit to the consumer, not a benefit to us from a cost standpoint.

We're totally rethinking our promotional strategy and how to effectively use that. There was a lot of good in what we did, and we've realized there was a lot of bad in what we did. And there's a lot of activity that goes into those. And as we evaluate that after the fact, we believe there's a better way to do that. It doesn't mean that we're not going to do LTOs. But we've been out of them -- we were out of LTOs and LongHorn for almost 2 years pre-pandemic. And we have been able to make that adjustment. As we look at Olive Garden, we'll continue to try to figure out what's the best way to use our scale advantage and market that business effectively, but also considering, do we need to do 6 LTOs a year? Or are there other ways to do that more effectively?