Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen from our press release this morning, we had another solid quarter to wrap up a strong fiscal 2018 for Darden. Total sales from continuing operations during the quarter were $2.1 billion, an increase of 10.3%. Same restaurant sales for the quarter increased 2.2%, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.39, an increase of 17.8% from last year. 
Our strategy remains unchanged. Our operating teams are focused on becoming brilliant with the basics. They continue to create exceptional guest experiences by delivering outstanding food, drinks and service in an inviting atmosphere. And at the Darden level, we continue to strengthen and leverage our 4 competitive advantages: one, our significant scale that creates cost advantages; two, our extensive data and insights that improve operating fundamentals and help us better understand our guest and communicate with them more effectively; three, the rigorous strategic planning process that our brands cycle through on a regular basis; and four, our results-oriented people culture which enables growth.
Olive Garden had a very good quarter. Total sales grew 4%, and same-restaurant sales grew 2.4%; the 15th consecutive quarter growth, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 190 basis points. Same-restaurant guest counts outperformed the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 270 basis points. For fiscal 2018, Olive Garden total sales increased 3.7% to $4.1 billion. Congratulations to the Olive Garden team members for achieving this significant milestone. 
Olive Garden's momentum is a result of our strategy to drive frequency among core guests. The success of this strategy is driven by: flawless execution of the guest experience and continued simplification in and our restaurants; craveable Italian food and beverage that appeals to our loyal guests; marketing that reaches the right target at the right time on the right channel with the right message; and our ongoing commitment to improving convenience for our guest by focusing on the off-premise experience. 
Our simplification efforts have allowed us to reduce our promotional calendar, which limits the amount of new activity in our restaurants, enabling our management teams to spend their time focused on execution. As a result, our restaurant teams continue to drive guest satisfaction to new all-time highs.
The promotional calendar simplification also enables us to increase our marketing efforts beyond limited time offers and into long-term growth drivers. During the quarter, we continued our everyday value advertising and emphasized weekday lunch messaging that strengthened our lunch trends. 
Additionally, this quarter, we showcased craveable Italian food that appeals to our loyal guests with our big Italian classics promotion. Giant Stuffed Fettuccine and the Giant Meatball provided compelling value and were well received by our guests. Finally, off-premise sales grew 9% and represented 13.8% of total sales for the quarter. 
Further demonstrating our momentum in this area, Technomic recognized Olive Garden with its 2018 Consumer's Choice Award for best take-out experience in the full service segment. Overall, I am very pleased with Olive Garden's performance. The business momentum is strong, driven by a strategy that is working, and we will continue to make the appropriate investment in our team members and our guests.
Longhorn Steakhouse had a strong quarter as well. Total sales grew 4.9%, 4x the rate of growth for the industry excluding Darden. Same-restaurant sales grew 2.4%, the 21st consecutive quarter of growth, outperforming industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 190 basis points. And same-restaurant guest counts outperformed the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 280 basis points. 
Longhorn's performance is being driven by the team's adherence to the long-term strategy of investing in the quality of the guest experience; simplifying operations to drive execution; and leveraging Longhorn's unique operating culture. The impact of this strategic focus was recognized when Longhorn received the 2018 Consumer's Choice Award from Technomic for having the most loyal customers in the full service segment. This recognition is a strong testament to the great work our operations teams are doing to drive consistent execution and create memorable guest experiences.
The Longhorn team continues to make meaningful strides to reduce operational complexity. This quarter, we made more reductions in our core menu offerings, and our operating processes were further simplified. Additionally, we made our limited time offers less complicated and easier for our teams to implement. This continuous improvement is resulting in better execution. Finally, our emphasis on the culture and focus on team member engagement continues to pay off as evidenced by Longhorn's industry-leading retention rates at both the manager and on a team member level.
Our Fine Dining brands, The Capital Grille and Eddie V's, delivered a strong quarter with same-restaurant sales growth of 2.6% and 3.6%, respectively. Both brands have distinctive positioning and consistently deliver exceptional dining experiences. The Capital Grille is increasing capacity in select restaurants to provide additional flexibility for large parties, while Eddie V's is focused on development of talent needed to support growth, and we remain excited about its future growth potential. 
Yard House had another good quarter with positive same-restaurant sales of 1.4%. The team increased its focus on operational simplification to create consistently great experiences and made significant improvements in both cost of goods sold and labor productivity. We are pleased with the performance of our new restaurants and believe in continued growth of this brand. Yard House is broadly appealing with 4 distinct dayparts that allow us to meet a variety of guest occasions.
Bahama Breeze delivered positive same-restaurant sales growth of 0.6%, the 14th consecutive quarter growth. Our guests come to Bahama Breeze for fun, which is why our restaurant teams continue to create a fun island experience, amplified by events such as the successful Viva La Rita event that took place during the quarter. The brand is uniquely positioned in the marketplace and continues to resonate extremely well with millennials. 
Seasons 52 generated same-restaurant sales growth of 0.4% during the quarter. We took steps to broaden our appeal by improving the value perception. For example, we featured a limited time 3-course offering that allowed guests to choose a starter, an entrée and a mini indulgence for a fixed price. This improved our value perceptions and contributed to a 2.1% traffic increase for the quarter. As we continue to enhance value -- the value equation, I am confident that this on-trend brand is poised to capture more guest visits over the long term. 
Now I'll provide an update on Cheddar's. The Cheddar's restaurants that we own and operate today were fragmented into 3 different businesses a year ago, each with different systems, policies and pricing structures. While same-restaurant sales declined 4.7% for the quarter, the original company restaurants were down 3.3% while the acquired franchise restaurants were down 7%. 
During the fourth quarter, integration activity peaked as we transitioned to Darden's proprietary point-of-sale system. As we push the integration process to completion, it became apparent the team was losing focus on the basic operating fundamentals. Therefore, we decided to spend -- suspend marketing and promotional activities. We believe this was the correct decision even though we were rolling over a period of heavy promotional activity last year prior to and immediately after we closed the acquisition. 
With the integration now complete, we are fully focused on rebuilding the operational foundation, and the team has 3 priorities. One, staff our restaurants. There's an opportunity in many restaurants to increase management and team member staffing and scheduling more effectively. Master the new tools. Although the integration is complete, the team now has to learn how to use these new tools to improve operational effectiveness. As with past acquisitions, this will take time. Three, simplify. This is a complex operation that must be simplified in order to improve execution. The team is making progress quickly, but we need to test these changes to ensure we get the desired outcome.
We recently asked [ Paul Avery ], a veteran operations leader, who experienced first-hand the process of mastering the Darden systems during the Longhorn integration to lead the operations team at Cheddar's. With his in-depth knowledge of the Darden systems and his track record of operational success, we are confident he will have a positive impact quickly. 
Cheddar's is the value eater in Casual Dining, and the average restaurant serves more than 6,000 guests per week. I believe the leadership team has the right plan in place to improve operating fundamentals, and I remain extremely confident that Cheddar's will add significant value to Darden over the long term.
In closing, I am very pleased with the progress we made against our strategic initiatives throughout fiscal 2018, and our performance continues to reinforce our belief that we have the right strategy in place. I want to thank -- say thank you to our 180,000 team members who bring our brands to life every day in our restaurants and who support our restaurant teams from here and our restaurant support center. We know our team members are our greatest asset, and I'm confident we can continue to win by remaining focused on being brilliant with the basics as we pursue our mission to make -- of making every guest loyal. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Yes. Sara, when I think about the demand in the space right now, we saw some improvement in April in the benchmarks. May fell off a little bit. I would describe the environment as volatile week-to-week. But overall, the demand has been fairly good for the Casual Dining brands that are well positioned with strong value propositions. You -- in your question, you brought up the fact that there are some folks, other brands out there heavily discounting and are being very promotional. We'll see. We think that, that's not the right place to be right now. We're very pleased with how we lapped Olive Garden in the fourth quarter. We thought they had a very, very strong quarter. On the Longhorn side, the Longhorn 2-year stack was approximately 6%. And one of the things that I like where we are in Longhorn right now is we've been able to really pull back on some of the incentives that we've been -- we've had in the marketplace, and I really like our profitability. I really like our margin structure compared to the other steakhouse players. So sometimes the headline same-restaurant sales number is not all -- is not the entire piece of the puzzle. You've got to look -- I like to look at the whole business model. I'm thrilled with Longhorn's performance in the fourth quarter and the 2-year stack. And you have to remember in Longhorn, these are very small boxes that our strategy is that we maximize the box and then we build another restaurant 3 miles down the road, and that's how we ended up with 45 restaurants in Atlanta, Georgia.

I'm going to be very vague purposely on this. Well, all I would say is that our team did a great job of implementing on new promotion to lap over the Buy One Take One. And so you can see by our results, we had a very strong quarter. The other comment I would make about the quarter and the promotional strategy and the advertising strategy is that, and I said this in my script, we have made the choice to invest some dollars into brand marketing away from the -- away from promotional activity, which -- where we believe will drive overall -- enhance the brand overall. But it's not as effective as your pure promotional advertising. And we think we saw some of that benefit in the quarter of the investments we've been making in the value platforms and advertising that. And so again, I'm very pleased. I think the team did a great job, getting -- lapping one of our most popular promotions, which we had run for an extended period of time earlier in the year. So the total number of weeks -- of exposure for that promotion were down but not down real significantly. So we did a good -- well, the team did a great job, and we were -- we are very pleased with the overall results.

Yes, Jeff. There's a lot in there. Again, I -- it's hard to predict the future demand in our space. We have a tendency to want to look back at the past as a predictor of the future. More discretionary income for the consumer should be good for restaurants, and I'll keep coming back to it should be good for the well positioned that have strong brand propositions and have strong value equations all throughout the menu. I still think that the consumer does not want to be told what they have to purchase in your restaurant to get value. They want value in everything that they purchase, and that's why these promotional constructs are somewhat -- I don't think it's as effective as they have been in the past. As far as our gap and how to think about that, I think that we've had a very good, sustained performance of -- outperformance of the industry. And when we think about it, what we're really focused on is how do we invest in our businesses to ensure that we can hit our long-term framework over time of 1% to 3% same-restaurant sales growth. And we're not trying to maximize that quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year. And there are times when we really need to make investments to ensure that our value perception's improving and is better than our competitors'. And that's what our focus is. When we think about our guidance for next year, I'll just reiterate, I think what Rick was trying to get across is we expect Cheddar's to be a little bit of a drag to our other brands and have an impact. And that's why we're down at 1% to 2%. And we -- at this point in time, we believe we have the right recipe, no pun intended, to really improve the operations in the Cheddar's system and drive same-restaurant sales. But we all know that trying to drive same-restaurant sales to operational improvements takes more time than coming up with an advertising promotion or an advertising gimmick to drive sales. We want to build a foundation that can move this business forward and sustainable for the long term. And that is our plan, and we're going to stick to it. And so that's how -- that's when we think about our guidance. That's what's impacting it.

All right, David. I don't believe that going from 9 promotions to 6 promotions had any impact on our comparable store sales throughout the quarter. We believe that simplifying our promotional construct allows us to execute at a much higher level at the restaurant level. We believe that it takes some cost out of the overall system from a training standpoint, from a supply chain standpoint. It was our belief that we, as restaurateurs sometimes get bored with our own messaging faster than the consumer does when you look at the frequency of our consumer. So we believe this was a really important move in our simplification effort, and we believe it had no impact on our overall same-restaurant sales for the year or the quarter.

Yes. I'm not going to put a time table around it. Our challenges are significant here, especially in the acquired franchise restaurants. And we had to weaken the base of the base restaurants by pulling human resources out of those restaurants to help staff the acquired restaurants. All I would say around this is they're in their 14th month of integration, which is really the low point. And when I think about where I was and how I felt at the 14th month of integration when we were acquired, it wasn't a great place. And I've talked to a few others on my team around what it was like, and we're thinking about that and trying to help the Cheddar's team really focus and get back to, what we call, brilliant with the basics. We've got a great team. We've got great people. They all want to do the right things. We just need to ensure that we can help them get those basics, and we're going to start with staffing. The turnover rates are too high. We're not fully staffed. Before we can make meaningful improvement in the overall guest experience, we've got to make meaningful improvement in the team member experience. So we're focused on those basic things. How long is that going to take? I don't know. Obviously, when we start wrapping some of the weaker comp -- comparables, hopefully, the -- hopefully, we can get that positive at that point in time.

Yes. At a high level, when we think about integration, it's really the first few months is you're assessing the work that you be -- that you need to do. You bring in a third party to help manage the process, and then you design the systems. You've got to design our proprietary POS system, which is the major change, which in the fourth quarter, we had the biggest impact, and the biggest impact was on the original own Cheddar's. We had done the franchise restaurants first. And then you start with the real -- the first disrupter is the supply chain integration into our supply chain network, which is pretty invasive because when you think about it, it's the same product coming in, but the package size is different. The delivery times are different. The -- how you account for, it's different. So there's just a lot of change. And then the big one is the POS system. And then from there, when you implement the POS system, you're implementing all of our productivity tools, and that's when you really impact the management because it's all brand-new to them. And even though we partner them up with our other local restaurants, that -- and it takes time. It's going to take a year for them to become proficient on these new tools, which are significantly better than the tools that they had and should improve productivity. And it was also -- we also have to make change to all the benefits and programs and put them on our programs, which is disruptive. And I think from a human standpoint, during this process, what you think about is how is this going to impact you, and you're really concerned about that, and that takes your focus away from the every day taking care of guests and taking care of team members. So that's really the process. Remind me the second part of that question.

Yes. On that relationship going forward, I think that we believe in the relative share model. And Cheddar's relative share in the markets in which they compete in is very low. And prior management had a -- it was really adverse to adding a lot of units into a marketplace because of the headline comp number. And the example I like to give is that we've got -- we're doing over $100 million in sales in Olive Garden in Orlando, Florida, and we're doing close to $22 million or $23 million in Cheddar's. So the opportunity is for us to be able to do a lot more volume there, which are going to put pressure on the headline number in these markets that we -- that we're growing out. And so we think long term that the real focus on Cheddar's for us is going to be how do we get it -- how do we grow top line sales by adding units and maintaining a relatively healthy comp number, but we can't add 15 units to the Orlando market and expect comps to be solid. But we think by becoming more -- by having a bigger relative share, we will increase the overall profitability of the overall business.

I think we're within 24 months of having a couple of restaurants opened in the great state of California.

Right. The way we think about it is -- the process from the back door to the table, how do we simplify all the prep procedures, how do we simplify the processes between the grill and the expediting station and how do we quickly get that food to the table. So we break it down into those areas. I think as we think about pure menu simplification, it's the art, not the science. It's the art of being able to put a menu together that covers all the significant areas that your guests want to be covered without having a lot of products doing or working in the same ways and ensuring that you have unique, interesting products in each of those categories. And if you do that, I think that you can create -- artfully create a menu that meets the consumer needs but yet allows you to simplify your execution so that you can execute that product at a really, really high level. And when you think about our industry, no one has done this better than Hillstone. And for many, many years, they have had a very limited menu and execute at extremely high level. But if you ever study their menu, they do a wonderful job of hitting every possible area a consumer might want to dine. And I think that's what we're trying to do is remove the duplicity in our menus with similar products, really providing an opportunity for our guest to eat what they want but without having 2 choices in the same particular area. And that's what we're focused on. And we think there's still -- at least we believe there's still a lot of work to be done here. And so at the end of the day, we need to deliver on the food side a product that's executed the way it's been designed to be executed and being delivered extremely hot and flavorful to the guest. And that's what we're excessively focused on.

Yes. Let me provide an update on this. We have met with and have tests going on with all the third-party delivery services of scale. There continues to be significant hurdles that we need to work through, such as how do we ensure that these delivery services will enhance our brands, can it be flawlessly executed for our guests and our team members, can we create a sustainable incremental growth at scale that's additive to our company, can we agree on viable economics and lastly, can we ensure that we own the data. Now those are the things that we need to really work through in order to get to a place that we are -- we can partner with 1 or 2 of these organizations. We're still testing, doing small order self -- smaller self-delivery. We'll continue to analyze what the opportunity is there. We also recognize that we have 400-plus restaurants out there that are participating on a local basis with some of these companies. Those aren't, what I would call, sanction tests, but they're part of what's happening. We think it's an interesting space. However, there is -- there's a lot of hurdles to get over also including how do we -- how will we deal with the $0.5 billion we're doing in Olive Garden takeout sales to date and how could that -- how would that be impacted and what the margin impacts are of that. So that's our update on where we are with the third-party deliverers. We are continuing to meet with them and trying to understand what our opportunities are.

The overall business at Olive Garden is strong in all periods. We continue to focus on value at lunch. We continue to focus on value from 3 to 5 and -- with the Cucina Mia! platform and some of the other value platforms that we -- that we're running. I mean, this Giant Meatball was a hit, and Stuffed Fettuccine was a big hit. That was right in the sweet spot of what we were doing, of our core guests. So we're seeing strength all throughout the business. I wouldn't point to one particular period.

Yes. I don't think that's meaningful. I think that's more about someone reorganizing their balance sheet. I think there'll be continued store closures, and there'll be continued store openings as the weak continue to struggle that aren't as well positioned and maybe overexposed. But I don't -- I still think that we're going to see a net positive unit growth going into the next couple of years.

No. That's something -- I mean, this is -- I mean, I truly believe that we're -- we need to invest into our 180,000 team members who bring our brands to life every single day. We continuously evaluate our position in the marketplace from a benefit and overall employment proposition. And we believe these were the right things to do in order for us to maintain our leadership in a -- from a retention standpoint. And I believe we have the best team members in the business. And I'm going to continue to reinvest in them -- with them when I have the opportunity. I'm very thankful for what they do every single day. There's no one sitting around me here that serves one meal or cooks one meal. These people do it, and I want to continue to reinvest in them.

No. Not at all. I mean, I think that the, I would call, the acquisition indigestion we're having with Cheddar's today was the exact same that we had with Longhorn 10 years ago. I mean, I think we've got -- I've got a very long-term approach to this. And I look and I understand that we are going to have some issues as we integrate brands. But I look at where we are with Yard House today and Eddie V's and in Longhorn and Capital Grille, Cheddar's is going to work its way through this, and it's going to be a dynamic brand. And not all these are going to move at the same level. We continue to do what we call a post-game analysis after we do these acquisitions. One of the things we did this time is we moved a little faster with integrating into our systems. We think that was helpful. Hopefully, that will play out, that we recover a little bit quicker. But this has no impact and, if anything, would make me more confident in our ability to do it.

No. We can't give you the impact of it. We just know that before we owned it that they were promoting extremely heavily to keep their same-store sales positive, so we didn't have an opportunity to retrade the deal. And we know that before that we got into really the integration that they were continuing to keep those -- that promotional cadence alive. We believe, like other brands that compete in this space, that promotional activity and marketing is not a key. We want to put those dollars on the plate. We want to create value where the consumer can see it every day, and I think we all know that there's another competitor out there that does that extremely well. And we want to take that strategy and implement that strategy and keep that strategy with this brand. We will continue to focus them on the basics. We believe that we have great competency in executing the basics of a restaurant operation, and we're going to focus this team on doing that.

I think all those types of things are contributing. I wouldn't point to one specific demographic indicator. I think there is multiple indicators out there that are contributing to the overall growth of the well-positioned brands. And so that's definitely not hurting, but I wouldn't attribute it singularly for Olive Garden's strength.

No. We're not going to talk about it for competitive reasons for that kind of detail. The one thing, I'll say, I'll get this in is that over a 3-year period, we're up 50% in our off-premise. Our teams have done an extremely good job of ramping up the experience and improving the overall satisfaction of our take-out, our off-premise consumer. Our guests love the experience. Our team has done a great job with it. They're going to continue to invest to improve their capabilities as the business grows. But a job well done by the Olive Garden team. 50% over 3 years is fantastic.

Yes. I think the way we would describe it is that it was headwind with the amount of units, fast casual units being added. That headwind's probably diminished somewhat as the unit growth for that segment slowed. And I think that, that category's economics are difficult, and we've been able to actually come in and give the consumer a better value with the full service experience. So that's how we think about it. We think the headwinds have been removed.

Well, I would -- the significant hurdles I described, I mean, we need to get comfortable that we have solved for these, especially in our -- it's going to be brand-enhancing. And so we're -- our goal was to meet the consumer needs state of convenience. We're going to continue to focus on that. There are no limitations on the number. We believe through our research that we're capturing a lot of occasions in Olive Garden we wouldn't capture, the people using our off-premise services that would probably not come into our restaurants. We believe that people, for the most part, their decision-making is am I taking out or dining in tonight, and then they decide where they're going to go. So I'm not as concerned about what the number is. I've said in the past, I think if the consumer continues -- the need state continues to grow, Olive Garden's off-premise could go to 20%. How we get that, that's still yet to be determined. We are focused right now -- we continue to be focused on large-party catering, over $100 with 24-hour notice. We like that business, and we're being -- it's being very well received by the consumer set.

Yes. On the first part of the question, I think that we're going to continue to execute our strategy and try to drive the off-premise business. The 9% number does not bother me at all. I think at a 2-year stack at 25, and we've got a 3-year stack of over 50 on an annual basis, I mean, that's healthy. And where is this coming from? I think that it's trading out of grocery to some extent. I mean, I think for the first time, we've seen -- and I saw a chart recently where food, out of home, eclipsed grocery sales. I might not have that fully accurate, but it's pretty darn close. So I think people are just thinking about convenience differently. And we also -- let's not forget we have a demographic wave with millennials coming our way, which could benefit us over time, and there's a lot of good data out there about this demographic wave.

Well, we're getting into some dangerous territory here for me to speak to too openly about this as our competitors would love to know what our promotional cadence was going to be next year. All I will say is I think that our team executed 6 promotions extremely well. They kept them fresh for a longer period of time. They used some innovative tactics to do that. And I want to continue to encourage them to be creative and to be able to run our promotions on a longer scale and try to reach more consumers through innovative -- integrated marketing opportunities. But I'm not going to signal what our promotional calendar is for next year.

I'll take the latter part of that first. We've seen nothing when we look across the individual ADIs. Sales are a little weaker in New England, in that marketplace. But for the most part, it's fairly, fairly similar as we look across the country. Why do I think casual dining in general is struggling to grow traffic? It's a mature industry that is somewhat over-restauranted. And in an environment like that, it's going to expose the weaknesses of brands that aren't positioned well. And that's exactly, I think, where we are as an industry. And those who have been willing to do less guests, charge more money and make -- and try to make additional profit that way are going to end up paying a price. And those -- and then the brands that are focused on maintaining their guest counts or even driving their guest counts and willing to give up short-term margin and pricing below inflation and competitors will continue to take share. And I think there is some really good brands out there that are really well positioned that continue to do that. And I think we have a lot of them in our stable. I think we're better positioned than most because of our scale and what we're doing with that and insights. And we'll continue to stay focused on that. But we see an opportunity in a mature market to gain share.

No. We're going to be focused on staffing our restaurants, simplifying our operation and improving and mastering the new systems that we've put in. Right now, these restaurants on average do well over 6,000 guests a week. I want to delight those guests with a great experience, and that's our focus right now.

In the Cheddar's system, yes. We've got them fairly much aligned on the right -- on the similar pricing structures. And it's a good question because that was painful, but it was the right thing to do.

First of all, we're just verifying, but our advertising spend in Olive Garden was not up for the quarter or the year. And so I don't know what you're looking at, but our -- I believe it was actually probably a little less.

Well, we're talking about single digit -- 0 to 1% inflation in commodities. So it's really a function of when we buy. We're pretty much covered, as I said 65%. And it's also a function of where we were last year and what last year's costs. Now if cost come in lower and we take coverage when we do, we'll let you know. But right now, we still believe that our commodity inflation assumption is accurate.

Howard, we think it's really important because this is -- these delivery services are net-neutral sites. However, their goal is to sell as much food as possible on their platform. We want to ensure that we own our data, and our data is not used against us. And that's very, very important in this whole negotiation. And we want to be able to benefit from our own data, but we want to ensure that our data is not used against us. And we believe, on our platform, we talk about data being one of our competitive advantages. And we have, over the last decade, we have bent behind a lot of trends because we've built our own proprietary systems so that we can own the data. And we believe that, that's going to be key going forward. So it's an important part of this negotiation.

Jake, we're -- I mean, I think you'll start to see us slowly bring back some promotional activity. But right now, our focus is getting our restaurants staffed and ensuring that we're scheduling properly and that are we creating great guest experiences in all of our Cheddar's. And I mean, this is really back to basics. And the system has been through a lot. We've got -- they're all great people. Myself, Dave George, we are fully aware -- we went through this. We are fully aware what they're going through. And we want to help them get back to just doing basic things. And when it's the right time to adding some more promotional activity, we will add some more promotional activity. We have great people trying to do great things, we're just here to try to help them get -- accelerate that.