Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. As you saw from our release this morning, we had a very strong quarter that exceeded our expectations as sales quickly accelerated from the third quarter. 
During our call a year ago, I talked about the resiliency of the full-service dining segment and the confidence we had in the industry's ability to bounce back from the impacts of the pandemic, and we've begun to see demand come back at strong levels. 
As we think about the industry, our consumer insights team has done a lot of good work to better understand the size of the full-service dining segment. There are multiple sources of data that offer sales estimates for the restaurant industry, and the size of the industry and the full-service industry, specifically, varies considerably across these sources. This year, we are adopting Technomic as our data source, which we believe better reflects the sales contribution from independent operators, provides a broader view of the restaurant industry and aligns more closely with the census data. Going forward, we will be referencing industry data provided by Technomic, which sizes the casual dining and fine dining categories for fiscal 2020 at $189 billion and for fiscal 2019 at $222 billion. 
Given the strong demand we're seeing and the financial health of the consumer, we believe the categories will return to that size or greater despite having approximately 10% fewer units than before the onset of the pandemic. 
Over the last 15 months, we have made numerous strategic investments. At the restaurant level, we've invested in food quality and portion size that will help strengthen long-term value perceptions for each brand. We also made considerable investments in our team members to ensure our employment proposition remains a competitive advantage. And we invested in technology, particularly within our To Go capabilities to meet our guests' growing need for convenience and desire for the off-premise experience. 
Our business model has evolved and is much stronger today. As we begin our fiscal year, we will remain disciplined in our approach to growing sales. More specifically, our focus is on driving profitable sales growth. Given the business transformation work we have done and the demand we are seeing from the consumer, we are well positioned to thrive in this operating environment. 
Before I turn it over to Rick, I want to say thank you to our team members in our restaurants and our support center. This was, without a doubt, the most challenging year in our company's history. But thanks to your dedication and perseverance, we have emerged stronger. 
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the senior leadership team, thank you for all you do to take care of our guests and each other. Rick?

Well, let's start with -- on the labor front. I mean we've made significant investments over time in our people. Starting way back when we had the tax reform, we made the choice to invest in our people at that point in time. We've invested in our people throughout the pandemic. Our best people have stayed with us through this. We have an attractive employment proposition. We're able to attract people to our businesses, to work for us. We think that we're fairly well staffed right now. And as the environment continues to improve, we see no reason why we're not the employer of choice in our businesses. 
I've been pretty clear saying, I think the restaurant industry is going to continue to struggle attracting workers, but there's enough great hospitality workers out there to staff all the Darden Restaurants if we provide the best employment proposition. And not just an employment proposition today, it's about potential growth. Our ability to promote from within, we're promoting 1,000 team members a year into management. We're providing other opportunities through training and going out and opening new restaurants. I think our team members really love the experience. 
And so I think that we're in great shape from an employment standpoint. We'll continue to invest. We'll manage -- we'll do a great salary administration to ensure that we're paying competitive wages. And I think that we have the flexibility to manage the wage inflation because of our margin structure. And combined with our pricing philosophy, I think we have some room there if need be to offset that and to be able to increase wages if we need to. 
As far as food inflation goes, I mean, our team has done a fantastic job. We're fairly long on the things that we need to be long on. And I think using our platform and our scale to our advantage through this has been a big advantage. And we feel like we're very well positioned to manage whatever inflation comes our way in the near term and even in the long term.

Yes, David. It is very limited capacity restrictions out there. There are still a few states and municipalities that have some restrictions on us, but we got California back last week and we got New York back. So the big -- there's no major market has restrictions. 
I think that when we think about where we're at, from a sales perspective, we think there's still more room inside the restaurants as we continue to work on -- we think the work we do with our menus and our business model are going to help us with throughput, which is going to enable us to, in these high-volume periods, get more volume to the restaurant. I think Rick's comment in his prepared remarks about what the teams were able to do and execute on Mother's Day to have the biggest -- the best Mother's Day we've ever had before says a lot about our ability to execute and get more people through our restaurants in a limited time period. So I don't think we have any capacity restrictions.  
Obviously, we're seeing less sales growth on the weekends than when we are mid-week just because there's less opportunity in a lot of our high-volume restaurants to get through extra volume. So I mean there's still -- the word I use a lot is we're still in search equilibrium, and we're not there yet. And I don't know when we're going to be there, when see consumers really get into what I would call a normative behavior pattern and we kind of get to where we understand what the in-restaurant dining is going to be, what the off-premise is going to be. 
Rick in his comments talked about that we're pleased with where the off-premise is leveling out, even though it's declining slightly. But we -- and I said this a while ago, and I think you guys -- a lot of you guys disagree with me. I think you were right and I was wrong that some of this off-premise was stickier than what we thought. And I think a lot has to do with the capabilities we created through the pandemic to make it a lot less frictionless. But we're searching for equilibrium, understanding when and where the business is going to come from. I think we're still in the early innings of that. I think we still got a lot more upside.

Well, first thing I would say is Olive Garden is not lagging. I mean I'm just thrilled with their performance. When you're looking at 25.5% restaurant level margins and getting back to pre-COVID sales levels, that's just amazing. That performance is unbelievable. 
When you look at what's going on in LongHorn, we've been investing in that business for 5 years since Todd's come back. And he and his team have just done a great job of improving the value perception. When we look at where they are in Technomic and the ratings, they are #1 in most categories. They moved from middle of the pack to #1. And so I think LongHorn's performance is just a culmination of a lot of work over a great period of time. 
And I also -- I want to also recognize that the whole Steakhouse segment is moving. The whole Steakhouse segment has outperformed the other segments, and I believe that's because they have -- the segment has high value perceptions. So they're definitely getting a segment lift, but they've also done a great job and they're executing at an extremely high level.

Well, I think the greatest risk still is COVID. I mean we're -- I think we're getting to the point where we think we're getting to the other side of that. But when I look at what we've put out there for guidance and I think that -- I think we -- obviously, we think we can achieve that. But I look at the greatest risk as being external, not internal, and I don't see risk from a sales perspective or a cost perspective. I think we've got the flexibility, and we've set this up to have the flexibility to deal with almost anything that is thrown at us, with the exception of another outbreak in COVID, where we had to have some restrictions on our business. To me, that's the greatest risk to what we put forth.

Yes, Chris, on Cheddar's, I would just say that we're extremely pleased with this business at this point. As Raj indicated, the biggest improvement in the business model in all of our business came in Cheddar's. We continue to focus on strengthening the restaurant leadership teams to be able to handle the future growth. But overall, we're very pleased with where this business is at today and very excited about the potential.

Well, I think the -- for off-premise, they're using it as a home meal replacement or maybe in the workplace during the day. I think there's no behavioral change there at all. And there's really no difference in what's happening throughout the country as more restaurants, more dining rooms open. It's been the kind of the same kind of shift. You take down a couple of hundred basis points and you pick more of that up in the dining room.
Again, I think that, as I said earlier, I just think this -- I think I'll give the analyst community credit on this, this was stickier than what we thought. We know we've reached some new consumers here. And the experience is very, very good. And so I think that we don't know where it's going to net out. It's going to net out a lot higher than it was pre-COVID. And I think it's something that's part of our business, we have to pay a lot more attention to as we move forward.

Yes. I think, Dennis, I think our opportunity to gain share is gets back to our ability to execute at a really high level. And the fact that we have continued to invest in portion size and quality, I think that's the key. I think this is all about running great restaurants and executing at a high level. And I think we have a huge opportunity to gain share in all of our restaurants, through comp store sales growth and through organic growth. That's why we're excited about the ability -- our ability to add a lot of new restaurants.

I think it's one significant driver, and that's how we have to improve the cravability of the food. And we continue to do that by investing in portions and quality. The team is laser-focused on this. And I think that's the best driver of overall profitable sales growth.

No. There's tremendous speculation in the real estate market driving prices up.

We're focused on the core. All innovation right now is trying to improve the products the majority of our consumers buy. We love that focus. We think we're improving cravability. We're improving -- we're continuing to keep our restaurants simplifying and we're sticking to one on, one off. The teams have great discipline around that right now. And I think that, that's key to our ability to execute at a high level. And as Rick talked about, the improvement in productivity, and it's resulting in these record-level restaurant-level margins.

Well, I don't think there's any reason why demand would pull back. I mean demand might shift from suburban to urban a little bit as business travel starts to reignite. I've been thrilled with the recovery in the last 6 to 7 weeks in Fine Dining. I was surprised how resilient the business was in suburbia through the pandemic. We've still got 7 or 8 really large restaurants in what I would call the heavy urban core that are starting to come back slowly. But overall, I think this business is doing really, really well.
And the one business that has started to come back in the last couple of weeks was Seasons 52, which was hit pretty hard when you think about who their consumer was. And so upscale Fine Dining is performing well above where we thought it would be, and it's coming back very quickly as we get our 3 major restaurants in New York City back up and running and downtown Boston and downtown D.C. Those 5 restaurants are core to what we do, and they're starting to come back quickly.

Well, I think, again, we're seeing a little bit -- on the suburban business, we're seeing a little bit more weekend business than what we did. We've seen a little bit of shift without the business travel and what midweek looks like. But overall, that's dynamic, and I go back to the -- to my overused word of equilibrium, not transitory.
Equilibrium. We'll wait for equilibrium in that business. And we're going to get there over the next 6 months, so we'll understand what the new norms are. But I think we've exposed a lot of people to our Fine Dining brands through this. And I think that they really love the experience.

I'll take the off-premise question, then Raj can take the margin question. I think on off-premise, until we understand where equilibrium is and where do we get to balance, where is the new level, then we can think about growth. We do think we have more avenues to grow that business. We've learned a lot about that business through the pandemic that we can use to, I think, grow it into the future. Convenience -- consumers' desire for convenience is not going away, and I think we can fulfill that need with our brands and our technology.

Yes, John, that was -- there's a lot in there. All I would say, and I want to be brief here, is we're going to do whatever we can to drive as much on-premise dining inside Olive Garden as we possibly can, profitable sales in the dining room. And we're going to try to grow as profitably as we can in the off-premise channel.
We also have to recognize at this point in time, there's still a lot of people out there in our trade areas that aren't comfortable going into restaurants yet. And so we still have a ways to go to understand where that natural sales level for Olive Garden is going to level out and a lot to learn. And so we haven't been that granular yet to understand who the consumer is. We'll get there once we reach this new place. But our goal is to drive as much business as we possibly can -- profitable business as we can in restaurant and do as much profitably as we possibly can off-premise.

This data needs to come. I mean, the environment is so dynamic, and we will need to analyze that. We've got the analytics to be able to really look at that once we've got to this equilibrium that I'm talking about.

Well, I mean, I think you have to think about what our promotional and marketing strategy was. Right now, we're just -- we're out there on television just doing some brand advertising. We've been able to remove all incentives and all discounts from the business, and we'll continue to analyze when might be the right opportunity to put some of that back in. I mean this is a complicated question.
Olive Garden has never ever operated at these margin levels at this sales volume. And so we need to move slowly. And I don't think that we're looking at what capacity was in '19 and trying to triangulate this the way you guys are talking about it. We're trying to drive as much profitable sales as we possibly can. And so -- and we're just extremely pleased with where this business is. And we're not going to run the business and try to chase an index and get back to some level that -- and deal with and look at our business -- we're going to look at our business differently than maybe others are looking at it. And I just couldn't be happier where we've repositioned the Olive Garden business and the record profitability that this business is throwing off.

I think that this -- let me clarify one thing. This is not -- this is being held back by labor. I mean our restaurants are fully staffed on the weekends. We're doing our 3 to 4 turns in Olive Garden. I think the issue is -- if you told me that we could get back to 100% of sales in Olive Garden and spend $100 million less in advertising, I didn't think we could do that. And I'm thrilled with where we're at based on what we're spending and how we're -- and what our profit is per guest at these levels. And we'll continue to focus on driving profitable sales growth, and where that ends up, that ends up.

Well, we're always talking with the Board and the senior management about what the possibilities are to add a brand to our portfolio that would benefit from being on our platform -- being on our platform and we would benefit that they would come on to our platform. So we're always thinking about that. But more so today, we're thrilled with the business model transformations in our business. And we're very happy to invest our capital into our businesses and capture the return that we're getting today on those new businesses.

Well, because we're not participating in giving away our food through third-party channels. We're not discounting heavily. We're not discounting our cash like others are through selling gift cards. And we're running a business here to drive profitable sales growth. We've got a business that's doing over $5 million per average unit volumes. In the fourth quarter, we put up 25% restaurant level margins. Isn't our job to drive profitable sales growth? And that's what we're focused on. And so there are a lot of reasons why we're not keeping up with where some of the other people are going. There's a lot that's changed in 2 years in how they're handling their businesses. Some of them have virtual brands and all this other stuff that's out there.
I mean guys, you got to get off this. I mean this is the best business in casual dining, not even by a little bit anymore, by a lot. And we're doing $5 million in average unit volume with 25-plus restaurant level margins and growing. And we've got -- our guests are loving the experience. They love the credibility of the food. They love the changes that we made, and we're executing at a very, very high level. I think we're going to continue to grow. 
But I'm really -- I'm not chasing an index, so we're not chasing where we were in the past. We love our position today.

I'm not sure I understand. We did see sequential improvement throughout these months. These look like pretty strong numbers as I look at them across. We saw Fine Dining go from 12% down to 6% in May, that's without our New York restaurants. We've gone from -- other businesses, 8% to 4% from 14% in March. I mean we're seeing sequential improvement. And again, I think that as we think about it, this has been a very, very fast recovery. And as people start to live more normal -- get back to some normal behaviors, we think and it's implied in our guidance that we're going to get back to a pretty good level here.

Brian, I'm not sure I can quantify that, but I think you answered -- maybe the answers to your question, in your question is that the casual dining off-premise experience definitely got more exposure through COVID. And I think people that would have never used that experience probably because they weren't casual dining users and now have determined that's a really good option for home meal replacement. So I think that's an area where you're going to be able to hold on to this new consumer and maybe continue to market to them effectively.
We don't have a whole lot of insight on cooking at home and home meal replacement. I do think that you're seeing mobility increase significantly, especially in the states that were heavily locked down. I mean I spent a lot of time in the Northeast the last couple of weeks. It's still very quiet compared to what I see in Georgia and Florida when I travel.
So mobility still has the opportunity to increase in these marketplaces. I don't know where -- I think we've still got another 6 to 9 months to understand what -- if we don't have any more problems with COVID, what are going to be the normal behaviors that are going to develop out of this? And what's -- what was an adaptive behavior? And what was normal? 
And we'll get there over the next 9 -- 6 to 12 months, and we'll have a better understanding of consumer behaviors. And then I think you start developing your marketing plans and you get tactical on how to get to these folks and try to get them into your restaurants or use you as an off-premise dining occasion.