Thank you, Gene. Good morning, everyone. It is an honor to be appointed Darden's next Chief Executive Officer, and I'm grateful to Gene and the Board for their confidence in me. It is humbling to lead 170,000 outstanding team members who nourish and delight everyone we serve. I was incredibly fortunate to work with each of Darden's CEOs, so I have a strong appreciation for the legacy of leadership I am inheriting. By upholding our commitment to operational excellence and maximizing the power of the Darden platform, we will continue to execute our strategy to drive growth and shareholder value.
Turning to the quarter. Our restaurants continue to execute at a high level. Our focus on simplifying operations to drive execution remains our top priority, which is why we once again paused any new initiatives during the quarter in order to eliminate distractions and allow our operators to focus on running great shifts. This pause also ensures they can zero in on people and product as we navigate through the current staffing and supply chain challenges.
From a people perspective, we feel good about the progress we've made on the staffing front. Across our brands, manager staffing levels are above historical norms, and team member staffing levels continue to improve. Our new hiring system has made it easier to source talent, giving our management teams more time to focus on successfully onboarding and training new team members.
We also continue to invest in our team members, further strengthening our industry-leading employment proposition. Earlier this year, we committed to increasing the minimum hourly earnings for our restaurant team members to $12, which includes income earned through gratuities by January 2023. However, given the strength of our performance, we are accelerating that timing to January 2022. This primarily impacts entry-level roles such as hosts, bussers and dishwashers. And with this change, we expect our restaurant team members will earn, on average, approximately $20 per hour. 
Our people are the key to our performance. We work hard to be the employer of choice in our industry, and we're proud that our retention rates for managers and team members are both in the top quartile, and we will continue to invest in them to retain and attract the best talent in the industry.
On the product side, our supply chain team continues to do a great job, making sure our restaurants have the products they need to serve our guests. Our inventory levels are strong, and the team's ability to meet the needs of the business can be seen in the fact that we shipped more cases in the last 2 quarters than at any time during Darden's history.
The ability to maintain supply continuity for our restaurants minimizes distractions and allows our operators to focus on executing at the highest level, whether our guests are in our dining rooms or enjoying the convenience of To Go.
During the quarter, To Go sales continued to benefit from the strength of our digital platform. This platform not only makes it easier for our teams to execute, it makes it more convenient for our guests to visit, order, pay and pick up. Off-premise sales accounted for 28% of total sales at Olive Garden and 15% of total sales at LongHorn Steakhouse. Digital transactions accounted for 60% of all off-premise sales during this quarter and 11% of Darden's total sales.
Finally, we successfully opened 12 new restaurants during the quarter, including a flagship Yard House in Times Square, with minimal staffing challenges. The time to build a new restaurant is longer today than it has been historically, and we are also beginning to see longer lead times for kitchen equipment and technology hardware. Regardless, we remain on track to open approximately 35 to 40 new restaurants this fiscal year.
To wrap up, I also want to recognize our team members in our restaurants and our support center for your tireless efforts in creating exceptional experiences for our guests. I wish you all a safe and happy holiday season.
Now I'll turn it over to Raj.

Andrew, this is Rick. First of all, I just want to say how proud I am of the work that Dan and his team has done, keeping with our strategy. We did have trends improve in Q2, and we exceeded industry to your comp growth. So thanks for noticing that.
I think one of the things that we've been thinking about through marketing spend is we're going to continue to look for equilibrium and react accordingly to whatever happens in the marketplace. Advertising will always be a part of Darden's mix because of the scale advantage they have. And if and when we increase our marketing spend, we'd expect it to earn a return compared to where we were if we didn't have any marketing spend. So we're going to continue to see what happens. We don't -- we know that there's some advertisers out there with some heavy TRPs. We had $44 million less in media this quarter than we did 2 years ago, and we feel good about where we were.

Andrew, yes, you mentioned our To Go sales at Olive Garden were a little bit higher than they were in Q1. We had a -- this is a typically lower volume quarter for us and the To Go sales stayed up there. So that helped our total percentage. To answer your question about where we expect it to be, we do expect it to be higher than our 20% that we said. It is a little bit stickier than we thought. You guys were all right about that, a little stickier than we thought. We're not going to necessarily say we expect to be at 25%, but probably above 20%.

Yes, we saw the same increase in November that the industry did. And as I said, Olive Garden was ahead of the industry and so was LongHorn. What I would say is, it's too early to tell if it was a pull forward from shopping. We do know that retail sales were a little bit more online this year than a normal kind of after Thanksgiving, and some of the retailers were closed on Thanksgiving Day. But it's too early to tell about that.
We do have a shift, as we've said before, that Thanksgiving shifted back into our second quarter from our third quarter 2 years ago, and we're seeing that kind of impact this quarter. So still too early to tell, but the holidays do line up pretty well for us. I will caveat all that by saying weather is the biggest fluctuation in this quarter, and we'll see what happens. If weather hits during a holiday period, then that could be a little bit of a challenge on the comp.

Sorry. Chris, thanks a lot for the question. This is Rick. As a reminder, the second quarter is our lowest seasonal quarter. We did run NEPB 2 years ago, so we're really proud of the fact that we comped over 2 years ago without Never Ending Pasta Bowl running. And this was really aided by the point you made up on staffing, aided by productivity enhancements we made during the quarter and the fact that our 2 new team members were moving up the learning curve more quickly and becoming more productive.
And there could be something about vaccination rates being above Q1 levels, so maybe people are more comfortable dining out. And the fact that we have, as you mentioned, made these investments in our core items. They are -- we've made great investments in the items that people really want, the value ratings are great, and we're just executing at a high level.

I think about a couple of things that are not directly related to training and staffing. So those initiatives we're still working on, making sure that we've got our restaurants staffed and we've got our people trained. But things like new product development, that for years we've done a lot of new development, but we're focusing on just developing 1 or 2 products a year that are really great.
And so we thought it was right for us to not go ahead and do that during this time when we can keep managers focused entirely on staffing their restaurants, making sure they train their people. So that's an example. We're still doing a lot of things here in the support center that are getting ready to gear up, a lot on the technology front, but that was one example.

This is Rick. We're talking weeks, not months, a couple of weeks here or there. We may have a restaurant or 2 that might go a little bit longer than that, but on average, we're a few weeks. And we are starting to order a lot of these long lead time items a lot sooner and actually holding them in inventory, which not driving our inventory costs up, but making sure that we have the kitchen equipment to open the restaurant when the restaurant is ready to open. So not very long.

Yes, Peter. We've always focused on our technology in 3 places, and I'll talk about the 2 big ones: guest-facing and restaurant technology. So if you think about what we're doing on the restaurant side, we are doing a lot of things to help improve productivity, simplifying processes for managers so that they don't have to hunt and pack and do other things so that they can spend their time training their people.
But we don't foresee bringing in technology that will reduce the number of people that we need to do the job. We are a full-service restaurant company, and we're going to maintain that to provide the service that our guests expect. We will bring technology in to help that but not to necessarily replace.

Yes. Brett, this is Rick. I'll start with the second part. We're at about 95% of pre-COVID staffing levels, where in the end of the first quarter, we were at 90%. So we continue to increase that percentage. But I will say that we don't -- because of the productivity enhancements that we've made over the years in these brands, it means we don't need as many people as before. So a majority of our restaurants are well staffed.
The exclusions that we've seen are still the most complicating factor. As exclusions for COVID, they're still the most complicating factor, especially on the weekends when we're busy. So we feel good about our staffing levels. We just want to keep, trying to make sure that we get people that can work and not be excluded and continue to hire people every week and train them.

I'll take the other part of that. As we've been making investments in our off-premise experience, making it easier for our guests to order, pick up and pay, we still see people coming back more often and more often on the off-premise side. That's why we think the off-premise is going to stay at a little bit more elevated level, which could become very convenient, so maybe people won't come in as often.
But we believe that in the long run, we'll get back to our pre-COVID levels of on-premise experiences as we continue to invest in our food, as we continue to increase our staffing levels, as people become more confident and comfortable going out to eat. We believe that in the long run, we will get back to our in-restaurant experience.

Lauren, this is Rick. We aren't really seeing a whole lot of differences across the country on staffing, not any more challenging in Texas as it is in New York. We're staffing our restaurants, and we're seeing the pickup. We've actually implemented a new system, as we mentioned. It's increasing our speed of hire.
The one thing, we've got an incredible employment proposition. When we make an offer, people accept it, and that's a great thing. And so I think that, to me, is the biggest nature. Our employment proposition is so strong that people want to come to work for us. As it relates to future need to increase our minimum kind of guaranteed wage, right now, we're looking at -- the number that we have right now at $12 is the right thing for us.
As we said, and Gene mentioned, we average over $20 -- around $20 an hour after this change, and we'll continue to monitor that and see where we need to increase wages on a market-by-market basis.

Yes. Let me start with the second part of the question on the $12 wage. That really isn't costing us very much in the grand scheme of things. It's a very small portion of the wage inflation that we're seeing in the back half of the year. And so I'll leave it at that.
On the productivity side, we're more productive than we were 2 years ago. We're about as productive as we were in the first quarter versus 2 years ago. But I will say, remember, our second quarter is the lowest sales quarter. So productivity is a little bit more difficult to do than in Q1 and Q3.

Andy, this is Rick. We're really proud of the work Cheddar's has done on the people front. Let me give you a couple of statistics without getting into too much detail on our P&L. They've added -- they're back close to where LongHorn and Olive Garden is on the percent of their general managers that have been general managers for a year or more, where they were way far away from that a couple of years ago. Their management turnover continues to improve. I believe the last 45 restaurant general managers are managing partners that they added were all promotion within. You couldn't say that a couple of years ago.
We've got a strong, strong pipeline that we're building of managers. And we do expect to have more openings in fiscal '23 at Cheddar's than we did in -- I'm sorry, in fiscal '23 at Cheddar's than we had in fiscal '22. So we're really excited where they are partly because of the business model improvements they've made, which we don't highlight because they're in the other segment, but they've had a significant improvement in their business model, which gives us even more confidence that they can grow with this pipeline that they're building of people.

Yes. James, thanks for the question. As we mentioned in an earlier question, Olive Garden will always be a marketer because of their scale. The advantage that they have in their size gives them the ability to spend money in marketing. We'll continue to look at the time when equilibrium comes. We still have a lot of demand to come into our restaurants today. We have reduced our marketing spend overall. And as I said, as we increase -- whenever we make that decision, I don't want to tell you when we would do that based on strategic implications.
But whenever we would make that decision, we would ensure that, that marketing is profitable, whether it's -- when we compare to what we would do if we didn't have that marketing. So we have had a couple of hundred basis points of improvement in marketing spend. I would tell you that even if we increase our marketing dollars, we will still have some margin improvement -- or margin maintained with marketing.
So don't assume that when we bring marketing back, it's going to basically reduce our margins by the amount that we bring it back.

Yes. Thanks for asking about LongHorn. Todd and his team have been on a journey for years, and that journey has been to invest in food quality. As we've mentioned before, we've improved all of our steaks. We've increased the size of our steaks. We've increased our portion sizes of our sides, and we've improved our execution of all of that food. And so yes, the steak category has been helped by consumer demand, but we believe that we will continue to execute at this level and continue to grow LongHorn.
I can't tell you what our comp will be in the future, but we're proud of what they've done over the years to continue to invest and make sure that they have the best product. They're #1 in quality and casual dining, and they continue to do those things.

David, thanks for the question. I just want to first say that I've been with Gene for his 7 years as a CEO, partnering on developing our strategy. And I really think the strategy that we have is the right strategy. We've got our 4 competitive advantages. We're going to continue to invest in those advantages to make them stronger. We're a platform company that helps our brands succeed in driving back to basic operating philosophy.
We are going to continue to improve our operations execution and continue to invest in our competitive advantages. I don't see a big change in our strategic priorities partly because that was a big part of writing them. So it would be a little weird if I did change those. But we'll look and see as we go through our 5-year plan process, which we just did last year. So there's not a whole lot for us to talk about right now.

Jared, it's Rick. I'll comment on the other headwinds at Olive Garden, with Never Ending Pasta Bowl providing not much of a comment. We don't want to talk about the impact that Never Ending Pasta Bowl had. We know it was a negative impact over the years, but the profitability wasn't as high as the guests that we're doing today. And so we decided to reduce the dependency on Never Ending Pasta Bowl this year because we didn't need to drive volume into our restaurants.
As we think about why we had a better performance, even lapping Never Ending Pasta Bowl, as I said, it was productivity. We just got better at serving the gas when they came in the restaurant. Our To Go business stayed strong, which is a very productive business for us. But as we look forward, we don't know if we'll bring and when we'll bring Never Ending Pasta Bowl back because we have a never-ending abundance every day with our Never-Ending first course.

Yes. John, this is Rick. I'll just start by saying, I've been involved with some of these acquisitions, but our management team and Board regularly evaluates all of our alternatives. How do we allocate capital? How do we manage our business to achieve our long-term goals? And M&A is part of that. And we'll continue to act the same way we have over the last 10 years or 15 years since we bought RARE.