Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. This is our first conference call since Gene's retirement, so I want to take a moment to thank him. Gene never wanted the spotlight on himself, and he's probably listening right now and telling me to move on. But Darden is stronger today and better positioned to navigate any operating environment because of Gene's leadership. And personally, I know I'm better prepared for my role, thanks to Gene's mentorship. So on behalf of our 180,000 team members, thank you, Gene, for putting our guests and team members first and for leading Darden with a steady and decisive hand. 
As you saw from our press release this morning, we had a very good quarter, even in this highly inflationary environment. For the quarter, we exceeded our sales expectations and our earnings were in line with our outlook. Overall, fiscal 2022 was a solid year. Each of our brand strengthened their business models, while our restaurant teams remain disciplined and executed well in a challenging environment. We stuck to our strategy, continue to price below inflation and ended the year with significantly better margins than pre-COVID. As a result of this business model improvement and our strong balance sheet, we are well positioned as we begin our new fiscal year, in what remains an uncertain environment. 
Raj will share details for the quarter and the full year in a moment. But first, I want to spend my time reiterating Darden's strategy, which is not changing and will remain our focus moving forward. Our brands benefit from Darden's 4 competitive advantages of significant scale, extensive data and insights, rigorous strategic planning and our results-oriented culture, but none is more evident in our financial results than our scale. 
To quickly dimensionalize our scale advantage for you, our total sales are more than 2x our closest full-service restaurant competitor and more than 2.5x the next closest. We also have higher-than-average annual restaurant volumes; lower overhead costs, which we achieved by centralizing our support functions; and margins that are significantly higher than our competitive set. 
Our scale creates cost advantages that our brands could not achieve individually. A great example is the fact that each of our specialty restaurant brands: the Capital Grille, Eddie V's, Seasons 52, Yard House and Bahama Breeze, achieved record results for the year, even in the midst of historic inflation. 
We will continue to leverage our scale and our superior financial position to make long-term investments in our business. First, we will continue to invest in our brands' value propositions by underpricing inflation over the long term. This is the biggest investment we make every year. Additionally, we will continue to leverage our scale to invest in technology that enhances the guest experience and simplifies operations. 
Finally, it is our people who bring our brands to life, and we will continue to invest in them so they can grow and thrive and help us do the same. 
At the restaurant level, our strategy comes to life through our back-to-basics operating philosophy. This philosophy, anchored in food, service and atmosphere, has never been more important than it is today. Our restaurant team is focused on being brilliant with the basics, ensures we put the full in full-service dining. 
The work our brands are doing to drive execution by simplifying our processes and menus puts our restaurant teams in the best position to deliver great guest experiences, and it's working. Olive Garden's overall guest satisfaction scores are at all-time highs. Additionally, on Mother's Day, the Olive Garden team delivered record performance. Mother's Day was the highest sales day and second highest guest count day in their history. We also continue to make key investments across our portfolio to position each brand for long-term success. 
For example, LongHorn Steakhouse has made significant investments over the past few years in the quality of their food. They continue to lead the casual dining industry on food quality and taste of food, which propelled them to over $2 billion in annual sales for the first time. 
Similarly, Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen is a value leader, and the investments they have made to simplify their menu and price below inflation has resulted in improvement in their industry-leading value ratings. 
Finally, as I mentioned, our specialty brands had record performance for the year, which was due to the investments they made during COVID and the scale advantage of Darden. Our strategy remains the right one for the company, and we will continue to execute it to drive growth and long-term shareholder value. As we begin our new fiscal year, we continue to experience significant inflationary pressures, and we will stick to our strategy of pricing below inflation and our competitors over time. While we can't predict the future, we're focused on managing the business for the long term, and the power of Darden positions us to navigate this environment better than anyone else. 
Now I'll turn it over to Raj.

Thanks, Raj. I want to close by thanking our team members in our restaurants and our support center for their outstanding efforts throughout a challenging year. As a publicly traded company, we strive to earn a profit and create long-term shareholder value. And while we are proud that our average annual total shareholder return has always been at least 10% for any 10-year period as a public company, there is a larger purpose to what we do, and that is to nourish and delight everyone we serve. 
As a restaurant company, we continue to nourish our guests with delicious, high-quality food. But to us, it means more than that. We want to nourish the spirits of our guests, to delight them with great service in an atmosphere that enables them to reenergize and connect with family and friends over a great meal. We also want to nourish and delight our team members by providing competitive wages and benefits while giving them opportunities to build meaningful careers within our company. 
With more than 1,850 locations and 8,000 leadership positions across our restaurants, we provide a pathway for thousands of people across the country to transform an entry-level job into a lifelong career. Helping others realize their potential and achieve their dreams is one of the things that makes our industry special, and that's why a central tenet of our approach to team member development is a commitment to promote from within. 
We are proud that more than half of our restaurant manager positions are filled by our hourly team members. But their growth doesn't stop at the restaurant manager level. In fact, more than 15% of our officers began their careers with us as hourly team members. 
Finally, we want to nourish and delight the communities where we operate and our team members call home. When we open a new restaurant, we make a positive impact by creating an average of 100 new jobs and serving the local community. We aim to make a difference by helping tackle issues that we are best equipped to address, like fighting hunger and sourcing food with care. 
So our purpose, to nourish and delight everyone we serve, is not limited to just sales and earnings growth, rather, it's about sales and earnings growth as a way to make a positive difference in the lives of millions more guests, tens of thousands more team members and hundreds more communities. And by doing so, we'll continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
Now let's take your questions.

Yes, Jared, I will start by saying, the consumer sentiment right now is at the lowest it's been in 60 years, according to the University of Michigan. But one of the benefits of our portfolio is we have a wide range of consumers. Our data indicates that higher-end consumer hasn't seen the same impact as consumers at the lower end of the spectrum. And consumers at the lower end, especially at Cheddar's, has shown signs of check management. And they do make up a smaller percentage of our current guest base than it did 6 months ago. So the impact that inflation is having on that lower-end consumers is showing a little bit, but we incorporated that in our guidance.

Yes, Jared, for competitive reasons, we're not really going to get in too much into detail in our plans. But as you've seen over the last couple of years, our teams have done a great job being flexible and reacting to changing dynamics. We won't overreact. As you know, that's not really the way we work. We won't overreact. We're going to continue to focus on profitable sales growth and manage the business for the long term. 
If the consumer slows dramatically, if we see a big slowdown in consumer traffic, we would also expect the rate of inflation to decline as well. And just to give you an idea, 1% decrease in the rate of inflation is more than offset, that is more, more than offset the 2% decrease in traffic. And so that should still help us get within the range of our guidance. 
As you think about our media message and what we're doing, Olive Garden's scale provides them the opportunity to use media to get our message out to many guests. That's one of the benefits of scale. 
We believe we can drive traffic by highlighting the value we provide every day through an abundance of our never-ending first course. And if you look at our current media message right now, it speaks to one of our most craveable items, our Alfredo sauce, that we make in-house every day. It reinforces the core advertising and core equity at Olive Garden that we've invested in over the last 2 years. And that ad is the highest-rated ad we've had in years. 
And so our strong margins give us an optionality if we do promote, but we don't expect it to be at a deep discount. So we do believe we have the tools in our toolbox to keep traffic at a better level in the industry, but we won't do things that will hurt us in the long term for short-term benefit.

Yes, Nicole, this is Rick. Right now, we have more managers per restaurant than pre-COVID. And so at the manager level, we're really well staffed. We're continuing to add to -- new team members. But as I said, we have 180,000 team members now, which is what we had pre-COVID. So we're back to the level of our team member staffing from pre-COVID. That said, we still have pockets of restaurants that can improve their staffing levels, just like in pre-COVID. So we still have restaurants that could have a little bit more staffing level. But in general, we're staffed right where we were before COVID.

Jared, this is Rick. Thanks for noticing how strong LongHorn's performance has been and the fact that Olive Garden is still up versus pre-COVID. I will start by saying, if you think about what we started at LongHorn and reducing the dependence on price point and promotions on advertising, we did that before COVID, and we had almost finished before COVID started. And throughout COVID, they continue to make significant investments in their food and the quality of their food and have improved their overall execution in the restaurants. So they've had a great run of sales over the last couple of years versus pre-COVID because of the things that we did going into COVID and that we continued during COVID. 
Olive Garden started that process a little bit later, right? Olive Garden before COVID was still doing significant discounting and price-pointed promotions. We had started to wind off of some of those, but we still had quite a few of them. 
In addition, remember, we're significantly below our pre-COVID levels in marketing at Olive Garden. And that was driving some guest count that we think weren't as profitable as the guest counts that we're getting today. So the marketing that we've done has helped. The marketing we're doing today is still driving some traffic, but it's driving the guests, our core guests that come to us because of the everyday value. 
And finally, I want to say Olive Garden's margins are really strong. So while their sales may not be as strong as pre-COVID as LongHorn, they have made a huge improvement in their business model and have the best margins basically in casual dining, which gives us flexibility to do the things we need to do going forward if we need to.

Well, we've seen our applicant flow growth grow over time, even before you started to see the decline in consumer sentiment. As the beginning of the fiscal -- as the beginning of the calendar year started, we had mentioned in our last call that we have seen significant applicant flow, and that's helping us on kind of leveling off our wage inflation over time. But -- so I don't -- I'm not saying that's the exact relationship. But as consumer confidence wanes and maybe people feel a little less comfortable in an environment, they'd be more likely to come back into the job market. And that would be a good thing for us.

Yes, Jeffrey. I want to talk about the trends throughout the quarter. And if you think about our comps throughout the quarter, they stayed strong, and they actually continue to build from March, April to May. But the industry actually started to see some declines from March, April to May in same-restaurant sales. 
I want to be clear on the check and a little bit of the check management at Cheddar's, it's not dramatic. It's small. We're not seeing it at our other brands as much. Actually, we're not seeing it at our other brands. But I also -- the point that I made about the mix of consumers at the lower end of the spectrum, that's across all of our brands. It's not just at Cheddar's. So it's across all of our brands. Just to give everybody some comfort about -- not comfort, but just talk about the quarter, the industry sales have slowed from May to June. And we have seen that as well. But some of this might be a return to normal summer seasonality that we didn't see last year. 
As the dining rooms reopen and people felt more comfortable, we didn't see the normal seasonal patterns that we typically do. The industry comps do social softening, but quarter-to-date across our portfolio, we are exceeding the industry and we are within our annual guidance range.

Yes, David, we haven't really seen a big difference in mix of families with -- family -- larger families versus smaller families. But what we have seen in the Fine Dining is some of the urban markets are coming back a little bit. And we're seeing private dining coming back. So those are large parties, too. So they're not necessarily families, but they're large parties. The private dining is coming back in the urban markets in our higher-end brands. But we haven't seen a real shift down from our families going out to eat, even at Olive Garden and Cheddar's, because family visit at Olive Garden and Cheddar's is still a lot less expensive than a family visit in other places. So we haven't seen that change very much.

Lauren, a little bit of regional differences, but it's really when we compare to prior year. And it's really driven by the fact that some parts of the country opened a lot faster last year than others. So we're seeing some pretty good performance in California because they didn't have a whole lot of growth last year. We're seeing some good growth in New England, which, again, was a little bit slower to reopen in the Pacific Northwest. But we are positive in all of our regions. It's just a little bit -- quite a bit more positive in those that didn't open as fast last year.

Yes. Without talking about traffic, I think traffic on to-go is a little bit different because of some of the catering. So we don't necessarily talk traffic as much as we do on sales. But if you look at our sales versus pre-COVID at both Olive Garden and LongHorn, our sales and to-go are much higher, and they're still higher. But in the fourth quarter, our traffic -- our sales in to-go went down a little bit from the third quarter, partly because the third quarter had Omicron and our in-restaurant sales have actually continued to grow. 
So as our sales have gone down from Q4 to -- Q3 to Q4, our in-restaurant sales have more than offset that. We're still seeing strong to-go performance across our 2 big brands and in Cheddar's as well. And Olive Garden is still above 25% to go for the quarter, and LongHorn is right there at around 15%, which is much higher than they were pre-COVID.

Yes, David, this is Rick. Thanks for that. If you think about where we were back in the last downturn, yes, we had just bought LongHorn not too long before that. So we're still going through integration, through the challenges of integration, and it was our first big acquisition. So there are probably more challenges than we have as we continue to move forward. 
And as you've seen from every acquisition we've made since then, we have some initial comp declines in doing so. Olive Garden performed very well for a couple of reasons. One is they're a trusted brand. And as consumers think about their spending during a time where they're minimizing their spending, they go to brands they trust. And that's something that typically happens in a recession or in something along those lines when people are really trying to figure out where to spend their hard-earned dollar. 
But Olive Garden was also pricing a little bit during that time. And we want to make sure that we don't get into that same situation where we over price and then run into a challenge a couple of years later, which is what happened with Olive Garden. So what I would also say is the steak category is a great value right now. If you think about what LongHorn has done over the last couple of years, as we've said, they've increased the size of most of their steaks. 
They've increased the quality of most of their steaks, and they're executing their steaks better than they ever have. There's in-restaurant execution of steaks grilled correctly is at record highs for LongHorn. And so consumers see the value in what we put on the plate with cost of sales. For every dollar they spend at a steakhouse, they get more food on the plate. So they're starting to see that a little bit better. 
I can't tell you what this -- if there is a recession or a slowdown, what consumer is going to be impacted by that. But I can tell you that we've done a lot of things over the last years and even since the last recession to strengthen our business models, to strengthen our brands so that we can react in whatever way we need to, depending on what happens. We feel really good about what Olive Garden has done, what LongHorn has done, what all of our brands have done to prepare for anything that could happen to us.

Yes, Dennis, this is Rick. The competitive environment is not the same kind of environment that we had before COVID. If you think about what a lot of our competitors have done is to bring in things to drive sales, third-party delivery, ghost kitchens and those things, which actually maybe have done a little bit to hurt their margins. We've simplified our operations to improve our margins over time. 
I think with the margin pressure and inflation pressure that others are seeing, it might be more challenging for someone to do some deep discounting to drive traffic. And so I think you might be right on to something here around if the consumer starts feeling more strapped, will they be willing to pay the kind of rates they have to getting food delivered or they would just decide to go pick it up. And if they do, we have what I believe is the best to-go pick-up experience in casual dining with the investments that we've made in technology to make it easier to order, pick up and pay. And we keep making investments in those areas to make it easier for our guests. 
I think it was about 60% of our total to-go sales were digital, which equates to 10% to 12% of our actual sales completely, whether to-go or not. So we've made some great investments to make it easier for our guests to order, pick up and pay. And if that means that the guests that we used to do delivery, in a downturn, they stop doing it, and they still want to get great food at home, they can get ours.

Yes, Dennis. We continue to make investments in technology. Without getting into too much detail for competitive reasons, we continue to strengthen the consumer proposition and eliminate friction for our guests. And that's something big for us, is to take any friction the guest has out by incorporating technology that's not directly really in their face, but it takes friction out. 
But we're also doing a lot of investments to make the managers' jobs easier and our team members' jobs easier, which don't show up directly at the guest, but it does show up in better execution at the restaurants. 
So for example, we are using machine learning and AI to do forecasting at our restaurant, and that's significantly improving our forecast accuracy at the restaurant, so that managers can schedule better, schedule people and guests who are coming into the restaurant and order food more accurately and get food more accurately to reduce waste. So that should help on the efficiency side. But those are things that are kind of not first-level order driving traffic, but it's things that make our restaurant managers jobs easier, so they can spend more time with their team members to train them and more time with their guests to make them feel special so that people come back.

Yes, Andrew. We are running at 25% plus now at Olive Garden. And we have said throughout COVID that we expect our off-premise sales as a percent to be higher than they were pre-COVID and probably higher than the 20%. We're still not quite at equilibrium yet. And we want to make sure that we get to equilibrium before we kind of give a new goal. But I will say that we expect it to be higher than it was pre-COVID, and we expect it to be higher than that initial kind of 20% goal, mainly because of the investments that we've made, and what a great job our team members do to make sure that their guests get their food on time and it's accurate. 
Those are very important qualities for our to-go experience, and we're making some more investments for the guests to understand whether food is in the process and things like that to hopefully keep our To-Go business at the higher end of that range, while our dining rooms continue to build. But when we get to equilibrium, we'll have a better idea.

Yes, John, I'll answer the second part of your question, and I'll give Raj to answer to the first part of the question. So when you think about pricing across our portfolio, one of the biggest benefits of Darden is we've got a portfolio and we serve a lot of different consumers. And so our pricing will be different depending on the brand and depending on kind of the consumer that they serve. And so we would expect our pricing to be closer to inflation at the brands that can support that, which are more likely the brands at the higher end of the consumer spectrum, and our pricing to be below inflation at the brands that we want to protect their value. And those brands are more like the casual brands, specifically Olive Garden and Cheddar's, who've made significant business model improvement so that we can go ahead and take a little less pricing than inflation. 
So that's the way we think about pricing. We look at the inflation rates those brands are seeing as well and see what kind of level of pricing we'd like to take. But generally, generally, we would price our higher-end brands or more affluent consumer that can absorb some of that pricing and is a little less elastic than we would on the lower-end brands. 
And I'll let Raj talk about the competitive pricing.

Jon, this is Rick. Yes, you mentioned that over the last few years, our brands have done a great job simplifying their operation and with significant productivity enhancements. We're going to continue to look for more. I will say, during the last year, we had significant training costs that, as we continue to ramp up people, we would hope that the training dollars would go down. It wouldn't be the same kind of level of productivity enhancements that we had before -- during COVID, but there should be some enhancements to help mitigate a little bit of the wage inflation, but not enough to offset the wage inflation.

Yes, Jon, we continue to look for more real estate, especially if the macro environment slows down for the smaller competitors. I would say there's some industry estimates that, this coming up fiscal year, will have no net unit growth. We are growing units. And so that could give us some more opportunities to find some sites. We have, I think we mentioned in our guidance, 55 to 60 new openings this year, which is a lot higher than the 37 net we had the year that just ended. And that we'll continue to try to get more to that level of growth in units. And we have the balance sheet and the cash position to do that. 
And just as importantly, we've got the leadership pipeline that we've been developing to get people ready to open those restaurants. So we feel like putting the -- stepping the -- putting our foot on the gas on unit growth, which is what we've always said, we've been saying that for a couple of years, is something we would do, but not to slam the accelerator down. We'll continue to be measured in our unit growth, and our goal would be to get to the higher end of our sales from new units in the framework that we had announced before.

Yes, Brett. We would like to see all of our brands continue to grow. At the more specialty brands, those sites are specific, and we want to make sure we have the great sites for them. So it just depends on when a great site comes available. We may have some higher growth in one year and maybe a little bit lower growth in the next year. But for more killer casual brands, we'd like to continue to see that ramp up versus the year before. And the fact that we're going from 37 to 55 to 60 should tell you that most of our brands are going to see an acceleration in unit growth. 
As it relates to your second part of your question on M&A, I will say that our biggest competitive advantage is what we talked about is our scale. And one way to build on that is to do an acquisition. And so we'll continue to speak with our Board and use our strong balance sheet and our cash position to evaluate any alternative to allocate that capital. But we do believe that we have the ability to do both, to increase the number of units that we're building and to do M&A.

John, I can't tell you if we're closer or farther away from now versus where we were before. As equity prices move quickly and on the downward trend, so you got to get to what's a fair valuation level for the seller. And so I can't tell you if we're there yet or not. I can tell you that we'll continue to evaluate, and we would like to continue to build our scale, and M&A is one way to do that. But when we do a deal, everybody will know. And we're always talking to our Board about M&A and the best ways to allocate our capital.

Peter, to answer the first part of your question, we haven't really seen a lot of check management at any of our brands. We've seen a little bit at Cheddar's. But part of that is because they also introduced a great limited-time value steak, which might have mean people were trading away from appetizers to the steak on their menu, which is a T-bone, at a very great value compared to the competition. But we had seen some management of check at Cheddar's. 
In regards to the probability of a recession, I'm not an economist. I can tell you what the economists are saying, and they're saying somewhere in the 40% range, at least some of them are saying that over the next 12 months. I can tell you, we will be prepared for that if and when it comes. I would hope to not see one. But if we do, we're going to be prepared. And I think we're better prepared than most of the people we compete with because of the margin differential that we have versus them and what we've done over the last few years to simplify our menus and what we've done to make sure our restaurants are fully staffed. 
And I would say one last thing is, if you think about our management turnover in our restaurants, it's significantly below the industry. So they've seen more things than others have. Maybe they haven't seen a recession, but they have seen what happens when guest counts turn soft for even if it's a month, maybe others haven't. So we're going to be better prepared, we believe, to handle. Plus, we've got great everyday value. You think about what we've done over the last couple of years in pricing below inflation and pricing below our competition, that means our value differential continues to grow. 
And we've got, I think, what's a great place. We've got Olive Garden, which is an iconic brand that people trust that has improved their value. We've got Cheddar's, which we didn't have in the last time there was a recession, that's the value leader in casual dining. So while I can't tell you what the probability of a recession is, I can tell you, I believe that we're well prepared to deal with whatever comes our way.

Yes, Brian, when I talked about the kind of the sequential slowdown, it was versus prior year, so not worrying about pre-COVID. The only comment I had about pre-COVID was the seasonality differences. But you're right, Father's Day is something, but we're going up against the same week last year in Father's Day. So Father's Day to Father's Day should have been the same. And we talk about magnitude, it's a couple of hundred basis points of the industry. It's not like the industry went negative completely, but it's closer to flat than it was before in the month of May.

Yes. I don't want to get into too much detail on the percent of our guests that are at the low end. The lower-end consumer typically would be more of an Olive Garden consumer or Cheddar's consumer, more likely a Cheddar's consumer. And it makes up a portion of their guests, but not a majority of their guests. 
But the other thing is, remember, we've got a portfolio of brands that impact every segment of the economy and all the different economic stratifications of guests. So we feel like we've got the ability to deal with whatever comes our way, as I said, and would -- but don't want to give you the specific percentage of those consumers.