Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. It's hard to believe it's been a year since the pandemic began that significantly impact our business. While I reflect back on everything that's transpired, it is clear to me the strategy we developed 6 years ago provided a strong foundation to help us navigate this period of unprecedented change and uncertainty. 
Our portfolio of iconic brands has been focused on executing our back-to-basics operating philosophy while leveraging our 4 competitive advantages of significant scale, extensive data and insights, rigorous strategic planning and our results-oriented culture. And while our 4 competitive advantages were critical to our business and operational success this past year, our significant scale and results-oriented culture have played an outsized role in our ability to emerge stronger. 
Our significant scale enabled us to quickly react to the turbulent operating environment. The depth and breadth of our supply chain relationships ensured that we could adjust our product supply as needed without experiencing any significant interruptions. We have our own dedicated distribution network, and the assurance of an uninterrupted supply chain provide a consistency and a high level of certainty for our operators. 
Our scale also enabled us to significantly accelerate the development of online ordering and several other digital initiatives and cascade them across our brands quickly and effectively. The robust expansion of our digital platform over the past year has provided us a richer set of first-party data on new and existing guests. 
Finally, our scale provides us with multiple levers to pull to ensure we had the liquidity we needed during the early days of COVID-19. As soon as our liquidity needs were solved for, our brands were able to focus on strengthening their value propositions and transforming their business models.  
As our founder, Bill Darden, said, "The greatest competitive advantage our company has is the quality of our employees, evidenced by the excellent job they do every day." Throughout this past year, Darden and our brands have emerged stronger, and our success is a direct result of our team members and their relentless commitment to delivering safe and exceptional guest experiences. That is why we've continued to invest in our team members throughout the past year. 
Since March of 2020, we have invested more than $200 million in our people through programs such as paid sick leave, COVID-19 emergency pay and covering insurance payments and benefit deductions for team members who were furloughed. These investments also include our recent decision to provide all hourly restaurant team members up to 4 hours of paid time off for the purpose of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. In addition, these investments include the onetime bonus we announced today totaling approximately $17 million, which will impact nearly 90,000 hourly team members. 
As we continue to grow our business and welcome guests back into our restaurants, continuing to attract and retain the best talent in the industry will be critical to our success. While we're proud that on average, our hourly restaurant team members earn more than $17 per hour today, which includes our servers and bartenders who earn more than $20 an hour, I'm excited about the investment we made this morning. 
Beginning Monday, every hourly team member, tipped and nontipped, will earn at least $10 per hour, inclusive of tip income. Additionally, we are committed to raising that amount to $11 per hour in January 2022 and at $12 per hour in January 2023. These investments further strengthen our industry-leading employment proposition. 
Lastly, I continue to be impressed and inspired by our team members who have shown extraordinary resilience and passion during the past year. Once again, I thank you for your commitment to delivering exceptional guest experiences in our dine room and through curbside to-go. You are the heart and soul of our company. And on behalf of the management team, we're extremely grateful to you. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

David, yes, the labor investments we've made is embedded in the 150 basis points improvement we think we can make at 90% of sales. So that is inclusive there. 
Let's talk about the dining capacity. Basically, the way our dine-ins are laid out, LongHorn has an advantage over Olive Garden in its utilization because of the number of booths. But the way to think about it is we're somewhere between 50% and 60% capacity inside the dining room, depending on the particular floor plan. And so there's still limitations of availability inside our restaurants. As long as we're following the CDC guidelines, it doesn't matter what the local municipalities are doing. And we believe right now, it's in our best interest, our team members' best interest, with the priority of their health and safety for our team members and our guests, to continue to follow the CDC guidelines. And so when we think about our dining room, somewhere between 50% and 60%, 65%, depending on the individual floor plan. 
Off-premise stickiness. Let me just -- let me start off by saying, I am incredibly impressed with what our team has done to improve our capabilities in the off-premise experience. The digital experience is getting better every single day. It's being adopted. I thought -- in Rick's prepared remarks, he talked about 19% of our total sales now being digital. I think that's really impressive. I do believe that as more -- as we get to offer more capacity and we see this in individual restaurants, that the off-premise will start to fall off. I think while the capacity is limited, and there's still a lot of people out there that aren't fully vaccinated, there's still good demand for the off-premise. 
I believe that because of our capabilities that we've developed during the pandemic and our vision for how those capabilities will continue to improve in the future, our off-premise business will still be robust when it's all said and done. I can't tell you today what that percentage is going to be.

Well, obviously, we're only at 25% capacity in California, which is -- that's pretty restrictive there. So yes, our takeout percentage is higher in California. So I would say there's still pressure on the coast, both coasts. Especially in the Northeast part of the country, you're still seeing mobility not as great as it is in what I would call from Arizona all the way over to Carolinas, where I think mobility is much greater and the consumer is much more willing to get out and move around. So there's difference in sales there. 
But every day, I mean, this is very dynamic folks. This is changing daily as more and more people get vaccinated, more and more people get -- become confident in their ability to be mobile. And it's getting to the point where I think we're cautiously optimistic and excited about what's going to transpire here over the next few months, maybe a few years.

Yes. I mean, I think it's a very interesting question. I think we're hoping that CDC comes along with the consumer and the consumer behavior. We feel right now, it's still prudent to follow that guidance. There may be a point where we determine that guidance is out of date, and out of date with the consumer in a certain marketplace, but it's too early to tell. Right now, we believe that the best course of action is to continue to follow the CDC guidelines. 
And just back on the 50% to 60% capacity, one of the things you really lose in like on a LongHorn box is that those 2 or 3 deep standing at the bar waiting for tables, that's not there. So that's kind of included in that lack of capacity that we have right now. We're still asking guests to wait outside and not congregate in our lobbies. So there's revenue that we're losing there, too. 
So I think here in the near term, I think it's let's follow the CDC guidelines. And let's see if some other leading indicators around COVID cases and the death rate continue to decline, and then we'll continue to reevaluate as we move forward.

Well, yes. Well, the government sent a bunch of checks to a lot of people. I mean, we use a lot of stimulus in the marketplaces. There's multiple variables that are transpiring, right? So we've got stimulus being sent out, we've got vaccinations increasing, we've got the virus declining. 
What we can't do is really tease out which one of those variables is driving this. We believe that stimulus is a really big part of maybe the back end of [ 14 ], weakening [ 14 ] and the weakening 3 21. And so we don't have that stimulus in our outlook for the rest of the quarter. We know from history that, that fades. And this was a big stimulus package, so we'll see how long it lasts. But right now, we're thinking that it tails here pretty quickly.

Jeff, we're not going to -- we'll always say about the cost of this, is this is covered in our guidance, and we're not going to get into the specific costs of implementing this program. 
As far as wage rates nationally, I mean there's a lot of momentum here. I think that there's momentum for a bipartisan group to get to a solution that I think everybody can live with. I think that our focus is more on protecting the tip wage. We think that is extremely important for the overall restaurant business. We think it's extremely important for both constituents. The server doesn't want that relationship to change with the consumer, and the consumer doesn't want that relationship to change with the server. And so our focus and working with the powers to be is explaining how this relationship works and the importance of this relationship. 
And I would point to the fact that our average server earn -- our average tipped employee earns greater than $20 per hour. And you think -- and that's an average. So you think about as these servers develop their skill set and become -- and their capabilities and become very competent, they have the opportunity to earn well above $20 per hour once they become proficient at what they're doing. And I think that's important to note. I also think it's very important to note that if the tip wage was to be eliminated, the current compensation model for servers would have to change. The industry would change that -- the way people are compensated, and it's my belief over time that those people will be compensated less, not more. 
On wage, I would just end with that I believe that we're really well positioned to manage through any changes here. We've been able -- we've been managing structural wage changes for years. And we do that through improved productivity. We do that through pricing. But we've been able to manage that effectively, and I believe that we're well positioned to manage whatever changes come out of Washington or out of the individual states as we move forward.

Yes, Jeff, I think right now, the way we're thinking about it is we don't have any definitive plans as we move forward. We really need to understand what the competitive environment is, and then we have to really evaluate all the different channels and which is the most effective channel for each of the businesses, which I believe are very different. And then we'll have to -- if we need to layer it back in, we'll have to make the decision on what's the highest ROI investment that we can make for each of the businesses. And so we have some contingency plans already developed. We know what levers we would pull in different environments. 
But right now, we think we're spending at the appropriate level. We're still spending some good money in Olive Garden. We had -- we bought in the upfront. We're still running some very good television. I really like the creative. I think the team has done a very good job on the creative. And so I think we're getting across great messaging. 
So it's not like we've cut all advertising. We're still in some digital channels. We're still spending money on search. We think we're spending at the appropriate levels right now, and we'll continue to evaluate as we move forward.

Yes. We love our brands today. I think that some of our brands that were -- maybe -- I wouldn't say they're underperforming. They may be underperforming our expectations because against the broader competitive set, they were they were at the midpoint or even better than that. But the moves that were made and the structural changes to these business has us really excited and more -- and we think more about growth for some of our brands that probably didn't have the -- hadn't earned the right to have a lot of new capital invested in them because the returns weren't -- were -- weren't as competitive inside our portfolio, and we had better alternatives. That's going to change a little bit. So we're more excited about the potential growth of these brands. 
As far as M&A goes, I'm going to give you the standard answer that we continue to have conversations with our Board and look at opportunities. And I really can't say much more than that on that subject at this point.

No. I don't see any noteworthy behavior. I mean, I think in certain markets, people -- it's amazing. People get their vaccination, the first thing they do is they go to a restaurant, even though they probably should wait a few days for the vaccination to be -- but I mean, there's just -- I mean there are a lot of people that this is -- we're noticing, especially near vaccination sites, that this is their first time out in a year. And they're just so excited to be back. And they're just -- you can tell because you're seeing some larger groups of senior citizens that are just happy to be back out, having a dining experience. 
So no major changes other than people are happy. I mean, people are happy to be out, and it's definitely noticeable. There's good vibes in our restaurants right now.

Well, there's a couple of factors, John, driving our ability to only get 35 restaurants next year. Number one, we -- as we entered into COVID, we dismantled our whole development team. And so we spent the last 90 to 120 days rebuilding that. But that's really not the driving and limiting factor as we move forward next year. The limiting factor is that after we get past the letter of intent, every step along the way in that development process has pretty much slowed down significantly. And it has a lot to do with people working remotely, and we're not able to negotiate a lease as quickly as we once were. But the biggest hang up right now is permitting and getting your plans through permit and getting approvals that you need, getting people out to do your inspections so that you can move along. 
So I think the way I would answer is there's external factors that are limiting us being able to open more restaurants. We have the letters of intent signed. We just struggle past that point. And we hope that when we get to '23, we can get to the higher end of our 2% to 3%. We believe our pipeline is in good enough shape to get there. There's enough availability out there, and we're happy with the construct of the deals. But once we get to past letter of intent, this thing really slows down significantly and really out of our control. 
Now I'll just add that over the last couple of weeks, things are starting to pick up a little bit in the local municipalities, and we're starting to get some things done. But we're sitting on a restaurant today that we can't get open because we're waiting on that last inspection. And there's no sense of urgency in that local community to get out there and make that last inspection. 
As far as Cheddar's go, I think the limiter on -- we're thrilled with the business model. The limiter on Cheddar's will still be the human resources. We've got to build the bench strength so that we can get that system up and running. There's a tremendous amount of backfill opportunity. We're seeing the benefits of the backfill opportunity as we're opening some of these new restaurants that we've opened here recently. And so hopefully, we can get Cheddar's somewhere between 7% and 10% unit growth once we get everything to where we want it to be. And I think the benefit of our platform is that we don't have to overtax on one of our businesses to get growth. And I always say speed kills, and we want to be able to grow this thing responsibly and open great restaurants with great operations, high-volume concepts that we've simplified, but still difficult to run. 
But just one last comment on the growth is that with the transformation of the business model, we think the big upside now is that there's more Olive Gardens than what we may have originally thought. We can handle the cannibalization a lot better today than we could before. And therefore, we want to push a little bit harder on Olive Garden. And we -- and the returns are just fantastic in that business. So that's the best place to put our capital.

No, we don't plan to -- I think I'll start backwards on this. We don't think this is going to have to be a big compression issue. The amount of people this impacts is small. We're not going to give the exact number. And again, as I talked about earlier, it's included in our guidance for the quarter, and we include it for next year. And we'll disclose what our wage inflation we've projected to be when we give you '22 guidance. And it's for all employees. It's basically, if you're a tipped employee and your tips -- and your wage doesn't get you to $10, we'll bring you to $10 an hour.

We have -- I haven't seen the number for last week, but the week before, we were at about 115,000 versus 165,000 active, pre-COVID. And that number is increasing every week. And I think our greatest challenge right now is staffing. It's staffing, trying to attract people to come to work. That's why we're strengthening our employment proposition, which is already strong. We've got to staff it. We've got to train people. We'll train people now and in a very high-volume environment. And so as I really think about, what we're focused on is really back-to-basic restaurant operations. And part of that, one of those things that we focus on there is hiring great people and having great certified trainers that are able to train those people to bring our brands to life. And so that's our #1 -- that's really our #1 priority right now.

I'll just comment on Fine Dining. Obviously, that's coming back a little bit slower. I would say that Fine Dining in suburbia is performing much better than Fine Dining in essential business districts. We are incredibly impressed with the weekend business in Fine Dining, even in the central business districts. So this business is coming back. It's kind of -- we're going to be extremely profitable in this business. But it's going to definitely come back slower than casual. And so there's -- I will just add that we've been pretty impressed in the last couple of weeks how this business has rebounded.

Yes. First of all, on capacity, I think the last printed thing I saw from Technomic's was still 5% to 15%, tilted toward the higher end. It's my belief that the restaurants and central business districts will get recapitalized a lot and be able to come back a lot quicker than what we'll see in suburbia. And so I think that there's population is still growing. And just the fact that a lot of new restaurants aren't going to be added are also a benefit as we go forward. So I think as far as the capacity part of it, it's still a real -- a good tailwind for the industry. 
And as far as -- what was the...

Oh, number of Olive Gardens...

Yes, I think I would -- as you think about that, we're not ready to put a number out there right now. And we want to -- the way we think about development is we find the best piece of property that we can find, and then we try to put what we think is the best -- which restaurant in our brand in our portfolio will maximize the opportunity of that piece of land. And so I think numbers will ebb and flow. But we believe in the next few out years, we're going to get closer to that 3% of our framework. And that's where we want to be.

Well, I'm not sure what the next big idea is. I think the big thing that we're really cognizant of is how do we fight the gravity to pull us back, pulling us back towards what worked extremely well for us and staying -- keeping our eye on the prize of all the gains that we made over the last year. 
So I think right now, more importantly than ever, the way I'm thinking about it is back to basics. We've got to run great restaurants. We've got to be able to execute our food, our service and great atmospheres. And if we can do that, I think -- I always say this simple term, how do we do less better? And I think right now, we put our businesses through significant change, and I'm in this do less better framework. I want to make sure that we're running great, great restaurants. 
Strategically, I think the way we continue to think about it is how do we ensure we get -- take this opportunity to get our top line growth to 3%, which is a number we haven't really achieved yet. And 3% doesn't sound like a lot, but that's a lot of new restaurants in our system. Absolute numbers, right? When you start adding 50 to 70 restaurants a year, that puts a lot of strain on your organization and puts a lot of strain on your human resources. So I like this whole notion of getting narrower, not a lot of strategic change, but let's get into, execute, execute, execute. I believe our brands are differentiated enough right now to compete effectively, and there's not a lot of work to be done there.

Andy, I think it's a little premature to give -- to signal what we think that -- I think I would -- based on what -- based start now, I would look at what our norms have been. But one of the things that we got to -- we'll have to consider is, in this dynamic environment, is what do we think inflation is going to be. And it's too early for us to really understand what we think inflation is going to be in our fiscal '22. So I would just look -- if you're looking for guidance on that, I would look more towards our historical norms at this point.

Yes. Howard, I think that's why I'm trying to narrow the focus of the organization and really focusing on the back to basics and trying to eliminate any distraction at all. And I believe that the priorities right now, especially over the next 6 to 9 months is staffing. How do you ensure your supply chain is growing with the demand and all those other basic things that go on every day? And part of why we're making this investment today and our people is to say thank you and also to be -- to recruit. We know the people, best -- the teams with the best people will win in this environment. And we need to attract great people, offer them great opportunities, provide careers for them. But you've identified what our operating priorities are. Rick and the presence and really need to focus on this. We're monitoring the number of employees in each restaurant every single week. We're monitoring today the number of servers in each restaurant every day. So we understand what our staffing levels are and what we need to do to support that. 
Doug Milanes, our Head of Supply Chain, has done an incredible job keeping the supply chain full and keeping that continuity. We also have a lot of sensitive products that we serve. They have to be aged appropriately, which they've done a great job on. And so we're focused on -- you highlighted our biggest challenge. It's not strategic today. It's operational.

I think we're going to do both. We're going to try to bring back anybody that's familiar with the organization. But right now, I think most of who we're bringing back, with maybe the exception of California, is new people. And so what we do in that circumstance is we really -- we have a certified trainer program that we were able to really energize and connect with these people that are actually doing the training of the new employees in every one of our brands. And they're the key. And we've got to give them the tools and the time and the compensation in order to be able to train these new people effectively. 
And you're pressing on some of the biggest operational challenges as we ramp this back up. And I think it's right to highlight that. And I think our teams are going to be up for the task.

Yes. As far as -- I mean -- and I talked a little bit about this earlier, Brian, is we just have no definitive plans right now on when we're going to put back in and how we're going to put back in and which channel we're going to put back in advertising. We've got to look at the competitive environment. We've got to see where we're at. I think each brand will come back differently and use different channels that are more effective for them. 
We're still spending a good amount of money in Olive Garden on advertising today. We bought a lot of television in the upfront. We think that's an effective medium for us. And so we'll continue to spend in. I'm very happy with the creative. And so this is all what I would call a game time decision. When it's right to call that play, we'll call that play. But right now, we have no definitive plans to do that.