Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone.  
Our success this quarter was driven by the work we have done to simplify our processes and our menus to drive execution at the highest level. We also paused any new initiatives in order to further eliminate distractions for our restaurant teams and allow them to focus on what it takes to run 14 great shifts a week. In addition, To Go sales continue to benefit from the ongoing evolution of our digital platform. This platform makes it simpler for our guests to visit, order, pay and pick up, all while making it easier for our teams to execute at the highest level, both in the dining room and off-premise. This served our teams well as To Go sales remained high through the quarter.  
For the quarter, off-premise sales accounted for 27% of total sales at Olive Garden and 15% of total sales at LongHorn Steakhouse. Digital transactions accounted for 60% of all off-premise sales during the quarter, and guest satisfaction metrics for off-premise experiences remain strong.  
As we navigate short-term external pressures, our focus is simple. We must continue to win when it comes to our people and product. From a people perspective, the employment environment is challenging. That's why our top priority during the quarter was staffing our restaurants. Our operators and HR teams have done a great job sourcing talent. We recently launched a new talent acquisition system that helps increase our pool of candidates by allowing applicants to apply and schedule an interview in 5 minutes or less. Additionally, our brands are successfully utilizing their digital platforms, including social media, to promote our employment proposition and drive applications. As a result, we are netting more than 1,000 new team members per week, and our team member count is approximately 90% of our pre-COVID levels.  
The biggest operational challenge we've been dealing with is the temporary exclusion of team members identified through contact tracing. Given our commitment to health and safety, we are diligent about exclusions, but they create sudden staffing disruptions for our operators. Despite being appropriately staffed in the majority of our restaurants, these exclusions reduced the number of available team members with little notice for our operators to prepare. This volatility can negatively impact sales in these restaurants for the duration of the exclusion period.  
Getting and staying staffed also requires a strong focus on training. As we continue to hire, it is critical that we have the right training in place to ensure we continue to execute at a high level. That's why our operations leaders are validating the quality of our training during their restaurant visits, ensuring new team members receive the appropriate amount of training and successfully complete the required assessments.  
Our team members are the heart and soul of our business, and we are constantly focused on our employment proposition. The investments we have made and continue to make in our people are helping us retain and attract top talent, and I am confident in our ability to address our staffing needs.  
When it comes to product, our significant scale, including our dedicated distribution capabilities, enables us to manage through the challenges affecting the global supply chain and maintain continuity for our restaurants. Our supply chain team continues to work hard to ensure we successfully manage through any spot outages we encounter, and our restaurants have the key products they need to serve our guests.  
During the quarter, we had to secure more product than usual on the spot market because our brands exceeded sales expectations, and some of our suppliers experienced capacity challenges. Raj will share more details in a moment, but these higher sales volumes as well as freight costs have contributed to higher-than-expected inflation.  
Our scale advantage provides the opportunity for us to price below our competition and inflation, which is a strategy we have executed successfully. Our competitive advantage of extensive data and insights allows us to be surgical in our pricing approach, positioning us well to deal with these higher costs and maintain our value leadership. The rich insights we gather from our analytics help us find the right opportunities to price in ways that minimize impact to traffic over time. We still expect pricing to be well below the rate of inflation for the year, further strengthening our value proposition.  
Ensuring our restaurants are appropriately staffed and our supply chain continues to avoid significant disruptions will be the most important factors of our continued success in the short term.  
To wrap up, I also want to recognize our outstanding team. I'm inspired by the dedication and winning spirit that our leaders and team members, both in our restaurants and in our support center, continue to demonstrate. Thanks to each of you for all that you do to continue to create exceptional experiences for our guests.  
Now I'll turn it over to Raj.

Yes, David, this is Rick. I did say 90% of pre-COVID staffing levels. Assuming the volume that we have today, right, so volume will drive how much staffing you need. So think about that. We probably need somewhere in the single-digit number of team members in our restaurants. We have some restaurants that need a little bit more because of the location they're in. But as I said, most of our restaurants are fairly well staffed. 
And so as the volumes start to increase, we continue to hire. And so it really depends on where the volumes end up. But we don't believe that we would need the same number of people that we did before COVID at the same volume levels with these new menus. 
Yes. And the other thing that's happening now is we've got team members that are coming into the industry that may not be able to work the same number of hours. So it really all depends on the hours that people can work and the days they can work. So staffing levels in a number of people versus where we were pre-COVID probably isn't the best indicator, but it's a pretty good one. And again, as I said, we've increased our productivity. So all equal, same number of hours for a person, same number of guest count for someone we would need fewer people.

Brian, it's Rick. A couple of things about LongHorn. One is they have a smaller total team than Olive Garden does, right? So -- and they actually were in parts of the country early in the pandemic that opened up a lot faster. So their staffing challenges aren't nearly where Olive Garden would be. And actually, right now, they have more team members than they did pre-COVID, but they're doing a lot more volume. So their staffing challenges are really the same thing on exclusions. 
And if you think about the exclusions, a lot of it impacts the kitchen. And so as long as they've got enough people working in the kitchen that they have an exclusion, they can continue to drive sales through that. It's not as big an issue for them. So if you think about a LongHorn, probably 60% of the total team members of a restaurant than an Olive Garden does. And so when you have exclusions, it's not as big of an impact for LongHorn.

Lauren, it's Rick. Yes, we eliminated -- well, we stopped the test of loyalty right when COVID started. We didn't believe it was the right thing to do during the time that we were making sure that we can get our restaurants open and up and running. We are working right now on everyday value. As we've talked about for Olive Garden, we want to make sure that our value perception continues to improve. It's already great in all of our brands. And so right now, we haven't decided to even test again. That may come down to -- may happen someday. But what we don't want to do is provide a loyalty program that provides a discount to the highest used consumer. 
So if we have a loyalty program, we'll work on something that's different. Now I will say we were seeing positive trends in our loyalty program before. But that was a point-based discounted program that in the long run, we don't think is the right way to do loyalty in the restaurant business.

Dennis, this is Rick. Just a broad message on technology first is our goal is to implement technology really that reduces friction across every part of the value chain and while we respond to growing desire for choice and personalization from our guests. They want choice, they want to be personal -- they want personal experiences. 
And so one of -- a few of the things that we did in the first quarter, just to give you an idea, we added Apple Pay and Google Pay to olivegarden.com. We were already able to use PayPal to pay for you To Go order. And now over 25% of our mobile app transactions are paid via PayPal and these other wallets, where it's much more convenient to our guests to pay. 
We've updated the Curbside I'm Here experience for our guests when they have to go. Still not including geofencing, but it's coming as well. And we've just started A/B testing for Olive Garden on online recommendations for items. I'm not going to talk about what we're doing in future quarters, but we have more improvements. We continue to invest in this digital platform. Our goal for guest facing is to lead our segment when it comes to relevance and convenience for our guests. And we will continue to do that. 
Will we lead the restaurant industry? No, the quick service players are going to probably spend more and do more things in technology, but we're going to learn what they're doing and see what we can bring to our space. But we are going to lead the full-service restaurant space in technology for guest facing.

Yes, Nicole. We haven't seen a whole lot of pickup back in catering yet. We did see during COVID more catering to homes than to businesses. But since business spending and people still haven't gone back to offices, we haven't seen a huge pickup, but we are seeing some. We are seeing some growth in catering, but it hasn't been dramatic. We'll see what happens during the holiday season this year. But right now, not a huge, huge jump in catering from what happened while COVID was going on.

Yes, John, this is Rick. On the turnover front, we are actually starting to see our turnover get improved dramatically from where it was kind of during COVID and even coming right out of COVID. We're still well better than the casual dining industry in turnover and especially in the first 90-day turnover, right? And that really is a testament to the training that we're doing to these new team members when they're coming in. 
Now turnover is still higher than it was pre-COVID, but it's getting much better, and it's still much better than the industry.

Say it again?

Yes. I would say if you think about the percent of our team members that are in the first 90 days, they're not as productive as team members that are -- have been with us for a year. And we do have a higher percentage of team members that are with us for the first 90 days than we were 2 years ago. 
So there are some productivity improvements that we can do for those new team members. And we are spending a little bit more in training than we did 2 years ago because of that. And so there might be some chance to offset some of those things. But that will just come from inflation down the road. But yes, operating, we're operating well all of our operating metrics. If you think about our guest satisfaction metrics, they're still at the same level as they were over the last 3 or 4 months, even with these new team members.

Yes, Chris, this is Rick. We do -- in the restaurant-facing things that aren't guest-facing, our primary goal is to improve productivity and simplify processes. We believe we have a world-class scheduling system, and that does a great job taking the general manager's forecast and scheduling a great schedule. 
What isn't world-class, and it is the user interface for the manager to make it easier for them. So we continue to do things to make it easier for managers to do things faster so they can get with guests and they can train their team members and be with guests more. 
We have some things for our team members and what we've done with To Go in the kitchen. And we are looking at machine learning and AI to do better forecasting. So there's a lot of things that we're working on, especially in the kitchen, making it easier to order and receive product, do inventory and those kind of things. 
On the service side, we are testing a few things that may make it easier for them. But what we don't want to do is have technology override the experience for the guests. So we'll continue to make these investments in our technology, in our kitchen technology, in our To Go technology to help improve productivity.