Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I want to acknowledge that we are clearly in a time of uncertainty as it relates to COVID-19. I know you have a lot of questions relating to the future, and we'll try to answer them the best we can. 
First, I want to say thank you to our teams who are doing a great job managing through this adversity. Additionally, I want to thank them for the outstanding job they did in the third quarter. Our results were impressive. 
As you've seen from our press release this morning, total sales from continuing operations were $2.35 billion, an increase of 4.5%. Same-restaurant sales increased 2.3% and adjusted net earnings per share were $1.90. 
However, today, we're clearly faced with more pressing matters to discuss, given the rapidly changing environment and ongoing impact associated with COVID-19. To that end, I want to share with you what the Darden team is doing as it relates to the virus and the impact to our operations. Rick will share some of our quarter-to-date results and analysis on potential financial impacts. 
Turning to our ongoing response. We've established a cross-functional crisis team, led by me, and we're in close contact with the CDC and other government agencies to ensure we have the most up-to-date information to inform the decisions we are making. We have developed an action plan addressing business continuity, operations, communication and supply chain. Our plan is updated as we receive and process new information. The health and safety of our team members, their families and our guests remains our top priority, and we continue to take steps to ensure the safety of our hourly team members and restaurant management teams. 
Yesterday, we announced that we're implementing an Emergency Pay Program that will cover hourly team members for 2 weeks in restaurants facing a business disruption. This is in addition to the permanent paid sick leave policy we announced last week. At this point, we don't see any major impacts to our supply chain. We have been in discussion with all of our major suppliers, and they are confident that they can continue to supply our restaurants with safe, consistent goods to maintain service to our guests. 
Our restaurant teams are well-trained in food safety, sanitation and managing through viruses. We are regularly cleaning our restaurants with products that are on the CDC list of approved cleaning agents for COVID-19. We are confident that we will be able to maintain a steady flow of these products into our restaurants. We are committed to keeping our restaurants open, where permissible, to be able to provide meals to the community in which we operate, whether that be off-premise or dine-in, where permitted. And I'll reiterate that we are committed to the health and safety of our team members and guests by offering limited or no-contact curbside pickup, and practicing social distancing in our seating configurations in all locations where we are permitted to operate our dining rooms. 
While we have a strong balance sheet and a strong cash position, given the material declines we're seeing in our business, we will have to make dramatic change to our cost structure and cut nonessential spending. I'd like to emphasize that this is a rapidly changing environment, and as such, we are not able to reasonably estimate the impact to our business. The analysis that Rick will be providing are theoretical in nature and won't be able to predict the duration or scope of the impact at this time. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Yes, we -- and I have been in contact with the administration and members of Congress to help them understand the unique challenge that we face in the full-service sector. The priority of those discussions have been on developing a plan to be able to continue to keep our team members on our payroll. Trying to develop a plan, which would use government money to pay them and not have to separate with our 190,000 team members. That's been the focus of our discussions at this point.

No. I believe that -- I mean, at this point in time, we're early in the discussion, and there's just a lot happening in D.C. But they are well aware of the situation that full-service, casual dining, company-owned companies are really facing, company in the different than franchise.

It's taken us on average 6 to 10 team members in our To Go only restaurants to operate. I would suspect -- I think it's been all over the place and every day it's changing dramatically. But I think when I looked at it yesterday, our off-premise business was growing about 20% versus last year. So it's picking up as people change their behaviors. 
As far as third-party goes, I would say that everything is on the table. However, what we're focused on right now is ramping up and using our team members to be able to keep them on our payroll and develop our own delivery capabilities, which our teams are ramping very, very quickly.

We're doing it now.

Yes, Brett, we've had no conversations with our landlords at this point in time. We have stopped all construction of all new restaurants, and we're negotiating with those landlords to push off the commencement of rent. As far as labor goes, we -- again, we've implemented our Emergency Pay Policy for those that are being impacted from disruption standpoint. What we do into the future will really depend on what kind of relief we may get from the administration to help pay our people. But that's yet to be determined, and we continue to have conversations. I'll have conversations with the leaders in Washington as soon as I get off this call. So I really can't give a whole lot of guidance to that.

Yes. Brett, the dynamic of this crisis is changing hourly. So I don't want to try to predict what is going to happen. All I can do is that we are going to react. I am in contact with the governors of the largest states to talk to them about how we believe that our environments, if we practice, creates good social distancing, are some of the safest places to be, and we'll continue to have those conversations. But we are not in control of that. We will react to what the local government wants to do, and we'll do the best job that we can. But I have no way of predicting what's going to happen.

I would say that, obviously, the parts of the country that were impacted first -- were down significantly before other parts of the country. Again, I would say, more towards the middle of the country, you're seeing a little bit more of a normalized behavior. And then most of the Northeast is pretty much shut down, except for off-premise, so that stuff. And the numbers are very difficult to read at this point in time because we haven't had the chance to bifurcate our sales report to areas that are open for business with a dining room with social distancing and those that are just open for To Go. So our ability to analyze that has been a little difficult just because it's changing so dramatically. 
But overall, you could see it as business travel started to decline, all the business centers took a major hit. And now with areas closing down, I can't say consumer behavior has changed. It's just -- it depends on the situation.

It's a lot in there, John. You got it all in. Let me see if I can remember some of that. Well, first thing we do is once we get below 10 or less, yes, we basically go right To Go. Most of our order ins are 50% capacity or a high number like 100. And how we execute that is we put someone at the front door and we count. And we have the number of employees who were working on -- in those environments, limited menus. So we're -- we've got less employees in the building. We have some high-volume restaurants with limitations of 100 people in the building that are still doing some fairly good numbers. So I feel like we're really filling a need that consumer -- the consumer wants. 
As far as social distancing with our team members, I mean, it's a challenge. Most importantly, we're working on hygiene. People are washing their hands, we're sanitizing every table after every visit. And we've instructed our people to really keep their face back and be able to reach with their hands, and be able to serve the guests the best they can in that environment. 
To date, we -- out of our 190,000 team members, we have no confirmed cases. We've had a great protocol where we've got significant people -- significant amount of people that aren't allowed to work because they may have some sort of symptoms, but we've got great processes in place. We deal with much more contagious viruses all the time, and we feel our dining rooms are some of the safest places right now. And there are other places that are open and operating that are nowhere near as safe as our dining rooms.

John, other than me not taking a salary, yes, there's opportunities. We've cut all travel. We'll continue to look at our staffing levels in this support center. I'm not going to make any comments. All my people are listening. We're going to have to make -- there's going to be some sacrifices that are going to have to be made for the organization. And we'll continue to look at that and evaluate that as the -- as we get a better understanding of what we're really facing. And that changes daily.

No. I think we're too early on this -- in this crisis for me to have an opinion on that. I think that the full-service casual dining business is an important piece of the overall economic engine of the United States. You look at just the 6 top chains, we employ over 0.5 billion people, and these are great jobs. And people love working for us and consumers love us. And I think that we're all innovative and we're creative. I think that we're going to fight as hard as we can to get our share of the off-premise business in the time. And I believe that we'll all come out of it, the bigger ones, in a strong position. We all have great people. Our people love working for us. Our customers love us. And we just got to manage through this, and I think the industry will be fine.

Right, Howard. Yes, I don't want to speculate. I'm not an expert. I'm looking at the same information every day, every hour that you are. And when you look at the curves that they're predicting, I mean, I think that what I'm hearing is a peak at the end of May, beginning of June.

I'll start. You get the last one. As far as off-premise, we've already ramped up. We're doing delivery. We're bringing down the threshold where we have the available people to make those deliveries. I mean think of us at this point, or at least within the next 24 to 72 hours, we'll be pretty much delivering Olive Garden wherever people want it to be delivered to. 
As I said earlier on third party, everything is on the table. But right now, my obligation is to keep as many of my people working as possible. And I want -- I think that we can ramp up our own delivery much better. And I'll let Rick talk about the dividend.

Yes. David, I think -- no, the time commitment right now is once the disruption happens, it's 2 weeks. But that is subject to change, depending on what happens with these relief packages from the government. We know that the government is going to start sending people checks directly and not come through us. That has to be part of our calculation and when we think about our people. We're going to try to keep people employed, maybe through a furlough program, where we can still have -- they can still have access to their benefits, they don't lose their tenure. We're really, really trying to work through keeping our people engaged, so when it's time to ramp back up, that we can ramp back up quickly. But we have to continue to work in concert with the government. And if they're going to compensate the American public directly, then that has to be a part of our calculation as we think about our people.

Hey, all. There's 10 people in the queue, and I want to get to everybody. We have a hard stop at 9:30. We've got to get back to taking care of some things. So if you could keep it just to one question, that would be great. I want to give everybody an opportunity, but that would really be helpful.

Yes. Thanks, Jake. I would say that the Seattle market, except for the downtown area, held very tough, and sales hung in there for a while until we started to close down the dining rooms. It was a very -- it was okay in aggregate. I'm making that comment based on looking at big groups of numbers or looking at the individual numbers in the specialty brands. I don't know if that we really learn anything that's going to help us throughout. I think the biggest challenge we have right now is how do we really use our human resources and our creativity to ramp up our off-premise businesses. And I have a lot of faith in our leadership, and our folks operationally to be able to really make this a real focus and keep this business growing throughout this crisis.

No, John (sic) [ Matt ], I think that depending on the situation, how long the -- when did the employee work? How many days prior were they out before they were diagnosed? What I'm seeing in other businesses is that retail establishments are not closing. We would do a -- another level of cleaning if that was the case. But I wouldn't expect major closures over having an employee diagnosed with COVID-19.

Yes.

Thanks.