Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. It has been 14 weeks since our last earnings call. I don't know about all of you, but it felt more like 14 months. So much has happened. Over the past 3 months, our businesses -- our business changed in ways we never imagined. So I want to spend my time with you this morning trying to put it all in perspective for you, then Rick will share some of our fourth quarter and year-end results and provide our outlook for the first quarter.  
When I look back on all that has transpired, one thing that stands out is the resiliency of the full-service dining industry. Prior to the pandemic, total annual sales for the casual dining industry was approximately $108 billion. And while I do not know how long it will take the industry to recover from the significant impact it experienced, I am confident that this category will get back to the size it once was. Our industry plays a vital role in our communities, and that was evident in how the consumer relied on restaurants over the last several months even in a to go-only environment. And while off-premise will continue to play an important role as we recover, we know that the consumer still wants to enjoy an in-restaurant experience. In fact, going out to a restaurant with friends and family is the #1 activity consumers say they look forward to doing as the economy opens back up, and we've seen that as our dine-ins reopen across the country.  
As this vital industry continues to rebuild this tremendous opportunity to increase market share through increased on-premise demand and incremental off-premise sales, those executing at the highest level are going to continue to win, and Darden is well positioned to take advantage of the opportunity.
We last spoke in March. We knew the pandemic was going to have a significant impact on our business. Our ability to manage through this crisis has been driven by our commitment to prioritize guest and team member safety, invest in our team members, provide frequent and transparent communication, leverage our digital platform and be brilliant with the basics. The health and safety of our guests and team members has always been our top priority. And we have taken a number of steps to create a safe environment in our restaurants, from sourcing masks and other personal protective equipment for our team members to developing a contactless curbside pickup process at our brands while dine-ins were closed. We are mindful of the trust our guests and team members place in us. Today, our health and safety commitments are focused on team member health checks, personal protective equipment, enhanced sanitation processes, social distancing and frequent hand washing. We also provide paid sick leave for all our team members so they can stay home if they're ill.  
But we can't do it alone, and that is why we encourage our guests to join the online waitlist or make reservations, not into our restaurants if they are symptomatic, wear a mask and utilize contactless or mobile payment options where available.  
We continue to invest in our team members as our dine-ins closed. In addition to rolling out permanent paid sick leave, we introduced a 3-week emergency pay program that provided nearly $75 million of pay during the fourth quarter for hourly team members who could not work. When emergency pay ended, we covered insurance payments and benefit deductions for hourly team members who were furloughed. As we brought hourly team members back to work to support increased to go volume, we introduced an additional payment to help cover unexpected costs, such as transportation and childcare, incurred as a result of the pandemic. And to recognize the unbelievable work our managers did during the quarter, we paid their target bonus for the fourth quarter. We know our people are our greatest competitive advantage. Not only were these investments the right thing to do to take care of our team members, they've also created a deeper loyalty and strengthened engagement while we've seen this pay off as we bring our people back to work.  
Communication is the most important aspect of leadership during a crisis. We knew frequent and transparent communication with our team members and investors was important. Beyond daily meetings with all of our brand presidents, who, in turn, met with their operational leaders on a daily basis, we have maintained a consistent communication cadence with our team members. Since this crisis began, I have provided regular business updates to our people and have been open and honest about the impacts to our business and, consequently, the impacts to them. We took the same approach with our shareholders and the analysts by providing 4 business updates during the quarter.  
The pandemic accelerated the consumers' desire for convenience, and we saw a significant increase in digital engagement. The work we have done over the past few years, investing in our digital platform to reduce friction, prepared us to quickly adapt to consumer behavior and deliver on their expectations of convenience in our to go-only environment. During this time, we have strengthened our digital platform and made meaningful progress against our digital strategy. In addition to improving the guest experience across our digital channels, our strategy is focused on using technology to help our guests easily order outside and inside the restaurant, improve the wait to be seated, streamline the order pickup process and speed up how they pay. We've been building on our digital platform to support increased demand, and we certainly tested it like never before. 
During the quarter, online ordering at Olive Garden grew by more than 300% over prior year and accounted for 58% of To Go sales. At LongHorn, online ordering grew by 400% and accounted for 49% of To Go sales. Additionally, we accelerated our time line and rolled out online ordering at our brands that had not yet deployed it. We also added the ability to order alcohol online for all of our brands and markets where that was allowed. Our commitment to being brilliant with the basics allowed us to remain focused on operational execution even as the environment forced us to radically change how we serve our guests. Each one of our brands did a phenomenal job delivering a new guest experience by collaborating and sharing best practices. This involved creating contactless curbside pickup that included designing what was essentially a drive-thru in our parking lots. Wireless execution in this environment meant enabling our guests to order and pay online and have our team members seamlessly place their sealed orders in their vehicles. Our operators displayed tremendous innovation, flexibility and passion as they continue to serve our guests.  
And to ensure we consistently execute at the highest level, we took the opportunity to streamline our menus and improve our processes and procedures. With these changes, we are seeing improvements in execution and direct labor productivity.   
So what have we learned from all this? We've learned a lot. But most importantly, this situation has reinforced that our strategy that we developed 5 years ago, grounded in our "Back to Basics" operating philosophy, leveraging our 4 competitive advantages and cultivating a portfolio of iconic brands, is still the right one today. Strong brands with loyal guests have fared better, and the trust we have earned from our guests is critical. Being brilliant with the basics by consistently delivering exceptional food, service and atmosphere is imperative. However, we know how important safety and cleanliness are to our guests right now and we must continue to earn their trust every day.  
And throughout this unprecedented time, we have benefited greatly from our 4 competitive advantages: our significant scale, our extensive data and insights, our rigorous strategic planning and our culture, where the sourcing PPE for our team members, ensuring we're not impacted by supply chain issues, or sharing best practices across 8 brands, the ability to leverage our scale has allowed us to quickly react to constant change. Finally, as I said earlier, we know our people are our greatest competitive advantage, and I'm impressed by how our team members responded and continue to respond to take care of our guests and each other. Having a strong culture has been part of our DNA since we were founded. We were able to keep the majority of our managers employed and we stayed connected with our furloughed hourly team members. This allowed us to bring our people back quickly and get our dine-ins opened safely without any delays.  
As you saw in our press release, 91% of our dine-ins have reopened with at least limited capacity. We have also brought 60,000 furloughed restaurant team members back to work, and we expect to bring at least another 40,000 back as business continues to improve. 
I'm incredibly proud that our culture has actually strengthened during this most difficult period in our company's history. This, above all else, is what gives me confidence in Darden's future. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Thanks, Rick. And as you've seen in our 8-K filing this morning, Dave George will be retiring on August 2. Dave will celebrate his 65th birthday later this year, and we've been discussing this transition for some time. 
Dave and I have been partners on this journey for 23 years. He was a joint venture partner for LongHorn when I joined RARE in 1997. I still remember the first time I met him. We're going to visit his restaurants, so he picked me up at the airport in his Volvo with no air-conditioning in the North Carolina heat. I knew at the end of the day that Dave was a special operator. I wasted no time. We bought out his interest in his joint venture and brought him into the company. Over the last 23 years, Dave has been successful in every one of his leadership positions. He has led 3 of Darden's iconic brands, The Capital Grille, LongHorn Steakhouse and Olive Garden; and most recently, has served as our Chief Operating Officer. He built great teams and became a mentor to many operators and executives. His can-do approach and attitude permeates throughout Darden and each of our brands today.  
For many of the last 23 years, Dave and I have had lunch together on Monday to discuss what happened the previous week and to talk about what needed to get done going forward. Not much has changed over those 23 years, except today, we order salads instead of 2 or 3 entrees each. And for the last 5 years, Dave has sat next to me during every earnings call, as he is today, helping me find the details I need to answer your questions. I'll miss seeing him when I walk into the room on these days. For all the Darden team members listening today, our annual conference, which usually happens in August, would have been a great opportunity for everyone to see Dave, thank him and wish him well in person. Unfortunately, because of COVID-19, our conference has been postponed until next year. We will, however, be inviting Dave to our conference in 2021, and he's committed to come so we can celebrate all that        he's done for Darden and for many of you.  
In closing, I want to say thank you to all our team members, those currently working and those who remain on furlough. And as I've said to you repeatedly, your ability to adapt, innovate and collaborate during this time has truly been inspiring. Thank you for your ongoing commitment to our guests and each other. And now we'll open it up for questions.

I lost you -- did I lose you just -- you there, David?

I lost you -- last word I heard was on the other side. Is there a period after that? Or...

Yes. Yes, David. Yes, I think that, as I said in my prepared remarks, we went into this is a $108 billion category. And I have been really impressed with the resiliency of the consumer and how important full-service casual dining has been in everyday life of our guests. So I think the industry gets back to where it was. I think it's important. I think people really miss it, probably miss it more than they know. There's been a lot of predictions of how much capacity will come out of the system. I'm not going to sit here today and say I know what the exact number is. The one thing I do believe is there'll be less competition as we -- and less restaurants as we move forward. And I think that's a great opportunity for us. I think scale is going to matter more than ever. I think that we believe that we can get back to 2% to 3% unit growth pretty quickly. We're going to continue to open restaurants. We're going to continue to do new deals. We think the economics going forward here in the short term should get better for us on new restaurant development. And I think we'll go back to our basics. We're going to continue to try to improve our food offerings. We're going to try to make sure we have the right value that we're offering the consumer. As we mentioned in both our comments this morning, we've improved productivity in our restaurants through more streamlined menus. So we think the opportunity is there. We also think that off-premise will play a bigger role as we move forward. We think our capabilities in that have improved dramatically over the last 14 weeks. And we -- and I think a lot of consumers have the opportunity to maybe use our service off-premise that hadn't used it before. I think they were really pleased with the overall experience.

Yes. I think, David, each brand is in a different place. Each brand went to a different place when they went to off-premise only. So some brands, I would say, right now, are probably back to 100% of where they will want to be other than maybe some promotional items here and there. Other brands still have 10%, 15% that they need to add back to their menus to make them competitive. But it was not only the menu. I mean, I think when we basically closed down the operation, except for off-premise, we had the chance to rebuild as we open back up. And we had a chance to look at all our processes and procedures, and I think we were able to simplify and eliminate a lot of prep work in some of our businesses that we'll never get back into the business. I think these are costs that we're going to -- we've gotten out. We've had a lot of discussion around our table is that it's been much easier as we build the on-premise business back up, to reimagine what the operation in the back of the house looks like versus trying to reimagine it why you're operating. And we're really thrilled with the results so far.

Yes. We've run a lot of tests there, David. I think where we're settling in right now is $50 minimum. It's still the 5:00 call the day before. We find that to be the sweet spot. The average order size is still well above that. We didn't see any benefit of going below that threshold. And so that's where we're going to -- that's what we're netting out, and we think that, that opportunity will continue to be there. We will tell you that we did test doing our own delivery, found it really inefficient and it wasn't that additive. And so we're really focused on this curbside operation and think that's the future for off-premise.

Yes. Brian, 2 things to consider. First of all, geographies is working for Longhorn. We've got the state of Georgia. We have a huge presence there and business has come back real strong. I would also say that the Olive Garden dining room yields a higher percentage of tables available in -- with the occupancy restrictions than Olive Garden does. 
And so I want to take this opportunity to talk just a little bit about occupancy. A lot of people have done a lot of work on this. And I think that you're -- I think this -- I think you need to think about it just a little bit differently. Once you're past 25% occupancy, the only thing that matters is there's 6 feet of social distancing required. Remember, there's always significant inefficiencies in your seating capacity. We've always got 2s and 4s, 4s and 6s. We got tables for large parties. Our average party size is 2.3. So different layouts, even in different -- inside the same brand will yield you different seating efficiencies. We will be installing temporary barriers in approximately 100 restaurants in the next 2 weeks to try to improve this efficiency, especially in Olive Garden, and we want to do that while maintaining the social distancing requirements. We'll analyze the sales growth after we've installed those barriers and decide how many more restaurants we want to add it to. 
So that's a long answer to your question, but I think that there's some confusion out there, and we have to remember that once you're past 25% occupancy, the 6-foot restriction on social distancing trumps any other restriction there is because you can't get to 50%.

John, thanks for the question. As it relates to margins incrementally going forward, right now, if you look at our P&L and the way our margins look, our margins are better on a variable cost basis than they were coming into the pandemic. So if we don't make other investments going forward, you would anticipate our margins to be a little bit better than they were before. However, we're still making decisions on what we'll do as the sales continue to grow. Whether we bring some things back or invest in our guests even more to grow sales even faster. So I don't want to comment too much on what our margin structure is going to look like in a year or 2 years because we may make choices that take away some of that margin gain that we had or we may let that margin flow to the bottom line. But as of right now, our variable margins are better than they were coming into the pandemic.

John, we've had third-party delivery in some of our restaurants even before the pandemic started, including some Olive Gardens, a lot of Yard House. And we actually added some third-party delivery in Yard House in a different state. And we really didn't see that the third-party delivery grew faster than our own To Go business. Our own To Go business actually grew faster than the third-party business in those restaurants. And so we're still at the point where we believe that our off-premise business is really strong and continues to grow, and we are not anticipating launching a third-party delivery model. Now as we've said all the time, that can change. As soon as we see or if we see that those margins are equal to what we do today, then maybe we'll go into the third-party model. But as of right now, our resolve is strong. We believe that doing off-premise the way we do it, especially now that we've added this significant curbside business, is the way to go.

Yes. As far as capacity for Olive Garden goes, I'm not -- I don't really think it has -- the party size has an impact on that. It's just more the way the physical layout is, and we have a lot more room. We have rooms. We have less booths. And so we're trying to create that 6 feet is more difficult. Remember, some of our smaller rooms are offset. They're family tables, they're larger parties. Olive Garden does a lot of that. But the majority of our buildings right now, because the booth backs are less than 6 feet, we can't create the same yield. If we  -- and we are adhering to the local jurisdictions. If we adhere to those local jurisdictions, we can't create the same percentage occupancy in the Olive -- most of the Olive Gardens that we can in LongHorn. And that's why putting some of these temporary barriers that we're building in there could help increase the yield. And where we're seeing -- I think when we talk about Olive Garden, I think we need to focus on the absolute sales number, which is significant. And as we get towards the weekend, our percentages come down a little -- I mean, get a little bit tougher to keep up, right? So the bigger, bigger days that we have in Olive Garden are harder to match. Early in the week, our year-over-year sales declines are a little bit less. 
As far as off-premise, I think that we believe off-premise will play a bigger role going forward. I'm not so sure that we expect to kind of keep these run rates once we get back to a normal environment as long as there's a threat of COVID and people have modified their personal behaviors, then we think off-premise business will continue to stay robust. We think this will be a contributor going forward. We think when we level out, we'll be higher percentages of off-premise in all of our businesses. But I can't sit here today and say what I think that percentage is going to be. I do think it will be greater.

Yes. I would say it's too early to say it's really changed our philosophy on new restaurant development at this point. The one thing I do believe is the economics are going to be more favorable than they were pre-COVID. I think that there'll be a lot less people growing out there. So I think the cost of construction should come down just like it did in '09, '10 and '11. I think the cost of the underlying land should come down significantly. And so as we look forward, I think the economics look promising. The best restaurant deals we did were after the recession in '09 and '10, especially for our specialty brands. So we'll push hard on that to get favorable economics where possible. I do think that as we look at these businesses transition to more curbside than folks coming into our restaurants and picking up the takeout order, and we still don't know how when we get back to a normal environment, how that's going to migrate back, whether it's going to stay 100% curbside or people are going to want to come in. We've got to really go through that discovery process. I think the big work that needs to be done is to think about what do we need to do inside the box to better support and stage curbside. If it's going to be that big part of our business. Up until recently, in our existing restaurants, we've been doing remodels to create capacity for inside pickup. Now we've got to really relook at that as we go forward. We have been developing in Olive Garden more of a dedicated pickup space off the side of the kitchen that we're really happy with. But that might not be the way we want to go going forward. We don't know. And so we'll see as we move forward. I think we'll try to build a little more flexibility in our dining rooms and think about different barriers and our floor plans, so that if something like this happens in the future, we might have more flexibility. But I'm actually -- I'm really excited about the opportunity to build restaurants. I'm confident in our model. I believe the cost -- the initial investment cost is going to be less or at least not be inflating at the rate it was inflating. So we're going to be able to create significant value for Darden going forward with new restaurant growth, and we'll probably be one of the few out there that's opening new restaurants.

On the first question, I think I'll -- I mean LongHorn just started at a much lower level for off-premise, and that's why it's growing at 3x and not 2x. I don't think there's anything more to that. I think the absolute dollar is going outside on Olive Garden on takeout are impressive. I mean there are -- to have some of the CD levels of overall sales. I mean those are impressive numbers. If you look at 40% last week on $81,000 per week, that's -- I mean that's a huge business. So I wouldn't read anything else into that other than LongHorn started at a much lower level as far. 
As promotional promotions go, we've pulled back -- obviously, we pulled back on almost all promotional activity. You're seeing us do a little bit of television in Olive Garden because we own the spots. We bought them in the upfronts. And so we need to -- we'll continue to advertise there. Right now, we don't think it's prudent to be promoting people into our restaurants when we have long waits to get into the dining rooms. I think we would just be creating more frustration for our guests who can't get in. And so at some point, maybe we'll pivot to do some more off-premise advertising. But right now, we're looking -- we're taking this opportunity to cleanse our marketing spend, to understand, as we put it back in, what works better, what gets us the highest return on investment as we put it back into the system. And we think that's going to be a big opportunity. Again, this is where scale will matter. We can come back in and advertise our businesses at the right time. We don't think this is the right time to be advertising. We think this is the right time to pull it back, analyze the situation, and we'll make a -- whenever it's doing this -- when the situation is right, then we'll start to layer some advertising back in and promotion back in.

Well, I think that -- I'll answer the first question -- last question first. The off-premise is strong. It's maintaining. We're seeing no change in off-premise in those states for the most part. As far as how those states are performing against others, it all depends, I think, on what your brand strength is and what your relative share is in those markets. So obviously, when you look at LongHorn Atlanta, Georgia, we've got the largest share of voice there. I mean we have 45 restaurants in the DMA. We're a very trusted brand. We are borne out of LongHorn and out of Atlanta. And so I think people just trust the brand. And so where we have great brand strength, whether it's a Cheddar's market that has great brand strength or an Olive Garden market that has great brand strength, those restaurants come back faster and perform at a higher level. And so I don't think it really has to do with as much as when the state opens, as much as what's the brand strength in those specific markets. Another example is where -- we do really well in LongHorn and Cincinnati is another one of those early markets, and we came back strong in Cincinnati as soon as we opened. But that's true in -- for Cheddar's in certain markets. It's true for Olive Garden in certain markets.

Well, the most permanent and the most significant thing we've done is streamline the menus and our processes and procedures, and that's forever. This was the opportunity that a lot of us have been waiting for when we closed down our dining rooms and we knew we had to simplify for the off-premise. And then we had those 3 or 4 weeks to really focus the corporate level with our teams. They say, "Okay, what do we really need to come back and how do we keep this simple?" Because we had no idea what was going to happen when we opened our dining rooms. We didn't know if anybody was going to show up. Right? And so we have these simple menus out there. They're all disposable. We knew that we could change them quickly if we needed to. But what we've learned was we could get enough variety on the menus to satisfy the demand of the consumer, and we could simplify it because we want to make sure we didn't have as much labor in the back of the house to execute it. So to me, that's the biggest thing our teams have done and that's been the biggest insight that some of the -- what I would call the superfluous menu items that are on our menu that 1 out of 100 people that were buying when they were coming in just aren't important, and most of those created the complexity in the kitchen. And so with this, hopefully, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, we're able to pull those out, and I think that's what's going to be the lasting change. It's going to have significant impact 2, 3, 4 years from today.

All right. I would just say, real quickly, we've seen no change in our business trends in the states that are starting to spike. Obviously, we're concerned. We're focused on it. But as a leadership team, we always talk about, let's focus on what we can control, right? We can't control this. We're not doctors. We're not in the government. Folks are going to do what their leadership inside the states are going to do what they're going to do. What we -- if we were focused to pivot again to more restrictions, in-restaurant dining or even if we have to go back all the way on off-premise, we can pivot that way. It's going to be a lot easier this time to pivot that way because we know what we're going to do. We know how to do it. Last time, we were kind of making it up as we were going. We made a lot of right decisions as we did that. But this time, it would be a lot smoother for us to pivot back to -- on off-premise only experience for a short period of time. I think the difference this time is that this will be micro, not macro, and that's how we're thinking about it, and that we've got a team set up to manage day-to-day what's happening in these local municipalities, and we'll adjust. But as we think about it, as a management and the leadership team, is we're going to control what we can control and we're not going to worry about things that we can't control.

No, [ Peter ]. I mean, it's -- we're talking here 6 or 7 days since we've really seen something. We haven't seen any change in any behavior at this point in time that we can call out. And who knows? Maybe something will change tomorrow. I don't know. But right now, there's nothing for us to say that can add any value to this topic.

Yes. As of today, we have somewhere between 10% to 15% of our restaurants that are putting up positive same-restaurant sales. Their restaurants that have good, solid off-premise business, and they've got a business that will -- that kind of goes all day, right? It's -- they're in trade areas where, even early in the week, you've got business from 2 to 5 and after 8. So 10% to 15% of our restaurants today are positive same-restaurant sales.

Yes. I think it's real simple. Once we have the capacity and if we see any let-up in demand, then we can pivot to value. We have that opportunity to invest in value to drive traffic. At this point, it just doesn't make any sense because we have no capacity to drive it to.

When you think about stimulus, I would say it's definitely a positive. I'm not sure we can quantify how positive it is. And I would say that, yes, right now, there's -- we think it's -- some of that's going to go away at the end of July. But I have to -- you have to -- at least I think that the government is going to have to add some other stimulus to the economy. That should be a positive to us, and it just may come to us through a different vehicle. And so I expect the overall economy that have stimulus in it. I don't think it will come in the same form as it's coming today, but I think that we'll get our fair share of it.

Yes. I think what you're asking me is impossible to predict right now because what we -- we don't really understand the competitive situation. We don't understand how many competitors are going to be out there. We don't understand the stimulus that the government is going to put in. So I don't know where this levels out, right? But I do think it's important to note that our fine dining businesses and most -- primarily all our specialty businesses are going to return to normal more slowly than, I think, casual dining will return to normal primarily because capital growing AUVs rely on business travel and entertainment as a big part of their sales. And we saw that in '09 and '10. The businesses do shift. You become more weekend-focused in fine dining in an environment like this. And we're already seeing that shift that our weekends are actually fairly good in fine dining. Our mid-week business is weak. And so I think to sum it up, especially brands are going to come back a little bit slower especially in some of -- like some of the Yard Houses and -- that are tied to ballparks or stadiums or something like L.A. Live, as those areas come -- those entertainment areas come back slower, they'll have some tough sledding going forward there. But I don't know where this all ends up. All I do know is that with our strategy and we believe with our scale and our competitive advantages that we are positioned to gain market share as we move forward. And I'm confident in that, and I believe the investments we've made in our people are going to be the biggest advantage we have.

Well, I think it's tough. I think that that's -- we're balancing how much do we want -- how much capital we want to invest in some sort of temporary solution. If you asked me 2 weeks ago, I would have thought that we're on a better path to being able to see all the restrictions lifted. Obviously, that has changed here in the short term. So there's not -- we don't think there's much more that we can do than create some physical barriers without ruining the atmosphere in the restaurants to create capacity. I mean, some of our folks have been really creative with outside seating, which I applaud, and I hope they continue to do that. But then as we get into the summer months down south, that gets more difficult because of the thunderstorms and things like that. So I really don't see. I think we have to learn to live with what the restrictions are until such time they're removed.

Yes. Absolutely. That's why we think the investment that we made with the emergency pay and then paying their benefits has really paid off. We've had very little problem bringing our people back to work. They're excited to come back to work. They missed their work family. And so depending on the brand, we're anywhere between 50% and 70% of the initial workforce coming back. The -- in the restaurant business, our reputation is one of the most important things that we have. And so we have great basic hygiene processes and procedures already developed. And so our team members are used to working in this environment. Now we're enforcing some social distancing. They have to wear masks. But they're great already at washing their hands. The restaurants are already clean. They've got great food handling procedures. And so there's a lot of confidence in our restaurants that these are great environments to work in and they feel safe. Our people are just so excited to get back to work. And even -- I would even say, even when we were in our off-premise only, the amount of people that would -- were coming back to work and doing different types of jobs and just looking to contribute anyway was incredible. And so that's why one of the things that we talked about as a leadership team, the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to try to take care of our team members the best we possibly could in this very, very difficult situation. And that's why we've invested, in a gross level, $75 million in additional pay for those first 3 weeks. And I think we're being paid back for that, not just today, but I believe we'll be paid back for that in 2, 3, 4, 5 years. Our restaurant managers are incredibly loyal. We treated them very, very well during this process.

That's how I would think about it.

Yes. I think Cheddar's made it through this very well. There's 2 things I would highlight on Cheddar's. First of all, they've always under-indexed on off-premise. And we were able to do a couple of things through this a lot quicker than we were planning to do. First of all, we only had 2 antiquated phone lines going into each restaurant. And through this, we were able to get them an upgraded phone system so people could actually call in orders and get a response from our team members. Second, we were able to transition them to online ordering, which has had a big impact. And so their off-premise business has built and continues to build each and every week through this process, which we think will be very beneficial. 
The most important thing that happened for Cheddar's through all this is the way that we at Darden treated them. And I think that when you think about the management and employees, especially management, this was a critical -- I always look at, when we do acquisitions, it's always this critical moment when the management forgets about the old days and they don't have that romance with it and then they're thankful for the new days. And through this process, this is the time I think that our Cheddar's leadership and people in our restaurants were just thankful that they were a big part of a big company that could step up and do the right thing, and I think that is going to create incredible loyalty. We've lost very few management people through this time, and people are really excited about what they're doing. And lastly, they have the opportunity through this. They made the biggest change with their menu and processes and procedures in the back of the house. That's going to have a long-lasting impact on that business and improve the overall financial performance. So we're pleased. We think leadership did a great job. We think management in the restaurants did a great job. The team members have come back excited. So we think this was a  positive for Cheddar's when it's all said and done.

No. I think it was just a little bit of value add but not much. I think it was really -- there was just a -- there was a handful of products that weren't providing a whole lot of value to the consumer that caused a lot of chaos and a lot of additional prep and cost in the kitchen that we just removed from the menu, and our guests haven't been asking for it back. So I mean, there's just a lot of streamlining, but that menu has come down. It's a lot simpler and they did some really good procedural work in -- from the back door to the front to the dining room table that has just made it easy to execute.

Are you talking about the investments in the facilities that create capacity?

Well, the barriers that we're testing in Olive Garden can boost capacity significantly because the booth back is so low in an Olive Garden. That's the difference between olive garden and LongHorn is that the booth backs are much higher. And when you think about a LongHorn, LongHorn is just one big room. And then what we do in a LongHorn is we use dividers to create space and to create the ambience that we want, which ended up working in our favor. That created some social distancing. Whereas in Olive Garden, everything is at a much lower level. It's like at 4 feet. So we're looking at how do we -- we have gone into a majority of the Olive Gardens already put in Plexiglass in certain places to create some barriers to get us to the occupancy that we're at. And also in Olive Garden, you have a lot of nooks and crannies where we have 4 tables in there, and now we're lucky if we can -- we're only going to use 2. If we can -- in some of those instances in those rooms, you only really get to use one. And so it just had to do more with what the -- how the floor plan was and our ability to create barriers with booth backs.

There is some -- there's some geography that's favoring LongHorn versus Olive Garden. A lot of Olive Gardens -- I mean, just the way it's laid out, when you think about Georgia and the percentage of restaurants that LongHorn has in Georgia, and there are no restrictions in Georgia right now for the most part, they've really benefited from that.

Well, it's just a -- you got a significant off-premise business in those restaurants. And you have a consumer that probably has limited access to other restaurants that is willing to eat at 2:00 in the afternoon. And that's when I look at those restaurants, some of them are more rural, especially in Georgia. And so I think each individual situation has got a specific reason why I think that individual restaurant is performing the way it does. But it just says that, combined with good off-premise, consumer -- our consumer base that is willing to roll through the whole day and use the facility, you can create some volume greater than last year. Those are unique situations, though, David.

I don't know. Maybe up as much as 20%. When you're putting -- we'll probably get to put every booth and maybe a little bit higher, we're going to put every booth in play. Right now every other booth is out.

Matt, on the capacity, I think it -- I'm not going to tell you -- sit here today and predict a number, whether that's 10%, 20%. There's a lot of people throwing around different numbers out there. The one thing I will say, I believe there'll be significantly less restaurants out there to compete against in the near term. And the longer this environment lasts, I think the more fallout you're going to have. And so I think that is an advantage for us going forward.

The management and the Board will continue to look at the opportunities that are available out there. We'll look at our own portfolio. We look at what is out there that could possibly fit our portfolio. The only thing I would say on specifics around that is that we believe we want to be in the full service business. That's where we get the advantages of our scale. So as we look out there at the full-service environment, I think that we'll continue to analyze the opportunities. And if something makes sense, then we'll try to bring it into our platform. Our thought process is always, does it benefit by coming on our platform? And is the platform benefit if they -- by them coming on the platform? You get through that screen and then that can grow a little bit, then it makes sense. I think right now, it's about timing. It's about what's the right -- what the price discovery. And then we'd have to make the decision at that point in time.