Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. As you see from our press release this morning, we had another good quarter. Total sales from continuing operations were $2.25 billion, an increase of 5.5%, more than double the industry benchmark. Led by strong same-restaurant sales growth at Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse, Darden's same-restaurant sales grew 2.8% and diluted net earnings per share were $1.80, an increase of 5.3% from last year's adjusted earnings. The strategy we implemented 4 years ago is still the right strategy today, and it continues to drive our success.
Our operating teams remain focused on food, service and atmosphere, while at the Darden level, we continue to concentrate on our 4 competitive advantages: one, leveraging our significant scale to create cost advantages; two, using our extensive data and insights to improve operating fundamentals and to better understand our guests and communicate with them more effectively; three, ensuring our brands systematically go through a rigorous strategic planning process; and four, cultivating a results-oriented culture to enable growth. I'm really proud of our teams and the results they continue to achieve. It may sound simple, but consistency and flawless execution are hard to accomplish day-in and day-out. Our leadership teams remain focused on simplifying the business and they continue to find more ways to do so.
Olive Garden had a strong quarter, which resulted in its 18th consecutive quarter same-restaurant sales growth. Total sales grew 5.3%, driven by same-restaurant sales growth of 4.3% and 1% growth from new restaurants. Same-restaurant guest counts grew 0.1%, even as we continued to reduce incentives. Olive Garden outperformed the industry benchmark across all these metrics.
Check average increased 4.2% this quarter, driven by 1.8% pricing and 2.4% menu mix. This mix was driven primarily by consumer preference, as guests reacted positively to our promotions, and our Chicken Alfredo entrée that now contains 50% more chicken. The reduced incentives also had a positive impact on mix.
These results were driven by Olive Garden's focus on operational execution, everyday value, off-premise and a strong promotional line-up. The third quarter was highlighted by the busy holiday season, and Olive Garden restaurant's teams were well prepared to deliver exceptional guest experiences, which led to record sales and profit for the month of December. The restaurant teams also flawlessly executed 2 new exciting promotions, Oven Baked Pastas and Never-Ending Stuffed Pastas, while reaching all-time highs for overall guest satisfaction.
Olive Garden's value ratings also reached record levels as they continued to reinforce their everyday value platforms, such as Lunch Duos, Early Dinner Duos and Cucina Mia! across all guest communication touch points.
Finally, Olive Garden's off-premise business grew 13% and represented 15.9% of total sales for the quarter.
On Valentine's Day, which is their second busiest day of the year, off-premise sales grew 20% and more guests took advantage of the convenience of online ordering with a 52% increase in online orders.
The Olive Garden team continues to operate at a high level, and I'm confident that the strategic focus will enable them to continue competing effectively. 
LongHorn Steakhouse had another solid quarter. Total sales grew 6.7%, driven by 2.9% growth from new restaurants and same-restaurant sales growth of 3.8%, the 24th consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth. Same-restaurant guest counts grew by 0.5%. LongHorn outperformed the industry benchmarks across all these metrics. This performance was driven by improved operational execution, compelling promotions supported by LongHorn's You Can't Fake Steak advertising campaign and their industry-leading retention. The LongHorn team continues to manage the business for the long term anchored in this strategy of increasing the quality of the guest experience, simplifying operations to drive execution and leveraging their unique culture to increase team member engagement.
To ensure they deliver on quality, LongHorn continued its focus on grilling steaks correctly. Thanks to several efforts designed to simplify responsibilities across the restaurant teams, they once again achieved a record high steaks grilled correctly score during the quarter.
Also during the quarter, LongHorn received the Best Practices Award from the People Report, which recognizes the best workplace cultures in Casual Dining.
LongHorn continues to find unique ways to drive higher levels of passion and pride among its team members.
During the quarter, they introduced Grill Master Legend, a program designed to celebrate culinary team members, who have grilled more than 1 million steaks. The team at LongHorn is laser-focused on this strategy, which is reflected by their strong sales and profit performance during the quarter. They continue to make sound business decisions, and I am pleased with the momentum they have created.
Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen total sales increased 1%, driven by same -- driven by sales growth from new restaurants of 3.7% and partially offset by same-restaurant sales decline of 2.7%. The Cheddar's team remains focused on their 3 strategic priorities: they have to win, master the tools and standardize and simplify. They've been focused on establishing strong, stable restaurant leadership teams that strengthen culture and build team member engagement. And now, for the first time, our manager in training pipeline is on par with our other brands, which will enable Cheddar's to manage turnover and new restaurant openings more effectively.
While I'm encouraged by the initial improvement we saw in some of the HR metrics during the quarter, I want to see these improve at a quicker pace.
During the quarter, the restaurant teams continued to build acumen with the tools that have been implemented this year. The Cheddar's team improved their skills with reporting tools that included guest count forecasting and food waste management. These productivity tools are leading to better cost controls across the P&L.
Finally, their focus on implementing consistent standards, like having managers present in the kitchen, lobby and dining room during peak periods is having a positive impact. Ensuring managers are consistently engaged in the service experience has led to meaningful improvement in key guest satisfaction measures, including overall ratings, speed and service metrics.
Cheddar's made meaningful progress during the quarter, and while I'm encouraged to see the sales trend improve. While the work is far from over, I'm confident that the team at Cheddar's has the right plan in place, and I'm pleased by the results we're beginning to see.
Before I turn it over to Rick, I want to close by saying thank you to our 180,000 team members. As I noted in the beginning of the call, our strategy is working and that's due to the commitment of our restaurant teams to be brilliant with the basics and to the tremendous support provided by the team here at our restaurant support center. So on behalf of our management team and the Board of Directors, thank you all for everything you do to help us win every day. Rick?

John, maybe [ I felt you can ] give me a warm-up question this morning before you went there. Let me address the --  I think the consumer environment today continues to be strong, confidence remains strong, wages are growing across all the different parts of the population. I think, if we look back last year, at this time, we were trying to quantify that the tax reductions were actually working their way into the business. And I'm not sure that we were able to really say that. So I'm not really worried about year-over-year changes based on was there a little bit more tax money in the -- with the consumer, were they feeling stronger? I think the consumer today, folks, is really strong, and I really like the position that we're in. I think, it's -- I think, we're seeing it in all of dining. When you look back at our last quarter, with Darden, the industry grew approximately 3% total growth, and that's a really good number. I'm excited about that. I think, we're going to continue to be able to grow share in that environment. So I think, the consumer is really strong at this point.

Well, I think there's 3 things that are happening. There's no doubt that large brands are taking share, they're a little bit more competitive. They've increased the advertising. I think the value propositions in the large brands have improved, number one. Number two, I think that we're taking a long-term approach in each of those brands to ensure that we're really making sure that our advertising is right, we pulled back on some incentives. And I think, the third part of it is, especially with Yard House and Breeze, Yard House really suffered from the cold and wet on the West Coast. We lost a lot of capacity. Out -- our outside dining is an important part there. And we had the same issue in Florida. Florida was not as cold, but it was very wet during the quarter. And we lose a lot of capacity with Breeze and Yard House in Florida. So I think there was some issues there. And as far as Seasons goes, we've been readjusting that menu and bringing down the overall check average, which has been great, and the team has done a wonderful job there. We've been able to improve the profitability at Seasons dramatically over the last year. So I'm really pleased with where they're at. I think our other smaller brands are really healthy, making great long-term decisions, and had some impact with things out of their control.

Yes, I think it's going to be a combination of both. I mean, I'll remind everybody of our strategy is to try to use our scale to really underprice the competition long term and being able to come up with some productivity enhancements to help offset some inflation. So that will be a part of the strategy. Depending on what others do, then we'll react to that. Hopefully, it'll be an opportunity for us to be able to maybe pass on a little bit more pricing than we have in the past, but maintain our strategy of underpricing the competition, but also use it as an opportunity to gain some share.

Good question. I think that what we're really looking for is we need to make good decisions on who we decide to be our managing partner of some of our restaurants because they have such an impact on the overall stability of the teams. So as we continue to learn the people, learn their capabilities, our team is starting to make -- will start making better decisions on who they decide to lead the unit. And that is -- when I think about this business, that's one of the most -- that is the most important decision we make and has the biggest impact on our overall success is who we decide to run our individual restaurants. And as our management team is developing some more tenure with [ JW ] being in there now for a little bit over 6 months, Paul has been there a year, they're learning the people and they're making better decisions. And I think that will be the key to really, really stabilizing the team members and getting that -- getting the retention levels closer to Darden norms, which is what I'm looking for.

Yes, Will, I was only able to catch the last part of that question on mix, so I'm going to address that, and I'll give you back the microphone and maybe you can check your headpiece or whatever you're speaking into because it's -- you're really muffled. But on the mix, a couple of things really driving that. Our -- the promotional menus have been very strong, and we're seeing this consumer, that I described in the opening, that's really strong, has really been upgrading in the promotional constructs that we've offered. So that's been a significant part of the overall mix. Now there are a lot of little things contributing to the mix also, such as -- there's fairly significant when -- but when you add them up, you're getting at 2.5% or approximately 2.5%. You're getting benefit from less incentives, you're getting benefit from catering and delivery, you're getting benefit from the $5 beverage platform that we're running. And so, we've got a lot of things going on that are all seeming to work. We made a couple of changes to, what we call, our food and wine menu and what we pictured that contributed. So overall, and as I mentioned, the Chicken Alfredo, with the increased portion size of the chicken, is doing extremely well too. So great promo offerings and a bunch of other little things really contributing to the mix.

Yes, I mean, I think that they all continue to grow, especially we're starting to get into our second full year of Early Dinner Duos, which we knew, when we introduced that platform, that, that was going to take time because we didn't really go out and heavily advertise that. We knew it was going to take time to build. We keep refreshing the Lunch Duo portion of the lunch menu to try to create excitement there. That gives us price certainty at Lunch. And Cucina Mia! is getting close to 10% of sales, which is, we think about it, it's only 4 years old and to have that kind of preference is really strong. So we're pleased with our value offerings, but we're also pleased with how the consumer is buying up into some other areas of the menu. So in balance, we're very happy with how the Olive Garden menu is working.

Yes, I think what -- we've laid out this long-term framework and I want to pivot back to that. We really think that 2% to 3% new restaurant growth is the right level of growth for Darden. I think that I always talk about the importance of the human resource element of growth, and we believe that, that is the right level for us. We also want to be disciplined in our approach to choosing real estate. We think that, that's an important part of growth. So I really believe that we want to stay in that 2% to 3% new restaurant growth as we've gotten our long-range framework, and we're trying to make great long-term decisions and have greatly real estate discipline. And so that's what -- that's where we're at. And that's why, I think, we'll -- when we talk about '20, I think that's where you'll see us be.

I think, I mean, eventually we're going to lap the reduction. I think, we've probably got -- we got the fourth quarter and then we've got -- probably we pulled back a little bit last year in the first quarter, but let me just pull back and just say, the incentives are just one piece of our overall advertising and marketing strategy. And we'll continue to try to optimize how we spend our advertising dollars and how we interact with our consumers. And so depending on the environment and the competitive situation, we will make adjustments as needed to try to continue to grow our share and increase same-restaurant sales, but this is just one piece of our marketing and advertising strategy.

I'm not going to commit to that, depends on the environment and depends on other things that we're doing. So obviously, the over -- the lap -- the [ wrap ] in the first quarter is less than the rest of the year, so there's more upside that could be there in the first quarter.

Brian, we can't hear you.

Yes.

I think I'd pivot to our operational teams. I think that we did a great job on improving our throughput in our restaurants. This was -- it's a very busy time of year for us. I think our folks really prepared for, what we call, the busiest days of the quarter. They maximized their opportunity during that. I think that we had good marketing programs. But I think, our continued efforts to simplify operations is probably the biggest driver of our ability to execute at a higher level. And I think our teams did a fantastic job, they're really focused on really getting back to executing some basics of restaurant operations that are paying dividends. And I think that's where we're getting the improvement. I think especially when you look at Olive Garden, just doing outstanding job of off-premise, creating experience where the guest wants to come and pick it up. And so I think that, that's really where I'm giving the credit to the momentum in the quarter was our operational execution.

13%.

Yes, I think what's important is our current portfolio can deliver the long-term framework for the foreseeable future. And I don't want to -- without repeating what you just said, we're really focused on regaining momentum in CSK, but the management and the board's got an obligation to our shareholders to continue to evaluate the situation in our current portfolio and look for opportunities to add over time. But I think it's important to reinforce that we do not need to do an acquisition in the -- for the foreseeable future to be able to achieve our long-term framework.

Yes, I think that we -- you know the one -- there was one brand that we took a lot of talent out of, which was Bahama Breeze, but we've installed some new talent that's getting up to speed. I feel really good about the work that we're doing and we've got exciting brands in that other segment that are making -- really making good long-term decisions by pulling back on some incentives. I mean, the beautiful thing of the portfolio is that we don't have to make shorter term decisions to drive a comp number for a brand that is inside our portfolio. And I'm just happy with where those brands are positioned. I think it's well documented by a couple of other West Coast companies that were impacted by the February weather in Southern California and losing that capacity, which is so important to us out there, and we had the same problem in Florida. It was extremely wet here and when you lose 40% of your capacity, you just can't make that up. So I feel good about these businesses. I got good management teams, they're making good decisions, and I think they're going to compete very effectively in the future.

Yes, it definitely impacted mix. It added -- it impacted mix on increased preference, but also the add -- the buy up. There is a few opportunities to add protein to the dish that we've actually seen consumer preference there much higher than we thought we would see.

Yes, I think that we've made a few process improvements in Cheddar's, but the focus has been implementing our productivity tools and figuring out how to improve the HR metrics. The management team has identified a few more significant process improvements that will be implemented throughout fiscal '20 once we really lock in to solidifying our progress on the other initiatives on staff to win and really figuring how to maximize our productivity tools. We don't want to overwhelm this group, and there's -- so there is opportunity and you'll see more process improvement implemented throughout fiscal '20.

Well, I think that we've said is we need to stabilize the human resource metrics of this business that should lead to improved sales and profit results, and then from there we'll be able to continue to grow this business. I think that we're going to -- we'll continue to look at it. I don't want to put a number out there as a target. We have said that we don't like to grow brands at greater than 10% unit growth. We think that puts tremendous stress on the human resources. So we'll evaluate Cheddar's growth each and every year. I would end this comment by saying we think Cheddar's is still a huge opportunity in the marketplace, and we're more excited today than we were when we first bought this chain. The more we understand the consumer and the resiliency of the consumer, we get excited about the opportunity to grow this, but we're going to grow it responsibly over time, and we're excited about it.

Well, I think, we've -- as we've said in past calls, we've been -- we made some moves to try to mitigate the mix, but the consumer continues to utilize the full menu in Olive Garden and has surprisingly, in some ways, bought up into the promotions, and it's really been a confluence of a lot of small individual things coming together that has drove the mix. Ideally, we don't want to have that kind of mix. We don't think that's sustainable for a long period of time. But in this environment, right now, it's not one thing that we can point to that's driving the mix. It's a multiple of small areas that coming together are giving us this outsized mix growth.

Well, I give all the credit to Olive Garden off-premise growth to the execute -- the value in the offering and then the store level execution. Our consumers know they can count on Olive Garden to be on time and to be accurate. When you put that on top of an awesome value proposition to the consumer with its -- especially around its pans of lasagna or pans of fettuccine alfredo, our bulk salad or our bulk soup, our offering is compelling and our execution is really high. And what that tells me is the consumer is really engaged in that experience. We're doing a normal level of communication to our guests to remind them of the experience, but the repeat business there is extremely strong. And it's -- to me, it's one of the best values out there in the marketplace and executed at an extremely high level.

You know I think there's some logic around your statement. This business continues to perform well. We have a few areas inside the organization that are still struggling, primarily around, what we call, the CMP restaurants, which was basic -- all in state of Georgia. We continued to have that weigh on the organization, but there's a lot of progress in the rest of the organization and a lot of momentum. I really don't want to call this an inflection point or predict exactly when the business may go, may stabilize and get back to flat. But I will say that I am very excited about where the management team is, I'm excited about what they're focusing on, I'm excited about what they've accomplished. They just presented to the Board of Directors yesterday and really detail -- in a detailed fashion went through everything that's been -- they have accomplished in the last 6 months and it's getting to be exciting. But I'm not going to sit here and predict that this -- or say this was the inflection point or predict that we're going to be positive.

Karen, I think, it's a combination of both. I mean, I do think that consumer demand for convenience continues to grow, and I think that we're meeting that need. And I do think that -- again, the value proposition and what we do in Olive Garden is spectacular, and the execution and the thought that went into this over the last 4 years has helped them continue to gain market share. But there is definitely a significant growth happening in this part of the business.

Yes, I mean, I think, right now, we're probably a little bit more optimistic than we were a while ago because we've been able to sustain that. And there is so much energy and effort being put on the whole industry into that space, I think we're benefiting from that too, right? So everybody is talking about it and pushing that part of their business, but yet when you come back to it, we've got the best value proposition, so we're benefiting with -- benefiting by everybody talking about it and trying to promote that part of their business.

Yes, Jeremy, I wouldn't put much of our increase in off-premise growth -- increase in mix, in off-premise growth for labor. As we continue to grow off-premise, we continue to need to add people in Olive Garden to help offset the growth in off-premise. So I would say that as we continue to grow, if we're at 10% to 15% growth in off-premise sales, that's going to provide us the opportunity to add more people to make sure that we actually get the food on time and accurately to the consumer as they walk in the door.

Not really impacting our table turns. I mean, we've been really focused on improving throughput in our restaurants. So even though we're adding mix in Olive Garden, remember most of that mix at Olive Garden is coming from entrées, not necessarily on the add-on sales side, so it's not extending the meal period. And at LongHorn, their mix has been coming from add-on sales, but they've always had a pretty good add-on sales business. Our focus is to continue to drive better throughput in our restaurants, and we're not seeing the impact of mix lengthening that time in the restaurant.

I'm not going to get into the individual brands, but I'll just say our management turnover is actually lower today than it was 12 months ago. And I mean, to me, I think, that's the key we focus on management turnover. What  we're really focused on is [ GMMP ] turnover and that's less than 10% in our system.