Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. As you see from our press release this morning, we had another good quarter. Total sales from continuing operations were $2.13 billion, an increase of 13.3%. Same-restaurant sales grew 2% in spite of the negative weather impact, which Rick will address in his remarks. And adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.71, an increase of 29.5% from last year.
I'm proud of the way our teams have executed against our strategy we rolled out 3 years ago. Our operating teams remain focused on food, service and atmosphere. And at the Darden level, we continue to concentrate on our 4 competitive advantages: leveraging our significant scale to create cost advantages; using an extensive data and insights to improve operating fundamentals and to better understand our guests and communicate with them more effectively; ensuring our brands systematically go through our rigorous strategic planning process; and cultivating our results-oriented people culture to enable growth.
Olive Garden had another solid quarter. In fact, December was the highest total sales month in the history of the brand. Overall same-restaurant sales grew 2.2%, the 14th consecutive quarter of growth, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 310 basis points. Same-restaurant guest counts outperformed the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 440 basis points. 
During the quarter, Dan Kiernan was appointed President of Olive Garden. I'm excited to have an outstanding operator like Dan leading the team. His passion for our team members and guests, coupled with his deep understanding of the brand, makes him the perfect leader for Olive Garden. 
Olive Garden continues to consistently deliver strong results, which I attribute to the brand's strategic focus on driving frequency among our most loyal guests. This begins with flawless execution of the guest experience, and we will continue to focus on simplification to improve execution of our standards. 
We were also able to drive more frequency by introducing crave-able menu items that create excitement among our core guests. We introduced a new appetizer, Loaded Pasta Chips, and a new lunch entrée, the Meatball Pizza Bowl, during the quarter, and both were supported with successful integrated marketing campaigns that drove overwhelming PR buzz. 
Additionally, our focus on off-premise sales is doing more than just meeting our guest need for convenience. It's also enabling us to capture dining experiences that guests would not have previously considered for us. During the quarter, off-premise sales grew 13% and were approximately 15% of total sales for the quarter.
Building loyalty also means that we need to continue to deliver meaningful value to our guests every day. During the quarter, we launched a new advertising campaign to build awareness for everyday value, highlighting our Lunch Duos starting at $6.99, early dinner duo starting at $8.99 and create your own pasta starting at $9.99. 
The work we're doing is resonating, as industry data shows that Olive Garden has seen the largest improvement in our value ratings versus key competitors over the last year. Our focus on everyday value and simplification has also allowed us to reduce the number of promotional offers we'll run this year. 
As a result, during the fourth quarter, we will not offer our -- one of our most popular promotions, Buy One Take One, that ran during the fourth quarter last year. Buy One Take One is a strong promotional platform for us, and to assure its long-term effectiveness, we do not want to risk overexposure. However, not running this promotion may have a short-term impact on our traffic in Q4. I'm encouraged by Olive Garden's momentum, and will remain focused on making decisions that ensure our guests win. 
LongHorn Steakhouse's same-restaurant sales grew 2%, the 20th consecutive quarter of growth, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 290 basis points. Same-restaurant guest counts outperformed the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 420 basis points. The team at LongHorn continues to make solid progress against their long-term strategy of investing in the quality of the guest experience, simplifying operations to drive execution and leveraging LongHorn's unique culture to increase team member engagement. 
We think about investing in the guest experience across all 3 guest touch points: food, service and atmosphere. While we've been making investments across all 3 areas, our primary focus has been on increasing the quality of our food. In fact, we've increased the size or improved the cut of nearly every one of our steaks over the last 2 years. 
Our focus on simplification, like reducing the number of new items needed to support our promotional offers, is driving more consistency, leading to higher levels of execution inside our restaurants. That's evidenced by the fact that LongHorn ranks the top of its competitive set on food quality scores. 
And while LongHorn's team member management retention levels lead the industry, we remain focused on team member engagement. During the quarter, we kicked off our third annual Steak Masters competition. This program provides intense training for our culinary team members, while creating excitement and increasing engagement with our entire team in each restaurant. 
And finally, our new LongHorn openings continue to exceed our expectations, and we're building a strong pipeline for future growth. 
Now I'll update you on Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen and our progress with the integration. Same-restaurant sales declined 2.2%, and that decline was driven by the 52 restaurants in the 2 franchise systems that have been acquired over the last 14 months. Same-restaurant sales at the 91 legacy Cheddar's restaurants were essentially flat. 
Operation's leadership is focused on strengthening the restaurant management teams and working to improve operational excellence with a concentration on these previously franchised locations. Cheddar's is a strong brand that serves more than 6,000 guests per week. These high guest counts create some unique operational challenge -- challenges that we will address, primarily through simplification. This will take time as we manage through the amount of change taking place across the system.
Turning to the integration. It's been less than a year since we acquired Cheddar's, and I'm pleased with everything the integration team has accomplished in that amount of time. We are now in the final stages of our systems integration. All restaurants are utilizing our full distribution network, and we successfully transitioned Cheddar's onto the Darden payroll platform in December. The last major milestone is the rollout of our proprietary POS system, which we expect to complete by the end of the fiscal year. 
Our restaurant managers and teams are still familiarizing themselves with our systems and processes, and it will take time before they are fully comfortable using them. But we're pleased with the insights and feedback we're receiving from the restaurants that are fully integrated into the Darden infrastructure. As I've said previously, this is a complicated process. We know we're throwing a lot at the restaurant teams, and we know it's distracting. But we're confident the long-term benefit will be worth the short-term impact this is having on the business.
Now let me provide a quick update on the restaurant we just opened in Washington, D.C. called the Capital Burger. This restaurant is a brand extension of the Capital Grille in D.C., which is a very busy restaurant with limited capacity. The Capital Burger is a way for more of our guests to enjoy a bar-centric Capital Grille with a limited menu featuring our signature burgers. The Capital Burger will -- leverages The Capital Grille's steak and wine expertise as well as their exceptional service to create an extraordinary burger experience. I'm excited to see how our guests in that market will respond.
Finally, I want to congratulate all the restaurant management teams at Olive Garden and The Capital Grille for winning the People Report's 2018 Best Practices Award. Being recognized as having the best workplace culture in casual dining and fine dining is a tremendous honor. We know what truly sets us apart is our people, and I'm proud of the work each one of our 8 brands does to ensure our results-oriented culture remains a competitive advantage for Darden. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

As far as the -- let's start with the industry. We are seeing a little bit of momentum there, a little bit of uptick in traffic, but the real change that we're seeing as we analyze the benchmarks is that the check average appears to be growing and it's picked up some steam. And as we look at that, we're trying to analyze whether that is the industry taking more pricing, is it a pull back on some discounting, is it a change in promotional strategy. At this point, we really don't have a good feel, but we do see that check average is up over 3%. It's been that way for almost the last 90 days. So that's a significant move up. And so we've seen a tick up in traffic, but not at the same rate as overall sales. As far as the fourth quarter, I mean, we gave you -- we gave our guidance. We think that we're comfortable in that range. We do have some tough laps, but we think that we've made -- we're making good -- good long-term decisions. We think there's value in the menu. We think we're operating and executing at a high level. So I think we're -- obviously, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we just put forth. You did make the comment -- introduced the fourth quarter weather issue. And we have -- we've been in this quarter and every week, we've had a major snow impact for at least 1 day. And I will add -- and I think I added this during the hurricanes is that weather impacts today are greater than they were 5 or 10 years ago because of the media hype around the situation. And so it's kind of tough for us to -- and this will be the only comment I'll make about fourth quarter, it's been tough for us to get any type of read around fourth quarter because of the weather impacts in March.

No, it's -- I think -- we believe that we've -- we're actually -- we're going to run some promotion. I mean, we have taken the promotional calendar. We've gone from 9 to 6 promotions this year. We think that's a huge operational benefit. So our promotional timing is not lining up exactly with last year. We do have a great promotion that's about to start in 2 weeks that we think that will be really strong. As we change the promotional cadence, we also change our media cadence, which makes our ability to analyze our business week-to-week a little bit more difficult. But we're confident that we've got a good promotion for the back half of the fourth quarter. And we think we've got the right media plan. And so that's all been incorporated in the guidance we gave you.

As far as the [ GAAP ] would go, I would point you back to our long-term framework and say that we're focused on trying to deliver between 1% and 3% same-restaurant sales in a consistent basis. And I know there's a lot of attention and a lot of concern about our [ GAAP ]. I would point -- I'd go back and look at a 2-year stack, and we didn't lose that much momentum on a 2-year stack. Also, we lost a lot less momentum on the guest count. We appear to have a lot less price in the menu -- in our menu compared to our competitors, which we think is a really great thing, and it will play out over the long term. As far as labor goes, I think the key to labor is simplification. And we'll continue to simplify our menu, simplify our processes. And we've done a good job. I thought the graph that Rick showed in his prepared remarks shows that we are getting some productivity improvement to offset some of the wage rate increase. It's a line that I don't think that we're going to leverage here in the near term, but we're trying to keep it as flat as we possibly can. When I look at our businesses, I'm not so sure that there's a piece of equipment out there that's going to help us improve or any technology that's going to help us improve our efficiencies back there. My belief and my belief will always be that it starts with your menu, and it starts with all your processes and procedures as your products come in your back door. And that's what we're going to focus on.

Yes. I don't think it's had a whole lot of impact on Cucina Mia! It's only -- we're only offering it from 3 to 5. I mean, it's -- we see that Early Dinner Duos is just an opportunity to attract a clientele that is looking for value during -- really the only time when Olive Garden does -- has some capacity. So we see it as, obviously, there's some people trading in that were coming in at 5:30, they're now coming in at 5 -- 4:45. But we think this is -- over the next couple of years, we think this is a real growth opportunity for us just to build this value visit for people who aren't really time-sensitive around when they're eating. And we hope that over time, we'll just backfill anybody that we shift down into an earlier time zone. So we think this is a great way to offer value to our consumers in a period of time when our restaurants aren't very full.

Yes. I'll answer the last part of the question first. I mean, we've -- it will not change the first part of next year. We will have completely lapped this. We've been working this all year. We haven't talked too much about it, primarily for competitive reasons. We did want to call it out this time because Buy One Take One is one of our most successful promotions, and we're not sure how we're going to be able to really -- how well we're going to be able to offset that. As far as giving you some guidance into the fourth quarter, all I'd point you back to is our guidance. We've taken into account what we think the headwinds will be from removing that promotion, and it's in our full guidance. And I'm not going to give any more color than that.

No, that's -- it's exactly the opposite. Buy One Take One is a very, very profitable platform. And it's not heavily discounted because it is a prepared meal that's going home with a consumer, and it goes home without soup, salad and breadsticks. So the overall package, it's very additive actually. So it's a powerful driver -- guest-driver. And it's also, on average, I believe it's an average-type promotional construct.

Well, I think it's an -- I think it's a great question. It's an ongoing process. And when I look at the overall system, I think there is -- and I'm trying to allude to this in my prepared comments, this is a complex business that's doing a lot of guests. And we believe after being involved now for almost a year, simplification is the key. We've got to simplify the processes. In the restaurants that we've recently acquired, I think we're really focused on the fundamentals. We're focused on getting -- continuing to develop great general managers in these businesses. We have some staffing challenges in the restaurants that we've acquired recently. So I think about getting back to basics and making sure we have the right management team in place. We have the right number of employees scheduled at the right time. When you -- I think one of the things that we learned in this is when you buy a small franchisee, where their owners aren't financiers, but they're really the operating owners, and they operate the business. And there's a lot of emotion, there's a heart and soul of these businesses. And when you remove them, you might have a little bit more turnover than you thought. You have a little bit -- you'll have some cultural issues, and it's going to take time to rebuild that and integrate those restaurants into a traditional corporate system. And I think that's really what we're going through. These restaurants that we bought, I think there's 10 of them, 10 or 11 of them in Georgia. These are really high-volume restaurants. And even with the significant decline, they're still at the system average after this. So we're really excited about the opportunity to get in there. We have access to resources in Atlanta because of our huge base in our other businesses. So it's going to take a little bit of time. But I would say that when we look at it, we're more optimistic today than we were when we bought the business about the opportunity. The -- we believe we can have a significant impact on basic restaurant operations and improve the overall delivery and a guest experience to the consumer. I can't put a timetable on it for you. You just need to know that we're working really hard at doing these basic things. As I said, we're almost through the integration. Next year, we won't be talking about integration. Management won't be even referring to integration in the restaurants, they'll be the only systems they know. So I think we're -- we got a lot of work to do, but we're really excited about where we're at and what the opportunities are.

I think it's way too early to say that. And I would, again -- I mean, based on the fact, in the last 3 weeks, we haven't had a week where we haven't had a significant interruption into our business because of weather. And so I think it's my belief that it'll take time for this extra incentive to get into our overall system, into our economy. But it's got to be good news. It's how much of it flows to us. And I'll go back to the well-positioned brands with great value equations are going to benefit. And I think that when I look at our portfolio, I think we have the opportunity to benefit from this.

No. We are -- you are correct. We're lapping that promotion from last year. I think it was more just our intuition that told us that in the long term, you've got to protect the integrity of these promotions over time. And this is a great promotion, and we wanted to have its traffic-drivability to continue on. And if you -- we know if we run it 16 weeks a year, it's going to lose some of its effectiveness. So to me, it's -- when you think about Never Ending Pasta Bowl, it's a great promotion. But you've got to run it once a year, and you've got to enjoy it when it's going on, and then you've got to take it away. To make it powerful, it's got to -- it can't be there all the time.

I would say that -- well, obviously, we're thrilled that our in-restaurant business is continuing, and I think it actually grew. They're holding up a little sign across the table here saying our in-store restaurant actually did grow a little bit, which is fantastic. And I think the analysis that you made was compared to the industry, we're equal to the industry. Well, the industry has got a lot of take out growth in it, too. So that's not really a fair comparison. However, we're focused on it in its totality. When we think about Olive Garden, our goal is to deliver an Olive Garden experience to people when and where they want it. And we're -- we understand convenience is a big need state today, and so we look at it in its totality. So I guess, I would go to a day like Valentine's Day when there's no room to dine in Olive Garden because we're so busy. It's our busiest takeout day of the year. And so we're able to deliver an Olive Garden experience to the consumer in a way that they want it. They can't get into the restaurant, so they're going to take it home. So I think trying to isolate the 2 different need states is, I think, a mistake, and we've got to look at it in its totality. There's definitely a continued focus on off-premise. We're trying to maximize our opportunity there. But we are really focused on making sure we're creating a great in-restaurant experience because that's a big part -- that's the biggest part of our business. And our research tells us that the consumer is still looking for a great in-restaurant experience, and those who provide it will continue to win.

Yes. We are definitely trying to continue to create value through increasing the quality of the product in LongHorn and also watching what we're doing from a pricing standpoint. The mix is coming from a couple of components. It's coming from our simplification, and we're actually selling more add-ons. But the biggest part of it is a reduction in discounting. And as we reduce our discounting pressure, our menu mix goes positive, which is just another form of creating value for the guest. So when I look at the LongHorn mix for the quarter at 2% and only 0.7% in price, flat guest counts and I'm doing -- we're doing this with a lot less discounting, I feel really good.

Yes, I have been briefed recently on the recent Crest Data, and again, Crest Data is directional. But what we're seeing is large chains and independents picking up a little share, and small chains actually donating that share. And so that's the most recent trend, not a huge swing. I mean, we're talking 10, 15, 20 basis points here. There's not a lot of movement. But it does seem like it's coming out of small chains, with large chains and independents growing. As far as we look into the future, I mean, that's hard to -- so I do think that the large players continue to have an advantage from a cost standpoint, from an advertising standpoint. And we'll continue to -- should continue to take share if we manage our businesses effectively.

Yes, 2 thoughts, John. First of all, the independent growth is a coastal problem, and it's happening on the coast. It's not really happening as much in Middle America. And secondly, I think that we're also -- there's -- we're also at the top end of a cycle. I think we saw this in '05, '06 and '07, where there's a lot of capital out there for people to open independent restaurants. And usually the independent growth slows down as that capital slows down. And a lot of these restaurants cannot withstand any type of shock, and as we saw in '09 and '10 and most -- a lot of them fell out. So I think there -- as we look forward, I think a lot is going to depend on the overall economic environment.

Yes. I think that one of the things that we're most impressed with Cheddar's is the durability of their buildings. They've got a great design that's been able to stand the test of time. And I don't think that there's not a -- any type of remodel program that's needed. There's not a whole -- there's a little bit of refresh. We've got to do some signage changes, but for the most part, the buildings that we have bought are in great condition. We do have some transformational work in the kitchen with some new equipment that we're putting into some restaurants. And there will be some capital there, but that's minimal.

Yes. First of all -- I'll -- a lot in that question, but I always say that -- no, weather doesn't help us from a takeout standpoint either. I mean, it's -- we get to a certain point with this weather pattern that we're in, we're just -- the restaurants are closed. We can't do take out if we're closed. We take the safety of our team members very, very seriously, and we close our restaurant. So that the takeout is not there. The second part of the question around our attitude towards delivery. I would say that we are focused on Olive Garden, on our large-party catering. We see that as a huge opportunity. We're in the beginning parts of really starting to develop that. We are -- again, as I said before, we're real focused on these. The average order size is $300. As we continue to grow that business, it has some impact. We're still talking, a lot of the third-party delivery company is trying to understand how this is all going to shake out. And I -- we're testing, doing our own deliveries, so we've got a lot of things happening right now. And we'll continue to analyze it, and we'll make the right decision for our business when we have the right -- when we have enough information that leads us to a conclusion.

Yes, [ Timmy ]. We're obviously seeing good takeout growth in all of our brands, especially LongHorn as the consumer demands convenience. And so it's a significant part of the growth story in all of our businesses. But we're focused -- we still believe we're focused on maximizing the opportunity in Olive Garden because the food travels so well. And we have unique packaging, we have a unique product offering, and so there's a lot more focus on really growing that. I would say in our other businesses, we're going along with the demand of the consumer. And we think that's the place to be.

Yes. On supply growth, I think what we're seeing is we're seeing some rationalization, but we're seeing some good growth. So we're -- in the last Crest Data I saw -- and it was recent. It was that we're basically a net, no increase in restaurant growth year-over-year. But what we're seeing is we're seeing the weaker players start to close some restaurants. We're seeing some independents fall out, and then we're seeing restaurants come back in. And the restaurant brands that are growing are strong. And they're growing for a reason. So the example I like to use, is when we open a Yard House and we do $8.5 million in sales, we didn't create $8.5 million in sales in that marketplace. We stole that $8.5 million, it's been redistributed. And so as we see these stronger players continue to open, it puts -- it does put some additional pressure on the business. I will tell you that the one thing I have noticed in the last 12 months or so, which gives me confidence that the environment is somewhat improving is that our new restaurants are performing better. And it does feed into our belief that we've got to continue to build restaurants closer to where people live. They may be a little less likely to travel distances that they used to travel, especially if some of these malls lose their draw -- drawing power. But we've been pleasantly surprised to the upside how well our new restaurants are opening, and that tells me a little bit about where we are economically.

Yes. I mean, that's all incorporated in our guidance today. Again, we're hoping that you all in New York saw your last storm yesterday. We said that last week, too. So weather is out of our control, and there's nothing we can -- we don't worry about it. We're focused on running great restaurants. When we have a weather event, we're focused on ensuring our people are safe. And I think as Rick said in his statement -- in his comments, we saw more of a normalized winter through the third quarter. I mean, and when we got to the end of February and we looked at it, we said, "Hey, this is a normal winter." We've had the benefit of a couple of mild winters in the past couple of years. March may turn that upside down a little bit, but we'll give you some color on that in the fourth quarter when March is done.

Yes, Matt. That's inclusive of all off-premise. And yes, you are seeing us pop up, either via a test or we don't know that we're participating with them. They have a way of just taking your menus and marketing your products. So yes, that's inclusive of everything, 13%. And I thought the number that's impressive was 15% of our total sales for the quarter were from takeout.

Well, it depends. In some markets, we do and -- yes. I mean, there's a little bit of the old wild, wild west out there right now.

All right. Thank you. That concludes our call. I want to remind you that we plan to release fourth quarter results on Thursday, June 21, before the market opens, with a conference call to follow. Thank you for participating in today's call.