Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen from our press release this morning, we had a good quarter. Total sales from continuing operations were $2.06 billion, an increase of 4.2%. Same-restaurant sales increased 2% and adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.12. 
Looking at the industry overall, we continue to see that consumers are willing to visit brands with compelling value and strong in-restaurant execution. That's why we remain relentlessly focused on executing our Back to Basics operating philosophy anchored in food, service and atmosphere and support it with integrated marketing that resonates with our guests. 
We also continue to strengthen and leverage our 4 competitive advantages. One of those advantages is our results-oriented culture. Amidst record low unemployment, I am proud to see our retention rates continue to improve. We have a compelling employment proposition, and our ability to retain and staff our restaurants with the right people is an important driver of our success. 
Turning to brand highlights for the quarter. Olive Garden delivered its 21st consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth. Total sales grew 2.6%, driven by same-restaurant sales growth of 1.5% and 1.1% growth from new restaurants. 
Olive Garden outperformed the industry benchmark in same-restaurant sales and traffic by 120 basis points and 110 basis points, respectively. 
As a reminder, Olive Garden had a difficult promotional wrap to start the quarter, with Lasagna Mia comping over buy one take one for the first 4 weeks. 
Additionally, we made some changes to our promotional messaging, and we reduced marketing spending. As a result, we had to make up some ground from negative same-restaurant sales at the beginning of the quarter. 
Sales trends improved as we moved into Never Ending Pasta Bowl with more comparable marketing spend. The Olive Garden team continues to focus on operational execution, convenience and everyday value. Delivering exceptional guest experiences remain a key priority for their restaurant teams. Olive Garden also continued to meet their guests' need for convenience as off-premise sales grew 17% during the quarter, driven by strong preference for the $5 take home offer. 
For the quarter, off-premise sales represented 17% of total sales. Digital sales grew approximately 33% and represented 38% of total To Go sales. 
Finally, as we noted last quarter, Olive Garden introduced a new weekday lunch menu with 21 options under $10 to strengthen everyday value. This platform continues to perform well, and they're seeing meaningful improvements in Lunch sales trends. 
Overall, I'm pleased with Olive Garden's performance. They have the right strategy in place, and I'm confident that they will continue to make the appropriate investments and execute at a high level, which will enable them to continue to grow market share. 
LongHorn Steakhouse had an outstanding quarter. Total sales grew 8.4%, driven by 1.7% growth from new restaurants and same-restaurant sales growth of 6.7%, the brand's 27th consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth. 
LongHorn outperformed the industry benchmark in same-restaurant sales and traffic by 640 basis points and 550 basis points, respectively. LongHorn's performance is a result of adhering to their long-term strategy of investing in the quality of the guest experience, simplifying operations to drive execution and leveraging their unique culture to increase team member engagement. 
Over the last 4 years, the team has made significant investments in this strategy, and those investments continue to pay off. 
During the quarter, they introduced several enhancements to existing core menu items to further strengthen the quality of their food and beverage. 
And in order to tell their quality story more effectively, the LongHorn team evolved their award-winning You Can't Fake Steak advertising campaign to better communicate their expertise and showcase their high-quality steaks. The overall LongHorn experience is a key differentiator, and their distinctive, relevant advertising continues to resonate with guests. 
LongHorn was designed as a very simple business, and the operations team has done an excellent job of finding opportunities to simplify to drive execution. During the quarter, they implemented a number of ideas that were the result of direct feedback from restaurant teams. Additionally, a renewed focus on execution standards led to improved throughput during their busiest weekend hours this quarter. 
And finally, LongHorn continues to leverage their biggest competitive advantage, their unique culture. Manager retention reached another all-time high during the quarter and hourly retention rates remained at industry-leading levels. This high level of engagement is further evidenced by the fact that LongHorn's guest satisfaction rating for the quarter reached record levels across all key metrics. I'm extremely proud of the discipline the LongHorn leadership team brings to the business, and I'm confident that adhering to their long-term strategy will continue to drive their momentum. 
Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen total sales increased 4.2%, driven by sales growth from new restaurants of 5.4%, and partially offset by same-restaurant sales decline of 1.2%. We continue to see improvement in Cheddar's HR and operations metrics, which we know are foundational elements of running great restaurants. 
I'm encouraged by these trends, knowing that the restaurants that have made these improvements are operating successfully. 
Overall staffing levels for manager and team members remained strong during the quarter, and retention levels continue to move in the right direction. Hourly turnover improved by nearly 20 points compared to last year, and management turnover showed meaningful improvement as well. From an operations perspective, Cheddar's is a high-volume business that requires efficient throughput. One of the key operations metrics the team focused on during the quarter was speed of service, and they saw significant improvement versus last year. In fact, they saw strong improvement in the guest experience across all key metrics compared to last year. 
In addition to strengthening HR and operating fundamentals, the team also worked to improve the appeal of the amazing value Cheddar's offers. In October, they began providing every guest with their most cravable and highest-rated menu item, their Honey Butter Croissants. This is an element of guest service that we identified as an opportunity when we acquired the brand. Providing every guest with a warm Honey Butter Croissant reinforces the wow value Cheddar's provides. After making the necessary operational adjustments to facilitate this new step of service, and given the overall improvements in -- the operations teams have made, this was the right time to roll it out. And the response from the guests and team members has been very positive. As I shared on the last call, this quarter, the Cheddar's team increased their working media spend and conducted numerous test and learns using a variety of marketing channels to drive awareness and trial. They're in the early stages of this learning and still have a lot of work to do. They will continue to invest the time, effort and resources in order to determine the most effective way to market the brand in the future. While I'm encouraged by the results we're seeing, the work at Cheddar's is far from over. The team is working on the right priorities, and I'm confident they are moving in the right direction. 
And finally, the holidays are the busiest time of the year for our restaurant teams as they delight our guests and help create lasting holiday memories. This time of the year is also a great reminder that being of service is at the heart of our business. We embrace a higher purpose of enhancing people's lives, which is why we serve with purpose to delight our guests, support our team members and make a better tomorrow. One of the ways we're working to make a better tomorrow is through our Harvest program. 1 in 8 households in our country live without consistent access to food. To help fight hunger, every one of our restaurants donates surplus food to local food banks and nonprofits in their communities on a weekly basis. More than 115 million pounds of food has been donated through this program. That's the equivalent of nearly 96 million meals. The impact of our Harvest program takes on added significance during the holidays. And I'm so proud of the passion our team members have for it. 
On behalf of the management team and the Board of Directors, I want to thank our 185,000 team members for everything you do to serve our guests and communities. I wish all of you a wonderful holiday season. Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Well, I think we were pretty clear on how sales performed throughout the quarter. We definitely had a tough wrap. And I think that we signaled that at the end of the first quarter that Lasagna Mia wasn't performing as well as we had hoped. We pulled the promotional advertising for that promotion, and we focused on the introduction of $5 take homes. I did say -- as I stated, as we introduced Never Ending Pasta Bowl and had comparable marketing trends improved throughout the quarter. And I would say is -- how we feel about the business is really in how we think about our guidance for the year. We've come back out and reconfirmed our guidance, and we feel as though that business continues to perform well. It continues to take market share in the industry, and we're comfortable with where we're at.

Yes. That's a great question, Sara. I mean we did know that Longhorn was performing really well throughout the quarter. And we made the decision not to push extra TRPs into Olive Garden to try to make up for the slow start we had in the quarter. We have levers to pull if we need to, and we chose not to pull them and decide to let the quarter play out the way it did. And that's the beauty of the portfolio. We knew that we had really great strength in LongHorn, and we didn't up the marketing spend. We actually spent less money in advertising and in marketing in the second quarter than we did the prior year. So I think we have -- I think that's -- we have to always pull back and say, what's going on in the business. 
I do think, as we do go forward, we will continue to look at how we use value in Olive Garden to drive same-restaurant sales, but also compete effectively against our competitors. And we'll have to continue to watch what our competitors are doing, and we'll have to match that intensity. Olive Garden is -- when you look at what Olive Garden has accomplished over the last 4 years, it's incredibly impressive. And we believe that it is positioned to continue to dominate in Casual Dining. And I believe we have more levers than most to pull to support that business.

John, we had 2 extra weeks of media in the quarter. You saw that in the restaurant level expenses. I wouldn't give that a lot of -- a lot of the credence for the increase in same-restaurant sales. I think -- as I think, as I said, the LongHorn team has been investing in this business for 4 years. Every steak today is bigger or better than it was 4 years ago.  They've invested in the bread service. They've invested in many other aspects of the overall operation. But I think the most unique thing about LongHorn in this environment is that it is a smaller box with less employees than the average Casual Dining restaurant. Their ability to attract a top-quality employee, train them well and retain them, I believe, allow -- enables them to execute at a higher level. And if I was to point to one thing that is driving that business, it's that single attribute right there. To answer your question, is this a sustainable trend? I don't know. All I know is this team has made -- has had a great discipline for 4 years, made a lot of really good investments. And I believe that they continue to do the right things every single day for their team members and their guests. And again, it's a unique operation because it's much smaller and inside a smaller box, and they deliver at a high level. And it all came together this quarter, combined with a couple of extra weeks of media, and they had a great quarter.

Yes. Great question, David. I think what -- we'll continue to focus on nonworking media spend to see how much we can pull that down to help offset the inflation but we will try to spend, from a media standpoint, at the same levels without increasing the overall spend for the brand. Now I think, as you know, as you get around the elections, especially when you're doing a lot of national stuff and some spot television, you can get bumped. And trying to make sure that we get our full complement of advertising as we move into the last 6 months prior to the election, depending on the marketplace, will be a challenge. But we'll try to work around that. We've got other levers that we can pull, social, we got [ TDIs ]. We've got some other things that we can do to help offset that if we're not getting our full complement of advertising. But we'll continue to work and focus on making sure we're as lean as we possibly can be on our nonworking so that we can maybe shift a little bit more of that into working to offset the inflation.

Yes. I think what we're seeing in the industry is that there's more pressure on some promotional constructs that have now become permanent parts of menus. You got a big competitor out there that's stated they're going to be -- continue to be very, very aggressive. But I continue to look at -- when I look at KNAPP and Black Box, I continue to look at the check average, it's growing north of 2.5%. So the consumer is still paying 2.5% or plus more. So I think that you've got a -- we've got to stay on top of what's happening in the industry. We need to make sure that we're offering value in our large brands, across the platform. So some value in price, some value in portion as we try to attract and talk to each and all the different constituencies that we have for consumers. I would say that Olive Garden is the value leader, and that we need to stay focused on that and making sure that we have the appropriate price point for all consumers that want to use Olive Garden. And I think that we have the ability to lead in that, not just follow.

Yes. I think that the $5 take home has been a great addition to the off-premise menu for Olive Garden. It's been well received by consumers. We'll continue to evolve that platform over time. We think there's continued upside there. As we focus on off-premise, our biggest initiative is to improve the convenience for our consumer. We go back to -- we know the 2 most important things are on time and accurate. And as we continue to grow this business, we focus on those 2 things, with the addition of ensuring that we have the right capabilities in each one of our restaurants. We're investing capital dollars into our restaurants to ensure that we have the space and the right equipment to handle the additional demand. And that's a big -- that will be a big effort over the next 12 to 18 months. And we think that we can take a little more friction out for the consumer. This is a very highly rated experience for our consumer, and we'll continue to focus on executing at a high level. As long as the consumer demand is still there, we think there's opportunity to grow this space. And I'm really excited about what we're doing. But more importantly, what excites me about what we're doing from an off-premise standpoint is the quality of the experience and the quality of the product that's leaving our restaurant. And I believe that's why our business continues to grow.

Yes. Well, bottom line is that we're operating better. We've got more stability. I'm starting to see a culture developed inside of Cheddar's for the first time, one culture, right? So you go back to when we did the acquisition, we had these 3 distinct cultures. And for the first time, I'm feeling like we're Cheddar's of one. And I've said all along, this is not a brand issue. This is an operations issue. And I think our teams are making significant progress, and we've got stability in a lot of places for the first time. And again, this is the beginning of a journey, but look at the power of LongHorn, where we have this stability and what we're able to accomplish. Getting 20 points of reduction in employee turnover is huge. And I think we can do -- I think we can continue to do that again. And -- so that's what -- that's really what's got me excited. I think we're just doing a better job. I had lunch at Cheddar's this week. It was fantastic. It was the best experience I've ever had in a Cheddar's. And -- so I mean, that's why I think we're starting to make improvement. There's still -- as I said, there's still pockets in the company where we don't have that stability yet. We don't have that tenure, and we haven't developed that culture, but we're on a much better path.

Sure. When I look at LongHorn, I would just say the management turnover is sub-15%, and it's less than 10% at the managing partner level, which is very, very important, and I think compared to an industry of mid-30s. I mean, we're -- that's just -- it's industry-leading. It's leading inside of Darden. We have tremendous tenure there. And most importantly, we have tremendous pride in that business. And -- so that's a big thing. Employee turnover is in the low 60s, that's looking much more like one of our upscale businesses.  And -- so you can do so many different things. Think about the lack of training costs that we have in that business and the rest of our businesses because we're so far below the industry average, but especially that one there. And I think that really leads to great operations. And I think that's what's been driving. Our off-premise -- our position hasn't changed on off-premise with the last mile delivery. We believe today, we want to control the experience. We do have off-premise, last mile delivery in Olive Garden. Again, I'll remind everybody for $75 -- above $75. And if you let us -- if you call it in before 5:00 the night before, we will deliver, that's a big business. It's a growing business for us. We've got an average check in the $300s. That's business that's really worth chasing and doing. So we're in it in our own way. But as I think -- as we think about it as a team, we really like controlling that experience, and we get back to those 2 most -- those 2 critical aspects the consumer's looking for: on-time; and accurate. And we control those when we control the overall experience. So our position on the last mile delivery companies has not changed.

I think off-premise will continue to be a driver. I think the $5 take home platform will continue to be a strong driver. There's a lot of innovation that we can still do in that platform. I think that we've got other platforms out there that we'll continue to strengthen, whether it's buy one take one, Never Ending Pasta Bowl. I think that the promotional pipeline continues to be strong. And I think that I want to pivot back to -- I think that this is an important time that we focus on running great restaurants, and staffing is the most critical thing that we face today in this employment environment. And -- so we need to make sure that our Olive Gardens remain staffed with great people. We need to focus -- continue to focus on improving our employment proposition. These are high-volume restaurants. And we -- and I think that we win if we have the best people inside the box. I'm comfortable with our ability to create a strategy to continue the momentum. And I think there are drivers out there.

Well, I think that -- Nicole, that's a -- it's an interesting question. I think that for some of our consumer -- because it's such a broad audience. Some of our consumer, value's a lot more about what they pay from a dollar standpoint, and they're looking for that entry-level price point. For some of our consumers, value's more about portion size compared to price. And -- so we try to define value for everybody a little bit differently. And I think you have to -- in a brand that has such broad appeal, you have to have value in everything. It's just which part is important, the numerator or the denominator. We know that there's a guest base inside of Olive Garden that plays a -- that price plays a very important part of their decision-making, and we have to have an offer out there a lot of the time so that they will come to us. If they don't have an offer, they will go someplace else. We know that through our token analysis. But we also know that there are folks out there that look at value on, say, Chicken Alfredo, when we increased the size of the portion of chicken, the value scores went way up, and that was very important to them. But that's not an entry-level price point in Olive Garden. And -- so we've got to think across a broad spectrum and define value different for each opportunity. But we have to have something for that consumer that is very deal oriented, and we know we have to have that out -- have to have something out there most of the time.

Yes. I mean, the prime demographic is 35 to 55 for Olive Garden. And we've talked about the fact that population for the prime dining out years is going to start to grow and continue to grow for a while. I would say when we think about millennials, I think the one thing that millennials, of all socioeconomic background, like to do is have a lot of choice. They like to build their own meal. That's where Cucina Mia! has worked so well for that cohort. But I would tell you that millennials that are -- have lower incomes are looking for value just the way other groups look for value at that point in time. And I think we have to be careful with gross generalizations of this cohort as they transition into the next phase of their life. We over-index with millennials. This is a very millennial-friendly brand. It is a very social brand. And I'll tell you that millennials love the value of Olive Garden because they can stretch their dollars.

Yes. I think the brand that we made the most progress in was in Yard House. I mean Yard House was positive before the Thanksgiving shift. So we are very pleased to see that. And -- so we'll continue to find ways to try to use digital to promote these brands. We're doing a lot of test and learn in those brands also to try to be effective. We're trying to make -- we're making progress in all those brands. I would say that Seasons -- as Rick alluded to, Seasons was the most impacted by the holiday switch. I think we're making progress in that business.

I think they had -- I don't know if they had a meaningful impact. I mean, they had some sort of impact on the quarter. I would tell you that this -- we're testing some of this activity on a very small scale, trying to get an understanding of what can move the needle. I would say that this is an evolution. I think that we need to continue to use a new store development backfill strategy so that we can become more efficient in some more markets to really make some of this stuff pay out a little bit more positively. 
So I don't know. I can't give you the time to say, hey, this is when we're -- we think we're going to have this all figured out. I will also add that in the digital world today, it is very, very dynamic. And I think test and learn in digital is going to be something that companies are going to be doing forever because there continues to be new avenues and new channels in which you can get to your consumer. And that audience is very fickle today compared to what it used to be with spot TV. So I think test and learn is going to be a part of our vernacular for a long time.

Peter, we're still testing. There's really no further update. We're continuing to analyze the results. But at this point in time, we're just in the same 10%, and we'll continue to watch how that's maturing.

I think that we want to continue to see if there's something there. I mean, we're trying to value the first party -- what's the first-party data worth to us, and how much can we move sales with a loyalty program. We're trying to get that read. And again, these are big -- this is a very, very, very big decision, one that's very difficult to undo. And -- so we have to have a high confidence level that this is a correct path to go down. And at this point, we're not at that level yet.

Yes. I mean, I think it's -- we've got -- we've had some huge calendar swings. So I think the volatility on a comparative basis is still there. I think the environment is a little bit better than it has been in a while. I think that employment's still strong, confidence is rebounding. I think the near-term risk of a recession has receded. So I feel pretty good about the overall environment right now. And I don't think that us as a team, we get too worried about day-to-day, week-to-week volatility. I mean, it's still there. There's volatility around what your competitors are doing and what we're doing. And we're not -- we're cognizant of trying to match promotional weeks, but we've had much -- we've been much more willing to make longer-term decisions and let there be a little bit of volatility week-to-week with our marketing activities. So it's made -- sometimes it makes it a little harder to read, in the short term. In the long term, it all works out.

I think it's -- I might have a real brief comment on that. This marketplace is going to be defined by winners and losers. If you have a strong value proposition and you're executing at a high level, and that execution is going to be driven by your employment proposition. In this environment, attracting, retaining great employees has never been more difficult. And those that can do that with a strong value proposition are going to win.

You're getting a little too granular there. All I would say is that our delivery program continues to grow at a good pace. And when we're doing Never Ending Pasta Bowl, that's not a great time. I mean, it's not one of our best periods for off-premise. It's just not a promotional item that lends itself to that but overall, I would just say that $5 take homes was a big piece of what we have for our new offering. We've got people excited. But our overall off-premise business continues to grow with consumer demand. And I'm not going to get into much more detail than that.

Yes. I mean, let's -- Thanksgiving has turned into one of the biggest days in upscale, and they didn't have that in the second quarter. So I think these upscale brands are performing really well. I mean, we have 2 of the best upscale brands out there today, very high-volume with Capital Grille and Eddie V's, and they continue to perform at high levels. So I'm excited about what they have going forward. As I've said before, I think their books look good through the holidays. These are exciting businesses, and I'm very pleased with their overall performance.

Yes. John, I think we've talked about in the past, I think that these brands are in some of the best retail trade areas in the United States. They continue to face competitive intrusion. And you have to fight that competitive intrusion off. They're small enough where 1 or 2 restaurants being down a significant number can have an impact on the overall business. 
As I said, I'm pleased with the trends in Yard House, Seasons -- we're making progress in Seasons. We've been able to pull out of a lot of the discounting that was happening in that business, which we believe was a good long-term decision that's put -- it's had an impact on the headline number. Bahama Breeze, we've had some competitive intrusion. We've also cannibalized ourselves in our biggest market, Orlando, opening up a couple of restaurants that have had an impact on the overall system. And we know this market well, those are places where we want to have restaurants. But right now, there's been some cannibalization. I don't really pay a whole lot of attention to some of those top line numbers, I pay a lot of attention to the individual restaurants in each group, and I understand how they're performing. These are well-positioned brands that continue to perform well. But they're in the best trade areas in America, and they're facing competition.

Well, I think that there is a growth opportunity with LongHorn. I mean, we're concentrating on entering new territory slowly, and we're focused on trying to backfill where we have opportunities. We think the governor to growth is the human capital. This is -- this is a brand that is very important, how we develop our culture and how we run it. But we are on a path to do 15 to 20 this year, which is a pretty good number. We haven't opened up any LongHorns in California yet. That's really the last big territory available to us. We are going to open up a restaurant this spring in California, see how the brand is received. We'll open a few more, and we'll support that. But we're very pleased with this, and I love the controlled growth, because to me, that's where we're at. We're in 43 states. So I don't know where you got your number from. LongHorn's in 43 states today. And over 500 units, closing in on a $2 billion brand. We're going to continue to grow this. This brand has growth opportunity, we're going to grow it responsibly.

We look at every real estate opportunity as what is the best way? We'll -- if the building has a good enough structure, we'll do a rehab. We've done a few of those. If we don't believe the building has the structure to  really be a good place for LongHorn over 30 years, then we'll blow it -- we'll tear it down. But each individual site is evaluated with -- through an economic lens and say, which is the best economic outcome for the investment.

Yes. Steve, good question. We have not had any emphasis on improving our off-premise sales in Cheddar's. We believe this to be a big opportunity. And it's an opportunity that we will tackle over the next 6 to 18 months. We need to go back and we need to develop good processes, understand what the -- develop good capabilities, implement online ordering, which is not accessible today. All those things are -- our growth opportunity there and -- it'll all be sequenced in when we believe we have the right operational capabilities to handle it. But you have identified a future growth vehicle for Cheddar's.

Yes. I believe that you'll see us use that lever appropriately. We have been in the marketplace, testing some new offers with some relatively short expiration time to see how the consumer reacts to them. It is just one piece of our overall toolkit to drive the business. Now we -- again, we have identified, as we pulled out and slowed down our [ TDIs ] over the last year, there is a consumer out there that will only visit our restaurants when we have an incentive out there. So we need -- we've learned that we need to have something out there for this consumer. And we'll continue to -- we talk about one of our focuses, when we talk about Back to Basics, is our integrated marketing approach. And this is part of our integrated marketing approach is how do we use [ TDIs ]. How do we use other discounts or incentives? And combined with what we're doing on a promotional level, too. We always think about those in unison. So it is another lever that we can pull. I will say, for those that do look at our frequency, I would urge you not look at that in isolation because there are other parts of our media spend that have a lot more impact than our [ TDI ] spend, primarily, how many total rating points we have in the marketplace.

Yes. I'm going to probably dodge that a little bit and give you the standard answer that we'll continue to evaluate our current portfolio and evaluate the opportunities to add to the portfolio. As you know, we're -- we continue to look at the opportunities out there. We continue to look at the opportunities internally, and we'll continue to have those discussions with our management team and our Board. And while we're doing that, we're going to continue to focus on running the great brands that we have.

Yes. I don't think -- we don't believe that they're cannibalizing future visits. I mean, obviously, I think that people make a choice, am I going to eat in or eat out tonight? And we want to be in both those -- both those decision sets. I go back inside the quarter and say, we started off -- we had a great promotion last year with buy one take one, and we had a promotion that was weaker. I think it's important that where we're sitting here today, admitting that we didn't hit the mark with Lasagna Mia, and we pulled off the promotional advertising to support that. Not everything that we're going to do is going to work, but you got to -- we know, we recognize that this wasn't -- something wasn't right with it, and we didn't put the promotional dollars behind it. And we pivoted and I think that put us in a hole in the quarter. And we decided to just let it play out. And that's primarily because we have LongHorn doing well. So I don't -- I think that -- I look at it as all one big pool. And we've been saying for years, we're going to try to feed people Olive Garden where and when they want it. And I think that we're doing a great job with that. And I'm excited about what we've done at Lunch. We've definitely improved that trend. We're competing more effectively. And we'll, I believe, into the future, we'll have to make strategic adjustments to compete more effective with Dinner too. You're constantly evolving in this business. You're not staying still. And -- so I'm confident in our team. I'm confident in our insights. And all I want to do is sell Olive Garden food to some -- anybody that wants it, anywhere they want it.

No. I think that any time you -- testing environment is small, and it's always different than a macro test.  So we're not sure what else was going on. We just -- we made the decision -- I think in hindsight, we may have made that decision too quickly and didn't give a chance to play out. But we did what we thought was right, wrong or indifferent. We made a pivot and it's behind us, and now we're moving on.

We were definitely out there with a lot more incentives, and that was part of -- we need to be out there because we pulled back on the advertising spend. So it's just -- again, it's a small channel in which we play in, but we definitely increased, and we also were out there doing a ton of testing. So test and learn just doesn't apply to our smaller brands, it was test and learn inside of Olive Garden, they probably did the most test. Trying to understand which [ TDIs ] would resonate with consumers, how long of time that they need to put on those to activate a consumer. So we were definitely in the marketplace, and it's a great way for us to talk to our eClub members. So again, I just think it's a risk for you to look at all that in isolation because the media spend was down significantly, and we were testing and learning in this channel.

Yes. I'll answer them backwards. I think it's just focus, I think we're focusing on those busiest hours. We're asking for our top management person in the restaurant to be at the front door to help with that process. It's like anything else in our business, when we focus on something, we get it, and management teams have done a great job focusing on that. I think the beauty of the LongHorn quarter is I can't point -- I'm not going to point to anything in specific. I believe this was a quarter where 4 years of investment, a couple of extra weeks of really, really good advertising that's resonated with the consumer, great stability in the leadership roles in the restaurants, all came together and we had a great quarter. Anybody that  tries to isolate and point to one thing other than a onetime promotion, I believe, it's very hard, very difficult to do. And I just think everything came together for LongHorn. Great quarter. Great job to the team, anybody that's out there listening, you guys did a great job.