Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. 
Given the ever-changing environment we continue to operate in, I am very pleased with what we accomplished during the quarter. 
We are focused on 4 key priorities: the health and safety of our team members and guests, in-restaurant execution in a complex operating environment, investing in and deploying technology to improve the guest experience and transforming our business model. The progress we made in these areas, combined with our operating results, gave us the confidence to repay the $270 million term loan and reinstate a quarterly dividend. 
Let me provide more detail on the 4 priorities. First, the health and safety of our team members and guests remains our top priority. Following CDC guidelines and local requirements, our teams continue to practice our enhanced safety protocols, including daily team member health monitoring. We also continue to configure our dining rooms for social distancing to create a safe, welcoming environment while maximizing allowable capacity. A key part of this work is installing booth partitions to enable us to safely increase capacity where permissible. At the end of August, we had completed installation in just over 500 restaurants in our total portfolio. 
Operating in this environment adds another layer of complexity to an already complex operation, and I'm proud of the commitment our teams make every day to keep our guests and each other safe. 
Second, we are laser-focused on our "Back to Basics" operating philosophy to drive restaurant-level execution that creates great guest experience, whether that's in our dining rooms, outdoors on our patios or in their homes. But it's not easy. Executing at a high level is more complex today due to COVID-19 restrictions that vary by market. 
Additionally, the constantly changing mix between on-premise and off-premise, plus expanded outdoor dining that is weather-dependent, leads to unpredictability in sales. This is why the work we continue to do to streamline our menus and improve our processes and procedures is so important. 
Removing complexity from our operations has allowed our restaurant teams to execute more consistently in this unique environment. Our operators continue to deliver great guest experiences by displaying a high level of flexibility, creativity and passion every day, and I'm thrilled to see that reflected in our guest satisfaction metrics. 
Third, we are continuing to invest in and implement technology to remove friction from the guest experience. This includes providing multiple ways for our guests to order inside and outside the restaurant across our digital storefronts. Additionally, we are deploying mobile solutions to make it easier for our guests to let us know when they have arrived to dine or pick up curbside order to go. We are also expanding mobile payment options, providing additional convenience for our guests. For our 3 largest brands combined, more than 50% of our off-premise sales during the quarter were fully digital transactions where guests ordered and paid online. 
Finally and most importantly, we transformed our business model. Even with the sales declines we're experiencing, our restaurants continue to produce high absolute sales volumes. Therefore, we made the strategic decision to focus on adjusting our cost structure in order to generate strong cash flows while making the appropriate investments in our businesses. This provides us a stronger foundation for us to build on sales as sales trends improve. 
The first step in this process was to reimagine our offerings. This resulted in simplified menus across the platform, driving significant efficiencies in food waste and direct labor productivity. Additionally, due to capacity restrictions, we significantly reduced marketing promotional spending, along with other incentives we have historically used, to drive sales. We will continue to evaluate our marketing promotional activities as the operating environment involves. 
Finally, we have further optimized our support structure, which is driving G&A efficiencies. The results of all these efforts to transform our business model can be seen in the fact that we generated adjusted EBITDA of $185 million for the quarter. 
Turning to our business segments. Olive Garden delivered strong average weekly sales per restaurant of $70,000 while significantly strengthening their business model, resulting in higher segment profit margin than last year. They were able to capitalize on simplification initiatives that strengthen the business model while making additional investments in abundance and value. This work was critical to position Olive Garden to drive future, profitable top line sales as capacity restrictions ease. 
Olive Garden same-restaurant sales for the quarter declined 28.2%, 220 basis points below the industry benchmark. Overall, capacity restrictions continue to limit their top line sales, particularly in key high-volume markets like California and New Jersey, where dining rooms were closed for the majority of the quarter. In fact, restaurants that had some level of dine-in capacity for the entire quarter averaged more than $75,000 in weekly sales, retaining nearly 80% of their last year's sales. 
Given the limited capacity environment during the quarter, Olive Garden made the strategic decision to reduce their marketing spend as well as incentives and eliminate their promotional activity. They will continue to evaluate their level of marketing activity as capacity restrictions ease. 
Additionally, off-premise continued to see strong growth, with off-premise sales increasing 123% in the quarter, representing 45% of total sales. Thanks to technology investments we continue to make, online sales made up almost 60% of total off-premise sales, more than tripling last year's online sales. Finally, Olive Garden successfully opened 3 new restaurants in the quarter, which are exceeding expectations. 
LongHorn had a very strong quarter. Same-restaurant sales declined 18.1%, outperforming the industry benchmark by 790 basis points. This strong guest loyalty and operational execution helped drive their outperformance, while they also benefited from their geographic footprint. In fact, same-restaurant sales were positive for the quarter in Georgia and Mississippi. 
Additionally, the LongHorn team made significant investments in food quality and operational simplicity, which led to improved productivity and better execution. They also took a number of steps to improve the overall guest -- the overall digital guest experience. Off-premise sales grew by more than 240%, representing 28% of total sales. Finally, LongHorn successfully opened 2 restaurants during the quarter. 
The brands in our Fine Dining segment are performing better than anticipated. While weekday sales continue to be impacted by a reduction in business travel, conventions and sporting events, we saw strong guest traffic on the weekends, and believe there will be additional demand as capacity restrictions begin to ease. 
And lastly, our Other Business segment also delivered strong operational improvement with segment profit margin of 12.8%. This was only 130 basis points below last year despite a 39% decline in same-restaurant sales. Yard House's footprint in California is impacting same-restaurant sales in this segment. 
Finally, I continue to be impressed by how our team members are responding to take care of our guests and each other. We know our people are our greatest competitive advantage, and I want to thank every one of our team members. We are succeeding, thanks to your hard work and resilience. 
Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

I'll take the execution part, and I'll let Rick talk about the margin piece. I think a lot of our execution is coming from the streamlined menus. And our ability to put out product with increased frequency of that product is helping our execution, and our team members are becoming much better at doing that. 
When you limit your menu and you focus on key products, the quality of that product just continues to go up. And I also think it transcends itself into the dining room. And I think, today, we've gotten used to the complexity of operating with the COVID requirements. And every day, I think we're running better and better restaurants. Rick, do you want to talk about the margins?

No, we've seen no falloff with the stimulus. Actually, we're seeing average weekly sales across the system improve every single week. So we're feeling pretty good about that. 
So we're seeing some restrictions be eased throughout the country. So really nothing from a regionality standpoint. I think you just got to look at the mobility index. And you've got to follow what's happening with restrictions, and you can see guest traffic move along with that.

Let me work backwards to your question. Outdoor capacity is really de minimis for us overall as the system. The good news is that we haven't really been able to use it, a lot of our outdoor capacity in Florida. It's been raining every single day here for the last 6 weeks. So we're going to start getting that back. As we lose outdoor capacity up north, we'll pick up a lot more in Florida than we've been able to use. So for that, that -- when we think about outdoor capacity, it's really not that meaningful for us. 
As far as what's going to drive, in the short term, some more same-restaurant sales is additional capacity. We need to get California back. We need some other areas to increase the capacity from 25% to 50%. Once you get past 50%, as long as the 6-foot rule's in place, you're still not going to really be able to really max out your dining rooms. In some areas, we're getting our bar tops back, which are important to give us more capacity inside the restaurant. 
And so I think it really comes down to just the incremental improvements in the capacity levels. We're going to probably continue to roll out booth partitions. We'll probably close to double what we have right now. That gives us 6 to 7 extra tables for restaurant in the jurisdictions that allow us to do that. Not every jurisdiction allows us to do that. 
I think that our teams are being very respectful of the requirements in their operating environment. And we're trying to create, first and foremost, a safe environment for our team members and our guests. And we're not trying to push same-restaurant sales and risk that experience at all for our team members and guests. 
So I look at -- I would look at getting -- getting California back is big in Olive Garden. We've got 100 restaurants there.

Well, I think our engagement with our team members goes all the way back to the beginning of COVID. I mean, it actually goes beyond that but, I mean, I think how we've handled the situation with emergency pay and taking care and staying -- taking care of our people and stay engaged with them and paying their benefits, we invested over $100 million in that short period of time into our team members. 
So bringing them back to work has been fairly easy for us. And I think our team members are really engaged in what they're doing. And so we've had a strong culture for a long time. And our team member retention is better than ever, which is really exciting to see. 
I mean, I'm looking at retention numbers for our hourly team members that I never thought I would see in this industry. I've been working in the industry for over 30 years. I've never seen retention like this, which gives us the ability to execute at the highest level. 
And as we bring people back to work, we're bringing back our most productive and our most dedicated team members. So I think the spirit is high in our restaurants. I think people are excited to be out there. They are making money. I think they're bringing happiness to people that come into our restaurants. I think that energy is -- in this very difficult time is transferring between the guest and the team member. 
And I'm in our restaurants every day. And I'm in one of our restaurants most every day, sometimes twice a day, I would tell you that the attitude is just absolutely fantastic, and our team members are doing a great job.

Well, I think the majority of it is geographic. And I think the brand strength in Georgia's been incredibly impressive. And I think that it's just a market where there's a lot of loyalty to the brand. 
I think the market, Georgia -- State of Georgia trusts LongHorn, and I think people are going to where they're really comfortable. And so I do think that their consumer may be a little bit better off economically but, I mean, the performance is impressive, without a doubt, but it's being driven by Georgia. It's being driven a lot by their footprint.

Well, I think we continue to add temporary barriers. I think this team continues to look at, how do you -- can you move a few tables in the dining room to improve the overall capacity? So I think they continue to try to modify that. 
I think the thing -- when you think about Olive Garden, just focus on the absolute volumes at $75,000 a week. These are healthy, healthy businesses. And the off-premise business continues to thrive, which is a place that we're going to -- we start putting some marketing back into that business. It would be focused on trying to drive off-premise, not in-premise. 
We just -- we continue to evaluate, what's the best way to go with that investment spend? When is the right time to use it? 
And so the other thing I would tell you is that this can probably be hard for you to believe, but we have one restaurant that cost us 50 basis points in comps. That's the Times Square Olive Garden. And when we start every single week, $300,000 in the whole from a comp store basis. We are going to get 25% capacity back in Times Square on the 30th. 
But that -- to me, that's you wake up every day and you're $300,000 short just in that one restaurant. That's our best restaurant in the Olive Garden system. We do over $15 million there, and now we're doing $2,500 a day. 
And so you got some odd ball things. Getting California back is going to be huge. California is a big market for us with high volumes. We have a higher check average. And we can see because we're starting to get some counties back, and we can see the impact on that on a daily, weekly basis.

Andrew, on the labor line, remember, we've got 2 components of labor. One is the hourly labor, which is where we saw a lot of efficiencies; and the other one is the management labor, which is more fixed in nature. 
We would expect the hourly labor to not be as favorable going forward just because of training expenses. We didn't have as much training in the first quarter, and we'll continue to -- we're going to start having some training in Q2 and beyond. But as our sales pick up, our management labor should be leveraged a little bit more than it was before. 
So I think there was a question earlier on where we'd get to at 100%, and that 100, 150 basis point improvement will mostly come out of labor and some cost of sales.

Yes. I think on those high-volume, high-traffic promotions, we're going to have to feel comfortable that we've got pretty much 100% capacity unless the promotion -- unless we come up with promotions that drive the off-premise -- and drive off-premise experience. When I think about marketing and the team thinks about marketing, I think that we want to try to get far along as we possibly can through this crisis or cycle and then fully understand what the competitive set's going to be, what the economic backdrop is going to be. And then we'll figure out how to appropriately layer back in all our promotional -- marketing and promotional activity and our incentives. 
We think we can layer those back in smarter and more effective than we had them in the system before. And now we're -- this is a terrible thing that we're going through, but we're trying to find -- okay, we're trying to find positives in this to really rethink and how -- rethink we think how we go-to-market with our businesses. And this is a once in a -- unfortunately, a once-in-a-lifetime option to be able to do things that we probably couldn't do while we're -- where we were pre-COVID. 
So I think long term, we're going to look at the situation and we'll decide when we layer in our best promotional options. And we may have to reimagine and revisit some of those promotional options to our guests, so that we can maybe do it at a higher-margin rate. There's lot -- we have lots of questions and a lot of work to do around that.

Yes. There's nothing concrete there because each market is behaving differently. And so when you see restrictions change, and maybe your capacity goes from 25 to 50 in certain markets, those -- that volume just switches from off-premise to on-premise. In other markets, it doesn't. It depends what's happening. 
We believe there's a good percentage of our off-premise today is being generated by people coming to the restaurant that can't get in because the wait's too long, and there's no place to wait inside our restaurants. And so we think that those people have a tendency to just opt into the off-premise experience. So we really can't quantify that for you because every market is different.

We take -- I want both. I want a simple operating model, and I want higher sales. And I think that we are setting up for that because there's a few dynamics that are in our favor. 
Number one, there's definitely been a capacity. There'll be capacity coming out of the system, and we believe that we're well positioned to take share. And we think that the simplified operations will help us improve execution. We'll get better throughput. And so we think there's a pathway to both higher sales, better margins. 
I think our teams have done an incredible job of reimagining almost every aspect of their business through this, and I see a pathway to get there. We're -- I think Rick keeps bringing you back to the 90% only as a way to communicate where we think margins are going to be at a future sales level. We're not setting a target saying that we'd be happy with that. We see a pathway for our sales to get above that, and we see a pathway for our margins to be above pre-COVID levels at that time.

So, so far, Jeff, we've seen no change in demand based on COVID levels in a market, unless capacity restrictions change. So if you're -- your example, we're in South Florida, when we had the spike after the 4th of July, and the restaurant restrictions were very limited, we definitely saw -- we saw demand drop. But that was not because of the consumer, it was more because of the restrictions the local municipalities put on us. 
We see a pretty resilient consumer out there. I know that's hard for you guys in New York to imagine, but the rest of the country is not operating that way. And so I would tell you that what we're seeing is it's all being controlled by the local municipalities that they're managing demand more than the consumer.

Well, I think the independents have -- obviously have a tough time, right? And as we think about it, we think somewhere between 5% and 15% of capacity will come out of the system during this, maybe a little bit more, but a lot of people will get recapitalized quickly and get some of these boxes back open. 
Obviously, that's going to benefit us in the short term and the long term. As far as real estate so far has been one of the things that my hypothesis has been -- I've been a little bit off on. We've yet to see a meaningful change in what we can acquire real estate at. 
I thought that being one of the only bidders out there that we would see costs come down. I think we're still going through the price discovery process on that, and we'll see how that plays out long term. 
I've got to believe that we will benefit from availability and hopefully, price. Availability is already there. It's just trying to get to what we think the property is worth versus what the reader or the landlord thinks the property is worth. So that's going to -- that will have some impact and help us grow -- get to our 2% to 3% new unit growth over time.

That's a good question, John. I think that going into this that we did the majority of our pickup with someone coming into the restaurant and picking up the food. We set up our process because we believe and we have proved out that accuracy and on-time were the 2 most important things that the off-premise consumer wanted. 
Through this, we had to go to a different experience, which was we morphed very, very quickly to curbside. And we -- what we've learned through this is that curbside's a better option. And that the burden of on-time and accurate needs to get on us, and we need to have better systems to be able to deliver the same level of accuracy that we were delivering pre-COVID. 
And what that means is a lot of our restaurants were on a path to build better capabilities to handle the in-restaurant pickup. And now, as we pivoted to curbside, the capabilities that we need to build inside are different. The good news is that they're cheaper because they're really not consumer-facing. And so it will cost us a lot -- cost us a little bit less to be able to create those capabilities. 
But the technology and the expectation of the consumer is for our curbside experience, and we've taken a lot of friction out of that experience over the last 12 weeks. And we're in the middle of really rolling out some technology today to really make that experience a whole lot better as just that notification when you're in our parking lot versus we had a very manual procedure that we had to implement in the beginning of this. And eventually, we'll get the geofencing, and we'll catch up to what some of the bigger retailers are doing. 
So we actually think that there's a big benefit in this consumer shift because we're going to take all these people that were in our dining room in our front door picking up food. And they will never enter our building again, which makes it a better experience for our dining guests. So that's really the big change, John, that has to happen. 
And right now, we have the benefit of some of our -- having the extra space inside our restaurant that enables us to stage some of this off-premise work. But as we gain more capacity, we will need to modify some spaces and actually add some -- like in the long haul, we're going to have to bump out of the side of the building to be able to handle this extra demand. 
But I see it as all positive. We think we can do curbside much more cost effectively than we can do picking up the food inside the restaurant.

So there's 2 questions in there, John, and I'll get to the virtual brand in a second. The first question is, obviously, the data is richer when we're capturing the data from our digital guests, which feeds into our huge database and our ability to market to them. So we can figure out through that and through our tokens that these are our off-premise guests only, and we can tailor all our marketing towards that guest and towards that experience. 
We understand what they are buying and what they want to buy. And so we can get smarter with that. We were pretty smart prior to this. We just have more information today. And we'll be able -- our data scientists will be able to use that and market effectively. 
Let me just pivot to virtual brands. I'm shocked that it took this long to come up, but I'll be giving you my take on this. Everybody around the room's very nervous right now, but I think people are in different places, and they're trying to approach this and deal with this moment in time differently. 
For us, this is not the right approach. We want to focus on brands that we've got 20-plus years and hundreds of millions of dollars invested in trying to build. And we want to make sure that they're executing at a high level. I think brands are going to matter, and I don't think you can -- I think brands are developed over a long period of time around delivering a promise to -- a consistent promise to a consumer. I think you have to have a functional need and an emotional need. 
And I think that's what our brand builders have done for decades. And to get out on a digital platform and try to do that, I think people probably do what they want to do. I'm not saying it's a good idea or a bad idea. It's not for us. Brands are going to matter, and we think it's a distraction.

Well, I'll be very clear. Our guest satisfaction scores are improving dramatically. So I want to put some context around that, which is what we don't understand is, is it just the consumer expectations are maybe different through this experience? So we're happy directionally where they're going, and we're happy directionally where they're going compared to our competitors. But at the same time, we really -- we're not patting ourselves in the back too much because this is definitely a different environment, and the consumer feedback is different. 
So we don't know what the expectations are. But we are very pleased directionally where we're heading with our own internal and some of the industry stuff that we're seeing and how we're comparing to competitors.

Okay. You guys are getting really good at getting multiple questions in one question. Now let's talk about Cheddar's first, and I'll come back to thoughts on M&A. 
Cheddar's is -- from a business model standpoint, Cheddar's has had the biggest transformation. The work that John Wilkerson and his team have done has been transformative, and I couldn't be more excited about directionally where they're heading. 
Tactically, one of the biggest changes and one of the things that we had to really speed up was off-premise capabilities. We had very limited capabilities going into COVID. We only had 2 phone lines going into most of our restaurants. We couldn't even take the demand over the phone. We didn't have online ordering. 
So the team rallied. This was supposed to be an initiative that was going to go all the way through fiscal '21, really wasn't supposed to be fully operational to '22. They got together, and they've been able to real quickly upgraded their phone lines. They have 4 phone lines coming in. We now have online ordering. New packaging's being rolled out as we're speaking, and they've developed a native app that is actually getting some pretty good adoption. 
And so that piece of it has been really exciting that they've been able to move as quickly as they possibly can. Their in-restaurant dining has held strong. They still don't have a huge, robust, off-premise business, but we need to build that. It wasn't something that people thought of Cheddar's for, but we think there's a big opportunity there. So I'm thrilled directionally with what they're doing and the transformation they have made in their business model. 
Just briefly on M&A, there's nothing new to report here. We continue to evaluate opportunities and discuss with our Board. We are very happy with our current portfolio, and we believe that we can achieve our growth targets and our value creation metrics with the portfolio that we have. We believe there's great opportunity for all our brands.

Yes, David, my -- and I've got no empiric evidence to support this, but my theory is that once we open up the dining rooms and, say, we get back to a normal environment, where we have concerts and everybody's going to football games la-di-da, I actually think off-premise will dip down below where it was. I think there's going to be a huge surge for on-premise dining. 
I think people are tired of this experience. They'll utilize this experience right now. But when I talk to people and when we do some research, people want to get back out and socialize. I do think then it comes back. It comes back higher than where we were. I think our thought process is it's a little bit higher, but not terribly higher. And it will continue to grow over time, as it has been. 
But I don't think that this is some big change that we're going to wake up, and Olive Garden's going to be doing 35% off-premise if we're going to concerts and having football games.

I think that we have to go back to -- and go back to what I said earlier. We have to understand what the competitive set is. We have to understand what the economic backdrop is. We'll have to analyze how well we can get to our consumer through television. We still believe that we can do that. 
We participate -- still participating in the upfronts. We think it's a good mechanism for us. And that's part of our scale benefit with Olive Garden, right? We can advertise on a national platform, and we have some efficiencies. And I think that we will still use that in the near term, but it will all depend on what the competitive set is and the economic backdrop. If we pull enough restaurants out, we may not have to advertise for a while.

Well, the biggest driver of the cost savings is waste. And that's menu. That's lack of promotional activity. There's some other things that are influencing that. 
I think that the challenge for the teams is if they need to add menu items to fulfill a need, can they do that without adding complexity? I think they have -- I think in their calculus prior to this, there wasn't enough weight put on the complexity of adding new menu items. There wasn't enough -- no one thought about that. 
And I think, today, that's the part of the thought process as they think about adding something. How do we do this and make sure we maintain our productivity and don't increase our waste? So I think a better way to say that is as we do menu development, it's going through a better filter today that I think will have a long -- longer -- have a long-lasting impact on our ability to maintain these cost savings.

Well, it's a technology that's creating it. It's no one taking the answer on the phone. We're dropping -- the consumers letting us know when they're in the parking lot, and we're just dropping the bag in their car. So there's just a lot less interaction there. 
Just the cost is just purely productivity efficiency, thinking about a line of 5 or 6 people at a desk or at the bar top in a restaurant waiting to get To Go versus having someone just pull up through a car and put a bag in a trunk. That's where the efficiencies come, and technology's enabling all that.

Well, I think that obviously, we're missing the business travel and those types of dinners. So I mean, that was a big part of capital growth. And especially in the essential business districts, you're always soft in your suburbia restaurant during the week, and you made up for on the weekends. 
I think when you -- just another interesting tidbit is that when you look at capital growth comps, you're starting every week with over a $1 million shortfall just in the 3 restaurants in New York. We're doing $3,000 a day there with our 10 seats. Those restaurants do well over $1 million a week. 
And so you just -- there's just so much geographical differences in those businesses. We have some capital growth that are performing fairly well, especially in suburbia. But I'm confident, as I see the sales volume on the weekends, I know we're turning away a lot of people. And as soon as we can get a few more tables, we can continue to grow that business. And I'm confident that they're -- I'm confident those businesses are going to be cash flow positive going forward.

Okay. Well, Brett, you've got a lot in there. And that -- first, if you've got more, I can't wait. But let's talk about hiring. Hiring is very local. There are different pockets of the country that are more stressed than others. 
I will make a global comment. So I've been amazed at how well the hospitality workforce was absorbed in other areas during COVID. And so there hasn't been like this -- there's still stress in that environment. We're still seeing -- we still expect wages to rise somewhere between 3% and 5% for the year. 
As far as technology, technology goes, and the adaptation is easy today, right? And we're doing that. We haven't done -- we haven't focused a lot on improving technology in restaurant. All of our stuff's really been -- all of our effort has been focused on the consumer right now. 
We do have some -- we will get back to some projects that will or modernize some of our tools in restaurants that will hopefully help increase productivity. And as far as off-premise, I mean, we're using for -- off-premise for us are tipped employees. They've got a higher average weight, but they do collect some gratuities on their service.

Well, I think that the markets that have had the tightest restrictions are going to have the most closures because I think that's where -- I think in some of these urban environments, they just don't have the capital to hang on. I don't think it changes our development philosophy at all. I mean, I think good trade areas are good trade areas. 
I mean, we -- there's a lot of talk about migration out of some of the bigger cities. We'll see how that plays out. I think that -- I think, eventually, we're going to have some really good opportunities to do some work in Manhattan as an example. 
I think that it was very difficult from a cost standpoint pre-COVID to justify building more restaurants there. But I think post-COVID, we might have some opportunities. So I don't think from a development standpoint it has a tremendous amount of impact. 
We'll continue to look. We know where we have holes in each brand from trade areas, and we're going to try to fill them.

Absolutely. We've got a bunch of Yard Houses tied to baseball stadiums and football stadiums. And LA LIVE's our best Yard House in the system, and that's been decimated because of what's happening with sporting events. 
So yes, I mean, there's a few of our brands that -- a few of our restaurants that are tied to that. And they'll come back. I'm a big believer that we know we're going to get back to normal. These are going to be great restaurants. But for the time being, we just have to run them as efficiently as we possibly can and do the best we can with what we have.

No. I mean, I think that's something we face pre-COVID with, how do you increase your capacity at certain downtimes of the day? I think that's a high-activity exercise with very low payout. 
I think that one of the important things about our restaurant is that downtime to help you prepare for the break between lunch and dinner is important, so you can get ready for dinner. I mean, there's parts of us -- we have cycles in our business, and they're important. 
I think we would -- I think that we've been very disciplined in this process to make sure that we're not chasing what I would call this low-return activity. And so I don't think there's a whole lot there. 
I do think that what happens is as your business starts to improve, especially midweek or early week, is that your lunch lasts 15 minutes longer. Your dinner lasts 15, 20 minutes longer. That's important. Trying to drive people into your restaurant 2:00 in 30 years I found that to be a waste of time and money and effort.

Yes, John, I think for Olive Garden -- because we're not doing a lot of outdoor dining, we don't have the capability there. That business is a little bit easier to predict. We've been -- the leadership of all of our business is erring on the side of more labor than less. And we're tracking number of servers per restaurant per day, trying to understand as the business starts to grow, making sure that we have the appropriate staffing. 
Where it gets more difficult is in some of the Yard Houses, where we have some -- a lot of outside dining that didn't have any covers. And if it starts to rain, if it doesn't rain, I mean, that's where life gets a little bit more difficult for our operators. 
But I would say in the 2 big casual brands, they've gotten pretty good. And they need a -- what I would say, a change in what's happening in the environment. In other words, if we go from 25% to 50%, that's going to change the flow of mix. That's going to change what's on-premise, on-premise. And it takes them a few days to figure that out. 
But we're erring on the side. Believe it or not, I know our labor results are really strong. But we're erring on the side of more labor, not less.

Well, a couple of things. First of all, the majority of the restaurants that are positive in Georgia are LongHorn, not Olive Garden. Olive Garden's performing well in Georgia, but nowhere near what Olive Garden -- I mean what LongHorn is. 
And LongHorn has had a strong footprint. And we've got 45 restaurants in the City of Atlanta, where, every 3 miles, we've got a restaurant. And we've always done extremely well there. And the brand is beloved there. So the brand strength there is fantastic. That's one component. 
The other component is that, especially when you get 15 miles outside of the city, life is pretty -- is normal there. It's not pretty normal. It's normal there. And I went in an airport the other day and not one person had a mask on. 
I know -- I was in a hotel. I went up to a rooftop deck, and it was too deep at the bar. I mean -- so, I mean, it's just a different life in Georgia. I know it's hard for you guys in New York to even imagine that, but you still can't get around Georgia. There's so much traffic around the City of Atlanta. 
So I mean, in the city area, there's a little bit more. But I would tell you that -- and I think if you look at other parts of the country in different states, behavior is fairly normal.

Well, I think they haven't taken as much dip down. But I think LongHorn's significantly outperforming most people in that market. And they always have, John. I mean, they've always -- it's always been the core of that brand.

We're comfortable and believe in somewhere between 5% and 15%. I think there's some other industry folks saying more than that. But I think 5% to 15%, I think you remember, once it's a restaurant, it's a restaurant. A lot of these will get recapitalized in the next few years, but I definitely believe that we'll be competing against less competition on the other side of this crisis.

I think on -- the answer to the second one is that we'll continue to evaluate that. We don't -- but we don't see a big upside there. What was the first? Percent of menu simplification. 
Each brand is very, very different. We range somewhere between 20% reduction to 40% reduction in one brand. The easiest thing to do is to go find the menus.

Well, I think there is no cap. I mean, I think that if you reached your -- if you start to reach your capacity for guest count, you have pricing power, and you can move your AUVs that way. 
I think pre-COVID, we were getting close to over $5 million average unit volumes. So I think that we definitely -- hopefully, we can get back there and get past that. 
I don't ever think of a cap for a concept. Now we know that when you start adding new units, they're not going to come on at the average. Usually, we can create a strong IRR with restaurants that come in a little bit below the average. And -- but over time, we've been able to get that average to a pretty good level at $5 million.