Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone.
As you've seen from our press release this morning, we had a great quarter to begin our fiscal year. Total sales from continuing operations were $2.1 billion, an increase of 6.5%, significantly outpacing industry growth. Same-restaurant sales increased 3.3% and diluted net earnings per share were $1.34, an increase of 35.4% from last year's adjusted earnings. We remain focused on our "Back to Basics" operating philosophy to ensure we're delivering exceptional guest experiences while strengthening our 4 competitive advantages.
Olive Garden had a very strong quarter, which resulted in its 16th consecutive quarter same-restaurant sales growth. Total sales grew 6.3%, driven by same-restaurant sales growth of 5.3% and 1% growth from new restaurants. Same-restaurant guest counts grew 1.5%. Olive Garden significantly outperformed the industry benchmarks across these metrics.
This strong performance is a result of 4 years of consistently improving the value proposition at Olive Garden. We continue to strengthen value and convenience, which was reflected in our 2 promotional offers during the quarter, create-your-own-lasagna and buy one take one. Both of these promotions, which offered our guests the opportunity to upgrade to premium entrée selections, coupled with fewer incentives and an increase in preference in our Mediterranean dishes drove menu mix growth of 1.9%.
Additionally, the Olive Garden team continues to improve the off-premise experience. Off-premise sales grew 13% and represented 13% of total sales for the quarter.
Our strong guest count growth is a result of the team's focus on simplification and flawless execution inside our restaurants, culinary innovation that appeals to our loyal guests, creating relevant and integrated marketing and meeting our guests' desire for convenience. Our strategy is working and that is reinforced by the fact that our key satisfaction measures, including value, remain at all-time highs.
LongHorn Steakhouse had another strong quarter, outperforming the industry benchmark and leading to its 22nd consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth. Total sales grew 6.4%, driven by 3.3% growth from new restaurants and same-restaurant sales growth up 3.1%. Same-restaurant guest counts declined 0.3%, primarily driven by the fact that we ran a non-price-pointed promotion during the quarter compared to a price-pointed promotion last year. That, combined with increased add-ons and fewer incentives, led to menu mix growth of 1.8%.
LongHorn's focus on their long-term strategy continues to enable profitable sales growth while they further invest in the guest experience. During the quarter, we implemented several initiatives to improve the quality of the guest experience, simplify our operations and protect our unique culture.
One of the ways the LongHorn team continues to leverage its unique culture is through its annual Steak Master Series, an internal grilling competition and highly engaging training program. This year's program began with more than 6,000 culinary team members competing and ended with Grill Master Michelle Cerveny from our Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio restaurant being crowned the Steak Master Champion.
Finally, the LongHorn team continues to improve its off-premise experience as consumer demand grows. Overall, I am very pleased with the progress the team is making, executing their long-term strategy.
Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen had total sales growth of 6.5%, driven by organic new restaurant growth and franchised restaurant acquisition growth of 10.5% and offset by same-restaurant sales decline of 4%. The original company restaurants were down 2.3% and the formerly franchised restaurants were down 6.7%.
We remain focused on rebuilding the operations foundation at Cheddar's and improving execution. Having the right leaders in the right places is fundamental to bringing our "Back to Basics" operating philosophy to life at Cheddar's. We spent a significant amount of time during the quarter evaluating and evolving the leadership team. As a result, we named John Wilkerson President of Cheddar's 8 weeks ago. 
A 25-year Darden veteran, John is a proven leader and the right person to lead the Cheddar's team. Most recently, he served as President of Bahama Breeze. Additionally, Dave George, our Chief Operating Officer, will continue to dedicate a significant amount of his time working side-by-side with the Cheddar's team to improve the performance of the business.
It's important for me to reiterate that we are committed to improving the foundational elements of operations. Stabilizing our management teams, ensuring we are hiring and retaining great team members and developing and executing consistent standards are critical to Cheddar's success. 
We remain focused on long-term brand-building strategies rather than short-term tactics. We acquired Cheddar's because it was the value leader in casual dining with tremendous growth potential and that is as true today as it was 17 months ago. The power of this brand is reflected in its ability to maintain average weekly guest counts of approximately 6,000 per restaurant, even in the face of extraordinary change. 
There is significant amount of work ahead, but with the focus and strong leadership we have today, I'm confident Cheddar's is on the right track.
Each year, during the first quarter, we hold our annual leadership conference, which allows us to get in front of every General Manager and Managing Partner across all 1,753 restaurants to discuss our plans for the year and generate excitement. These restaurant leaders hold the most influential role in our company and I value the opportunity to engage with them and listen to those closest to the action. I was pleased to see the alignment and focus on simplification and flawless execution driven home as the central theme of each conference.
In closing, we had a great first quarter. Our strategy is working. We continue to grow our sales, increase market share and improve margins while making meaningful investments in our people and brands, all while being able to return capital to our shareholders. 
Our team members enable our success and our teams are the best in the business. So I want to say thank you to our 180,000 team members who continue to create memorable dining experiences for our guests.
And now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Yes, David. It's our intention to moderate this positive mix as we move forward. We'll continue to make investments into the menu. I really don't want to talk about what we're going to do there, but I would say contemplated in our guidance as we look forward is a moderation of that menu mix. I think this quarter was a confluence of a few different things as I said in my prepared remarks. I mean, we had a good promotion. We had some real high-value options that were a little bit more expensive that people could trade up to that we felt good about people trading up to inside those promotions. We changed some merchandising on our menus and we saw the increase in our Mediterranean platform that drove some mix and our ability to pull back some incentives. So it was a combination of a few things. And we'd like to see that moderate a little bit as we go forward. I think that's definitely contemplated in our outlook.

Yes. I think, Dave, that's a good question. And I think that we're starting to see progress on a daily basis. We measure the number of restaurants every day that are turning -- that are positive. That number is starting to increase. We are very pleased with the restaurants that have really strong leadership. We can see the retention numbers are stronger at the employee level. The execution numbers are higher. Those restaurants are growing. And so I really -- as we think about it, this is really about trying to improve the fundamentals. The framework that we're using to try to drive improvement in this business is based on the whole notion of strategy or process measurement. And I'd say that we're pretty aligned. We have the right strategy for this business. We spent the last 90 days really working on the organizational structure and to make sure we had leadership in the right place. I think the team now is going to focus on process and they're going to focus on trying to simplify the operation and standardize it. With the acquisitions of the 2 franchised groups, there's a lot of differential on processes and procedures and we need to standardize it and we think there's some opportunity inside the original Cheddar's to standardize. And then once we get that set, then we'll figure how we're going to measure it.
I think one of the big opportunities in this business is to increase accountability. I think it's important to note that there's a lot of great people working in this brand and once we get them aligned on what we want them to do and how to -- and give them the tools to do it well, I think we're going to see some improvement. I'm not going to tell you that's third quarter, fourth quarter or first quarter next year. What I'm looking for every single day, and I think with Dave every day on this and I get a report, are we getting better day-to-day, week-to-week? And I would tell you that we are seeing that happen right now.

Yes. We're not seeing anything that's conclusive that I can make that statement right now. When I think about what's going on with the consumer, obviously consumer confidence is at an all-time high. People are feeling good. However, I don't think this is a tide where all the boats are rising. I think well-positioned brands that are executing are performing really well. And I think you're continuing to see that as others announce their results. I do believe, moving forward, the biggest challenge in the industry is going to be the war for talent. Brands that can hire, train and retain frontline employees to bring their brands to life are going to win. And the dynamics inside the industry are changing dramatically. And I think that's where we're focused and that's I think -- it's where the winners will be focused is on how do they continue to invest in their team members and how to ensure you're properly staffed to execute against this increased demand. But back to your original question, I'm not in a position to make a conclusive statement on that at this time.

No. I mean, I don't think the 5% really is being driven by the investment. I think the 5% is being driven by just a situation where I guess as the employment environment gets better, historically, less employees come out of the restaurant space and into other opportunities. So there's just a shrinking of a work pool here. And that we're -- we're committed to staying -- hiring the best possible people that bring our brands to life. Our retention rates are actually improving. And I think part of that is because that we're willing to make the appropriate pay decisions to keep our people and that's what we've instructed our operations teams to do. I firmly believe that to win in this environment, you're going to have great team members. And we're going to do what we need to do to maintain and keep our team members, but I don't -- I think the wage pressure is going to be there for a while and we're going to continue to find ways to offset it. But first and foremost, we have to have the best team members on -- closest to the action to bring our brands to life.

Yes. I think it's -- overall, it's a healthy consumer. And I think the work that we've been doing for the last 4 years since Dave took over Olive Garden and our focus on the core consumer and continuing to put value back into the menu has just all kind of come together and we're able to put up a great quarter. And I think that what I'm most excited about is that we're continuing to find new ways to improve the value proposition for the Olive Garden consumer and do it in a way that is engaging and relevant. And the brand continues to really be well-received by many different cohorts -- consumer cohorts out there, especially millennials. This is a very -- a brand that's very social. It performs very well in social media. So I think this is just a culmination of a good -- a strong consumer and 4 years of really focused work on trying to improve our value proposition to our core guest. And staying -- I think staying true to who we are is probably the most important thing that we're doing.

I want to see the retention numbers of management at the hour level getting much closer to Darden norms. I've been doing this long enough to know that we can't grow rapidly without strong management retention and having an employee proposition that the employees stay with us. That's the key to driving sustainable growth.

I'm sorry. You were breaking up a little bit, Nicole. Could you just repeat your question?

Yes. Scale is one of our 4 competitive advantages. And I think that we continue to focus on becoming more efficient with everything that is nonconsumer-facing that allows us to make investments into the consumer-facing side of the business. I also think one of the big advantages of scale is the perspective we have on the industry and we can see how consumers behave all the way from Cheddar's to Capital Grille. And I think we can make investments that others can't make. And I think we have some better insight into where to make those investments. So scale is an important part of what we're doing. I think it's a very important part of the employment proposition. We talk a lot about scale and how it -- how we -- what it does for the consumer proposition, but scale provides our employees a lot of value. And we'll continue to find new and innovative ways with our scale to improve the employment proposition. We're making sure that we're spending as much time talking about the employment proposition as we are talking about the consumer proposition. And I think that that's different in maybe where we were 3 or 4 years ago in a different environment. And so I really want to go back to a statement I made earlier. The brands that can hire and attract and retain the best people are going to win it -- are going to accelerate their success in this environment.

Yes. Fine Dining continues to perform fairly well. You've got both a little bit of traffic growth and a little -- and some check growth in there. We always have trouble reading our upscale brands on check and traffic because the consumer -- our traffic numbers are generated from entrée counts and both businesses do a lot of our business -- generate a lot of traffic that's not always related back to an entrée count. But those businesses feel healthy. There's no geographical differences. We're excited about some opportunity in Capital Grille, increase in capacity and restaurants that are at full capacity right now. And so we're really excited about the performance of our upscale businesses and they continue to do really well. We think they're really well-positioned. And we're looking forward to being able to grow Eddie V's a little bit quicker into the future as that base gets bigger.

Yes, David. Again, I go back to buy one take one ran -- I don't know if we ran any more weeks during the quarter because I think it bridges first and second quarter. I think the big thing is that there may have been some pent-up demand because we didn't run it in the fourth quarter last year. So we had one extra week in the quarter for buy one take one. I think it was the excess demand. And I would caution anybody to point to one thing that drove the overall Olive Garden acceleration in comps and improved gap. I want to keep coming back to this is a confluence of a lot of hard work, a little bit of an extra increase in mix from strong promotions with good add-ons, but overall, I wouldn't want to promote it -- point to just a promotional impact.

Let's start with third party. We continue to test with the third party delivery services of scale. We're monitoring. We're learning as this business starts to mature. But for us, there's significant hurdles that we still have to work through. We're not sure that it enhances our brands. We're concerned about how it's executed. We're concerned if it can create incremental growth at scale. We're not happy with the economics. We still have the issue of the data. And lastly, we have to get our arms around how we protect the profitability of our large and growing current off-business premise, which would be difficult to deal with. So for right now, we don't anticipate entering into a third party delivery space in a meaningful way. We'll continue to analyze and look at our options going forward. But we have a very large off-premise business today that's growing double digits that the consumer rates us extremely high on and we're going to continue to make sure that experience is the best it can be. And we'll look at third-party. We don't -- we just don't see this as something that we want to get involved in today with the current way it's being executed. On OG Rewards, OG Rewards is a very small test in a multi-brand -- in a market with all of our brands. It's something that we're looking. At this point, it's a test and I don't really want to talk too much further about the test and its results. And if and when this becomes something that is worthy of further discussion and rollout, we'll talk about it at that time.

Yes. As I said in my prepared remarks, we -- the primary driver of the slight decrease in guest traffic was driven by not running a price-pointed promotion and we also have less incentives out there. So our overall profitability improved significantly throughout the quarter. So I think our strategy is working. We're -- we continue to remove or eliminate a discounted consumer that's taking up space on a busy night. And I'm thrilled with the components of the LongHorn business and to be able to get those incentives out and pull back on the price-pointed promotions. So I thought it was a great quarter for LongHorn.

Yes. I've seen no evidence that says independents or small chains are gaining share. I mean, our data on that is a little lagging, but I believe that when I look at the data and the industry, again, the well-positioned bigger players are continuing to really outperform and I think that's going to continue to be true as we move forward. And again, I haven't seen anything that says that we're -- the large players are losing share. I just think that -- when we think about employment, I think it's really hard for lower volume businesses to attract great team members because there's just not enough income to share at the service level and freedom in the business model to pay what you need to pay to attract really good talent in the back of the house. And so I think we -- our brands have a distinct advantage there where our business model enables us to create an employment proposition that works for our team members.

Yes. And as you know, we do delivery for catering for a $100 order, 24 hours in advance. It's a very, very good business for us with a great check average and incredible satisfaction scores. We'll continue to look at whether $100 is the right place to be on that. Right now, we have no interest in delivering a $10 meal to an individual meal to an individual household. That's just not a business that we think we want to be involved in right now. As far as where do we think to-go and off-premise can go to, I just want to do what the consumer -- or what the consumer demand is for it. We'll continue to come up with innovative product offerings. We'll make the process less -- have less friction in it through technology. We think we do an exceptional job in Olive Garden with packaging and process, our on time and correct orders continues to improve. So we're feeling really good about where we're at. And my goal, our goal and the team's goal is to create a compelling offer to that consumer so that they are still willing to come pick it up at our restaurant. And our growth in this business is reinforcing that we're doing a good job with it. And so that's where I want to be. And I've said publicly that if the consumer goes -- wants to continue to go there, we could see Olive Garden get to 20% off-premise sales over time.

Yes. As I said, John, I don't anticipate entering into a third party delivery agreement in a meaningful way. There are things that I really don't like about that business.

Yes. We're focused right now on stabilizing and really getting [ back ] the Cheddar's business. We're not interested in doing anything else at this point in time. I'm not sure -- I'm not going to comment on the M&A environment. I'm not really involved in it, so I don't really know -- I don't have an opinion of it. Our focus is we made an investment with -- and to get -- to bring Cheddar's into our portfolio, take advantage of our platform. I actually believe in my heart that the operational challenges we've had to face are making us really go back to the foundation of this business and get it right. And if we didn't have -- we didn't face these challenges and things may have been a little bit better, we may have gotten to the growth aspect a little quicker and not been able to sustain that into the future because there were real cracks in the foundation. And we've uncovered those cracks and now we will fix them to build a sustainable business. So that's what -- I'm really excited about that, but our focus right now is let's get Cheddar's moving in the right direction. When that's going in the right direction, we'll pull back, we'll look at our opportunities from an M&A standpoint and we'll decide what we want to do.