Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all on the call. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. Therefore, I will start, as always, with some of our clinical results. 
CMS recently released the latest 5-star results for the kidney care community in April, in fact, and the industry mix of 4- and 5-star centers increased from 41% in '15 to 53% in '16. It says wonderful things about our community overall in terms of improving care year after year after year. In addition, DaVita's mix increased in the same period from 42% to 56%. We still long for the days of yore when there was a [ forced ] curve for these rankings but very happy with our leadership position with respect to the current system as well. And we hasten to add and remind people that these improvements in quality of care are not only good for our patients and their families, but they're also great for the taxpayer in that they lead to improved health and reduce hospitalization.
Now on to the 3 summary points on this call from a pure business point of view. JR will talk about it in more detail, but the quarter, as many of you no doubt already observed, is a strong one for U.S. Kidney Care. Second, the DMG sale process continues to progress on track. And third and finally and equally significantly, we deployed significant amounts of your cash towards share repurchases. 
I'll come back a little later with another thought or 2 but now over to Javier for U.S. Kidney Care.

Thank you, Joel. Before we transition to Q&A, please allow me 6 quick restatements: Number one, perhaps most important, U.S. dialysis operations are once again strong in every regard. Number two, the DMG sale continues to be on track. Number three, we do have some active swing factors on both sides of the fence, negative things like the union corporate campaign and positive things like the good shot at the PATIENTS Act and integrated care. Number four, we continue to be very well positioned, long term, to provide integrated care to the large American kidney disease population. Number five, we're seeing some nice improvement in our international results. And finally, number six, we continue to generate strong cash flows, which we continue to deploy with discretion towards growing our business and towards significant share repurchases.
And with that, operator, can we please move to Q&A?

I don't know -- Kevin, this is KT. We have been a leader in growing PD and HHD for the last decade relative to most of the community, big or small, for-profit or not-for-profit. And so it's been a significant part of our last decade. It's had impact on de novo decisions and CapEx decisions, et cetera. And so we are continuing to consider it as one of the very important variables in making regional strategic decisions. And so maybe it's a slight change, but it's actually just pretty darn consistent with what we've been doing for a decade. And we're going to maintain the same intensity level going forward as far as to where we are today compared to 10 years ago.

I'm going to give you a stab at it, Justin. There's always a lot of puts and takes, of course, and I think the primary point that we made last quarter -- or last quarter and the prior quarter was that we had an unusual and positive level of long-term stability baked into 5 out of the 6 largest contracts we have. And so it was more about the stability at what we think are reasonable rates. That was a distinction from much of the prior year's history.

I don't think we want to start giving answers on specific percentage changes given we're always involved with all sorts of negotiations and all sorts of payers. And again, the point we made, which was a positive one for shareholders, was about the longer-term nature of a lot of the contracts, especially the big contracts, and at rates that we think are reasonable and fair. So those were words we haven't been able to say for the prior year or 2 or maybe even 3. And so it was good for you all to know that, but we really have never gone quarter by quarter or year by year talking about weighted average commercial increases because that then can get in the way of our negotiations.

I'm sorry. Gary, could you repeat?

Yes. Those were nonrecurring settlements with one of our clients. And so they don't reflect any sort of ongoing profit flow, and that's why we used the phrase nonrecurring. So that reflects some good business success, but it's not a regular operating result. It was more a negotiated result after the first phase of a big project.

And on the PATIENTS Act, it's just really hard, for all the reasons you know, to guess what might be available as a vehicle. There's certainly going to be some legislation that passes before January 1, 2019, because they have to do certain things. Although sometimes, they seem to be able to avoid doing even what they have to do. So I say that without total certainty, but certainly, very high probability and we'll be competing with other people for whenever vehicles exist. And whether that's in the second half of '18 or the first half of '19 is just pretty difficult to handicap.

It's a very small start-up operation, Justin, with disproportionate expenses relative to its business space. And so there's going to be ups and downs and puts and takes. In the context of the broader enterprise, they are going to be really tiny, and so it just I think makes sense to call it a neutral and then we'll wait and see if, at some point, it starts to generate numbers that are worthy of your attention.

Okay. Thank you all very much for your time, attention and questions, and we'll work hard for you between now and our next quarter. Thank you.