Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your interest in DaVita and look forward to your questions and comments.
I'll start with clinical highlights as a reminder of life sustaining care that we provide to more than 235,000 people. While we discuss clinical outcomes and lowering the total cost of care, our goal is to improve our patients' quality of life. One specific example has been to focus on reducing infections in our patients. Dialysis patients are prone to infection, which can often lead to lengthy hospitalization stays and increase in mortality.
I'm excited to report that our efforts have paid off. In 2019, we reduced the rate of bloodstream infection by 13% and improved the rate of peritonitis by 20% versus the prior year. This is a meaningful improvement that kept many of our patients out of the hospital.
Now let me transition to our results and outlook for 2020. We had a strong performance in 2019 and met the earnings per share and free cash flow growth targets we set for the year. We're committed to achieving our 2020 financial guidance. In fact, we're raising our earnings per share target range by $0.50. Joel will provide the financial details on both the quarter and our 2020 guidance.
Now let me pull up for a few minutes to share our high-level view on clinical and on policy. We are in an exciting time for kidney care. We're bridging the transition of care from the nephrologist's office to different types of care. We're working with our payers to use predictive analytics to identify CKD patients with the highest risk of transition to ESRD. Once we support these patients, we will work on avoiding or delaying the onset of kidney failure.
We remain excited about nephrology care lines, the new physician-led entity with nearly 1,100 nephrologists that will be the vehicle to connect DaVita to the nephrologist practice. The goal is simple: provide world-class analytics and education to help physicians best deploy their time to care for the right person at the right time.
For those patients who do transition to ESRD, we built a leading education platform to empower patients to choose to start on the right treatment modality for them. For patients who choose home modality, we continue to invest in our leading home platform, where we serve the most home patients of any provider. In 2019, we saw our highest growth ever in PD modality. We're working to maintain our leadership in the home dialysis with a 2020 goal of achieving double-digit growth in the PD modality.
Moving on to policy. We continue our multiyear journey towards integrated care. We're encouraged by the quality improvements that are evident in our demonstration such as the ESCO. We're hopeful that there will be additional models and opportunities to scale integrated care for ESRD patients at national levels.
We remain optimistic about the administration's view for value-based care model. We believe that the capabilities that we've built will support our collective goal to improve clinical outcomes while managing total cost.
There's been a lot of recent conversation about Medicare Advantage and the 21st Century Cures Act. We would remind everyone that Congress passed this legislation with the intent of making additional insurance options available to Medicare-eligible patient -- ESRD patients.
With respect to expectations of adoption, no one really knows what choices will be made by the patient. We continue to believe that the selection into MA will be more gradual. We look forward to working with plan partners to manage the care and the cost of these patients.
In parallel, our advocacy efforts are focused on ensuring adequate funding in both Medicare fee-for-service and MA. And as we've said before, we remain ready and eager to advance integrated care for Medicare fee-for-service population.
Shifting to state policy. We will keep advocating for our patients in California and other states where some labor unions are pursuing policies that are not good for patients, cost or the care delivery system.
Now let me transfer it on to Joel, so he will provide additional details on the quarter and specifics on 2020 guidance.

Thanks, Kevin. This is Javier. We've gotten a fair amount of questions on MA. And so I think it's useful to just pull up a little and revisit the origin of it. Number one, this is the only patient population, the ESRD population that was excluded from having the right to pick MA. And so it was fixing a deficiency in the system.
Number two, what is our role going forward? And our role is to just make sure that our patients are well informed so they can make the best decision individually.
Point number three is everybody is trying to size it. And when you try to size something like this, there's 2 variables. Of course, one is rate and the other one is volume. And so what we said is that our rate is above Medicare but substantially below commercial. We're not going to give any more on that variable. The one that's most sort of undecided at this juncture is the pickup of the volume. And all of you know the same as we do, which is there's a lot of variables at play. When an individual has a primary insurance, a secondary insurance, do they have Medigap coverage, et cetera. So we continue to think that it's reasonable to think that penetration will reflect the overall market.
In addition, many people believe that our patients will have sort of a quick trigger to pick an insurance when there are so many complicated variables. And they have -- many of them been in Medicare for quite some time, status quo might just keep going. So we're literally asking how will our patients interpret their benefit and so we don't know. And so many people are continuing to size that it's going to be some kind of an aggressive movement, and we continue to think that it will be more gradual.

Yes. I would think it as an opportunity for us to expand the way we talk to our contracts and to our payer providers. It's an exciting time where we're all aligned in trying to make sure that we have integrated care for our patients, and so we're leaning in and trying to see how we can best serve them and be a partner. And if they think that the MA volume is going to be higher than us, that might also be an opportunity to contract in that way.
So we're excited. Obviously, they want lower rates. We would like higher rates. And that dance is never going to change. And then the question is can we all get creative on coming up on a win-win situation.

Yes. The first premise that you discussed, which is access to the patient, is worth exploring because you might be more talented than us, but when you talk to people about their insurance, it's not usually like Netflix or anything. They don't want to keep watching the next episode. People usually start to glaze over a bit, and say, when you talk about deductibles, when you talk about coinsurance, when you talk about those kind of things, it is not normal vernacular for most of these folks.
And they've been on Medicare for some time, and it works for them. And so then you got to start to explain that maybe it's more restrictive, maybe they can't see their doctor, but it's got other benefits. And you get into it. And then you can see that some people just tune out. And so the question is, is it our obligation to go back at them? And the answer, I think, is no. If you're satisfied with your insurance, we just have to make sure that you know that you have a new option.
And so on all these, on the duals, sometimes that could actually have very little out of pocket. And so you might not want to switch that situation. So it is very specific to each individual. But again, the net of it is that we think we're not going to look very different than the overall population, but there is the range that we're all playing with.

Well, I think we're going to have to wait until January. We will have some preliminary stuff, but unlikely that we're going to want to predict how that will play out until we see it since it's the first time we're experiencing it.

No. In general, I think the executive order had a lot in it. And they asked for comments, and the community was very united on its views. And so we are glad that the administration has taken its time because we want a good outcome rather than meeting a deadline.
And no to the other question, which is while policy, of course, impacts at the end of the day, the patient and the physician pick the modality. And that's what's driving the movement to home, people picking it or not picking it as opposed to any policy changes at this juncture.

Yes. Steve, I think that all of the opinions are quite reasonable, and we don't proclaim to be right. We are all staring at the same data as to economics deductibles, out-of-pocket max, sort of coordination of care networks, narrow networks or broader network. And so when we put all the variables in place, we just think that in general, we think that it will take a little bit longer for people to settle in to the choice than others that think that it will be, what I'd call, a very efficient and effective market. And we, of course, could be wrong.
And so there is that range that is, let's call it, the low -- the base case and the high case. And we don't have any additional insights that you or CMS doesn't. There's no detailed information that we're relying on.

I appreciate it, Steve. Obviously, network adequacy is critical in any disease state. When you are signing up for a product, you want to make sure that it's got coverage so that if you end up signing up and then you have ESRD, that you don't end up having some kind of restricted network. And of course, it matters whether it's in there or not. The plans have been quite vocal. And from our perspective, we want to do is, going back to our conversation earlier, is we want to change the dynamics with our payer partners so that they see what we're doing and how we're adding value so that they do want to contract with us in a way that it's a win-win.

Well, I appreciate the question, Steve. But I think you probably know, it had low odds of being answered. Every plan is steering right now as to how they want to contract with us. And actually, even if I try to answer it and be helpful, the contract is very specific to each plan and their ability to take risk and our ability to take risk. And so it's very specific. So unfortunately, I can't give you more detail on that.

Let me grab that. This is Javier. We continue to look at the macro ranges, and we just think that, that is the right place to land. We are continuing to invest in our admissions and our IT and all our operations to simplify patient placement. But at the end of the day, what we're focusing is ensuring that we have the discipline in capital so that we have profitable growth. And so we're not going to chase volume. It's just not the right thing for us. And so we're comfortable with that range of 1.5 to 2.5.
And just as an FYI, if my memory has me right, that is not a change from Capital Markets. We had it at 1.5 to 2.5. But I could be wrong, so let's check that.

The short answer is we do not have any more information than any of you. We were given an opportunity, just like all providers, to give our opinions and insights, and we did. And they're processing that, and we have not heard back. We are not incurring any costs right now associated with it, and it was not embedded in our guidance. So right now, you're even-steven, if you will. There's no change.

One dynamic, Justin, that is rarely talked about publicly also is that we have big blackout periods. And then you have plans and you have restrictions and whatnot. And so what you want to do is not look at 1 quarter or 2 quarters but overall, what is our track record. And I think you see our track record, over time, is quite fluid, consistent with what Joel said.

Yes. I would say that what Joel started off with an early question still holds, which is there's no new dynamic and sort of the ecosystem/negotiation is relatively stable. There was no big decision one way or another, and the world played out the way it did.

No, you have it right. And I think the right way to think about it, Justin, is very early on, you have to explore all your options. And so there's some filing restrictions, et cetera. So we were exploring our option, making sure that we had everything at our disposal. After evaluating it, we did not think that, that was something that we should pursue, that it's not in the best interest of our strategy and that it's cleaner to go right after it literally straight at it as opposed to doing a countermeasure.

Sure. So our priorities for international are similar to our priorities in the U.S., which is capital-efficient growth. We continue to see it as a growth business. We've continued to deploy capital there in the markets that we see as having the best opportunities. And those are opportunities where we can either acquire things at attractive rates or build de novos at attractive rates and where we have an opportunity to add value. So growth in '19 was relatively in line with our expectations. We see 2020 continuing along that path.

I think that will vary very much country by country. As you noted, some countries have better reimbursement, others less so. So I think it will be a bit of a mix. And where it winds up relative to the U.S. will depend a lot on the different mix in the different countries and where we choose to prioritize our investments. So it's hard to predict now what the ultimate margin will be relative to the U.S. margin.

So yes, I do think we're going to continue to invest in international. Whether it grows faster than the U.S., we're not giving specific guidance on that, although I think looking at the past is a reasonable guide to the future there. So yes.

So we generally don't get into too much detail on any individual countries, so I'm going to pass on that one.

Well, I want to thank you all for investing the time. We look forward to talking to you again, and we're going to do our hardest to deliver on all that we committed. Thank you and talk again soon.