Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope that you and your families are healthy. Let me begin by expressing my sincere appreciation for the 65,000 nurses, patient care technicians, social workers, dietitians and other caregivers worldwide, including many nonclinical workers, who are on the front lines of care with our physician partners. These people are living up to the meaning of DaVita, which is to give life during this global crisis. Their courage and dedication to helping others is a source of energy and inspiration. 
I want to extend that gratitude to all health care organizations and caregivers around the world. 
For today's call, I'll discuss 3 topics: our response to the crisis; the impact of COVID on our business; and our decisions relating to the Cares Act. At Capital Markets, I talked about the strength of our platform and our ability to provide continuity of care to dialysis patients across all sites of care from the hospitals, the patients' home and in our clinic. Our response to COVID highlights the resilience and the strength of our teammates and demonstrates the power of connecting to multisite platform. 
Let me give you a few examples to bring it to light. First, we're leveraging our national scale with the resources, teams and our geographic footprint to open and operate dedicated clinics and shift to dialysis patients, who are or suspected to be COVID positive, which has helped to free up precious hospital resources. The dialysis industry, in partnership with the government, has joined together to help maintain continuity of care for dialysis patients by creating isolated cohort capacity that can be accessed by other providers. 
Next, our position as a national leader in home dialysis who serve our patients well by supporting continued growth of home dialysis during this crisis is helping to provide continuity of care for all of our patients as they may have moved between dialyze in home, in hospitals or in center due to the virus. In addition, we've been able to utilize our leading telehealth capabilities to allow us to expand the treatment of our patients in the safety of their home, while maintaining access to their care provider team. With the support of the government, we're now using that telehealth platform to provide further support for in-center patient care. Finally, in our over 900 hospitals where we deliver key services, we've been able to allocate resources and shift caregivers to areas that most need to help support patients and our hospital partners. 
Next, let me address some of the trends we're seeing, while covering the expectations for the short and long-term business impacts of COVID. On the thread of the virus, we're experiencing similar geographic waves of COVID impact as you've read about in the news. Initially, the CDC wanted all COVID positive patients treated in the hospital. As the pandemic spread, however, the CDC quickly recognized this was not possible and turned to providers like DaVita, who've been able to focus on infection control well before COVID to alleviate the burden from the hospitals and to treat stable patients in an outpatient setting. Today, nearly 70% of DaVita patients who are either COVID positive or suspected to be COVID positive, are treated in one of our outpatient settings. 
The operational task of maintaining treatment 3x a week of these COVID positive or suspected to be patients on cohort [ state ] and clinics has been nothing short of extraordinary, all while maintaining continuity of care to over 230,000 patients who show no symptoms of the virus but are at risk with multiple other comorbidities. 
The near-term impact on our business is still dynamic and somewhat uncertain. However, we're able to affirm our guidance for 2020 at this time. This may be in contrast to what you've heard from other providers, who may be facing volume or liquidity issues due to the significant drop-off on elective procedures. As you know, dialysis is not optional, it is life sustaining treatment that our patients need multiple times each week. The long-term is where we have less visibility. We believe the economic impact of COVID on our business will lag the impact of the broader economy. The scope of the impact of COVID on our business will be based primarily on the duration of this devastating virus and its impact on unemployment generally. We expect that these factors would have the greatest impact on volume and mix. Volume, as the growth of dialysis population is more uncertain due to the potential impact from the virus on the late-stage CKD population and on the health status of our existing ESRD patients. And on commercial mix, because the insurance mix of our patients could be negatively impacted by a weakening of the broader economy. 
Next, I want to nod the administration's quick response in this time of crisis. The administration collaborated with the dialysis industry by modifying certain policies and regulations to facilitate our ability to treat COVID-positive patients in cohort [ state ] or clinics were necessary. The administration also acted swiftly by distributing funds to health care providers in an effort to ensure that patients, uninsured and insured, have access to the care they need during this time of crisis. We believe that the spirit and the intent of the government's action with the relief fund was to prevent health care providers from closing their doors, not to help a company make their earnings target. DaVita has been and will be able to continue to provide care for our patients, including the uninsured, without the need for this federal funding. As a result, although we have incurred costs that fall within the parameters of the release fund under the Cares Act, DaVita has decided not to accept this government financial support at this time. We believe that it's in the best interest of our company, shareholders and our countries to allow these dollars to be redistributed to other individuals, organizations or health care providers that truly need it. 
ESG has been an increased focus over the last year, and doing the right thing matters. In our opinion, the current health care crisis is an opportunity for companies to lead and contribute for the greater good of society, and we are happy to do our part. 
Let me conclude with a comment on DaVita's culture. In this crisis, the fact that our frontline caregivers know that they're part of something bigger, [ to feel it ], has been a key part of our resilience. They are true heroes, and they know that our entire company, or as we say, our village, is doing what we can to support them. We know we still have an unpredictable future with this virus but we're thankful that we're village strong. 
Now on to Joel to provide an update on our Q1 results and to discuss our financial outlook.

Let me grab that one, Andrew. I think it's difficult to compare. At the end of the last recession, of course, we had a different dynamic going on. This one is very, very unique. And so we have, number one, as Joel said, we now have the exchanges. And so we don't know what's going to happen there and how many people will pick the exchanges. We still have COBRA and then we still have all of these people that have been furloughed. And so when you look at this as opposed to the last recession, where we didn't have a whole bunch of people on what appears to be pause or furloughed for a bit, we don't know how that dynamic will play out. 
Last time, there was not a lot of change in the rate dynamic, meaning the rate dynamics stayed similar to what it had been in the past. And I have no information to inform that, that would change.

Does that answer your question?

Yes. It's an interesting dynamic. Many people are asking that same question. For now, and again, it is so early in this that we don't know what the long-term implications are, but for now, we saw a slight downtick, so a little weakness. But then when you look at it, it's the placement of catheters that really impacted it. And then once the administration deem it essential, that started to pick up. In addition, as we talked about it, our platform really matters, meaning that there's a lot of patients that start in center and then through education, go home. Well, we saw that, that number went down a bit because we didn't have a lot of educators and nonessential personnel in the centers so we would not spread the virus. So therefore, we had less of our patients in-center move home. And so when you add it all together, there's still a lot of energy. We reached our 25,000-patient mark at home. And we think that over time, we will go back to the patterns that we saw pre-COVID, which is roughly 10% or so growth.

Yes. Thanks, Kevin. I think when you think of hiring people, you got to put it into 2 categories. One is the G&A that gets spread out through all the clinics and then you have the frontline caregivers. And so what we announced, which was a big hiring, was for frontline caregivers. And so what you're seeing is that sometimes in times like this, where you've had a nursing shortage and you've had a robust economy that it's a great opportunity to have a stable workforce. And so that's what you really saw. We had openings across the country. And so we want to fill them now while there's a lot of people looking for jobs.

Correct.

In general, the short answer is that it is lumpy from geography to geography. And so in some geographies where the hospitals, because of all the elective procedures, have seen a big decrease in census. Our acute have seen that as well if COVID hasn't hit that area. Of course, there are other areas where COVID is quite active, where we have seen an increase. But when you net it all out, it is nothing that you would notice in the economic model, if that's what you're asking?

Yes. Joel, you want to grab it?

Sure. I'll try to give you a little color and see. In general, that business is a very tough business because of the cyclicality, meaning up and down in the demand of the hospitals, 24/7. So it is a very hard business to enter. And so this is a place where our platform really shines, and the hospitals see the value of having the network and having the float pools where you can actually have the team to take care of the patient. So what we've seen is that a lot of hospitals value our value proposition. And of course, that would be included in the price and the service. And so we've seen that platform grow in a significant way.

Joel, can you break down the revenue and the price? Or is that not something we want to disclose?

And a quick reminder on that, Whit, that the physicians pick whether it is IV or oral, and so at the end of the day, they might have a preference. Right now, there isn't much data, and we know that the IV is a lot more expensive. So the physicians are feeling their fiduciary responsibility to do what's clinically equivalent or appears to be equivalent -- clinical equivalent at a much cheaper price.

Sure. And I'll try to be as helpful as I can Whit, but as you can imagine, there's just a lot of dynamics, and it's pretty early in the game. So the first and probably the biggest disclosure is, it all depends on the duration and the severity of the virus. And of course, if we have another wave and all those sort of things. But if you assume that there isn't going to be another wave just for the argument and to be an optimist here, you have to start to look at, okay, did the virus actually impact CKD patients that would have been on dialysis? And if so, how much and what magnitude? 
Two is, if you were going to look at something that could increase volumes is did the virus actually do damage to people that wouldn't have had some kidney damage. And so that is too early to tell. On the other side, of course, the preferred kidney replacement therapy would be a transplant. And if you're going to put a transplant into categories, there was the living donors and the deceased donors. And what we're seeing right now, while the virus is active, is that the living donors are coming down because of the risk of infection. And so there would be some potential changes in those numbers that would increase volume of dialysis patients. So those are some of the gives and takes that are going on. We don't know how it will all net out. And so we're keeping a close eye on it.

Yes. Nothing specific I would highlight, other than it's obviously, labor is our largest cost item. It's something we spend a lot of time focusing on. And it's just something we need to manage well over the long-term in order to deal with the fact that our RPT increases are below inflation. So it's just blocking and tackling that we just continue to excel at.

My understanding is that, I don't know of any COBRA expansion, but our patient population can add 11 months because of disability. So there's a disability extension. And so in essence, our patient population could have coverage for 29 months. I do not know if there's a COVID exception.

Well, there's a lot of different views on your question. And at the end of the day, it is just speculation because we don't know. It is a very individual and personal decision. But in general, the reason why people would pick MA is because it has a max out of pocket, and it has some additional benefits. And the reason why people would stay in Medicare is because they're used to it. It has basically almost an unlimited network, if you will, it doesn't have the restrictions. If you have secondary coverage, it really helps you in your out-of-pocket expenses. And so what we've said in the past, and we continue to say, is that we don't have any information that would lead us to conclude anything other than our population will likely mirror that of the general population. The only reason why we are so different is because this is the only population that wasn't allowed to enroll in Medicare Advantage. So the only people that are there are the ones that enrolled pre their kidneys failing. And so there's going to be open enrollment. And now the question is, what will be the environment in the fall? Will patients be able to sit with someone? Will they have a website? Will they be more nervous, more fatigued? Is the virus still with us? Or are we in a more normal situation? And the short answer is we don't know any of that. So I'm just giving you the data of how someone would pick one versus another.

I might be getting lost in the details, so correct me if I'm wrong here, Joel, because I might be aggregating pools and I'm not, but the Cares Act relief fund is how I have it in my head. And those are the funds that we decided were the intention of the government, which everybody can interpret in different ways. But from our perspective, they were a safety net, and they were to be used for people that needed that money because the economic damage was so severe that they couldn't keep their doors open. And so while it's -- you can tell from the numbers that Joel gave you, we have big expense increases. And by the way, the numbers that you cited there, the $30 million to $40 million, is monthly. So we have had big expenses. We don't think that, that was the intention of the money, so we're going to give that back.

Yes. On the equity income, the biggest component of that is the $10 million of FX on the Asia joint venture that I called out. There is another component to this that relates to the deconsolidation of a few of our clinics starting 1/1/2020. The details of this will be in the 10-Q. It's got no impact on EPS, but it does take what was OI and turns it into a -- it turns -- it moves it into equity income. It used to flow through revenue and cost, and it moves it into equity income, and then there's an offset down at the NCI level. So those are the big things I'd call out there. 
On the other income, there was a different FX loss associated with the international business, and that was about $9 million. So those are the big things I'd call out.

Yes. It was the latter, which is a proactive decision by the Board and management. And again, you could make a very good case to say, the spirit of that was to reimburse high expenses related to COVID, which we have many, including PPE, additional labor, overtime, and all the things that we've described on the call. We came on the other side, which is the government, which needs to be totally commended, just said, we've never had anything like this. And so we're going to distribute money to make sure that the well-being of Americans is taken care of. And then we'll reconcile. Well, we don't need time to reconcile. We know that we are not in that spot where we're the safety net. And so we want to be proactive so that the government gets visibility of those people that can give the money back and that money can be redeployed as soon as possible to the people that really need it. So it's really about the spirit that we made the decision.

Yes. Thank you, Matt. We're really excited about DaVita Ventures [ DaVita Venture ]. And basically, we have a lot of entrepreneurs that are coming out with all kinds of great things, and they're saying, can we partner with you? And so this venture group is out there and now really generating demand. And so we want to be the partner of choice. And as we talked about capital markets, we're expanding from being a dialysis company to being a full kidney care company. And that means that we're going to need certain technologies and partners from diagnostic to pharmaceuticals, to other areas in transplant, and so we want to be out there, and we're really excited about it.

Let me grab the -- Lisa, first of all, you've exceeded my knowledge of COBRA. And so Joel, I don't know if you know that technical piece. In the...

Yes. I do not. And so -- but we could get back to you, but I do not have any more insights on that, sorry. 
But you had a second part of your question, Lisa?

Well, I'll just say, in general, I have not had the courage to ask anything because obviously, all hands have been on deck for this COVID crisis. I'm hopeful that policymakers will see the value of integrated care and that they will see the power of connecting the sites of care and having this organized fashion really help. Because if you look at DaVita as an example in how we were organized with PPE and how we were able to stand up cohorting centers, how we were able to take care of our teammates with child care and other things, we obviously saw that in other areas, but we did not see that in a lot of the smaller players. And so we're hopeful that the government sees that resource organization and capabilities around the country is also quite useful and if you connect the sites of care and the technology, that could benefit the system and the patients. So we will see post COVID.

No. What I would add is, of course, we take them very, very seriously, and we have just been through our corporate integrity agreement. We've been at it for 5 years, and we continue to want to lead and show the spirit of compliance and the law of compliance. And so we're disappointed every time we get them. And of course, they can come through many different ways, including investigations, inquiries. And you hope that once they see what we're doing that they're satisfied with that. But every time we get them, I can tell you personally, I am very, very frustrated because we talk and live compliance on a daily basis. So nothing else to add to that, Justin.

As opposed to give you a number, I think what I can tell you is that due to COVID, the injunction stayed. And so basically, what that means in layman's terms is that there's an extension of the case and so unlikely to have much of an impact unless -- because of the timing until the fourth quarter depending how the case goes, and then it might go into Q1 of 2021. So the number is still the same, the timing has shifted. And of course, the outcome is unknown.

I believe we published it, so I can say it, right, Joel?

Do you want to grab it, Joel?

Justin, while, let me finish up by saying the impact of 1 day is somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range.

Okay. Well, let me wrap up with a couple of closing remarks. Number one, thank you for all the support. Number two, I don't know if I can convey in words how proud I am of our team. The beauty and the dedication that I've seen over the last 60 days is just literally hard to put in to words. The fact that our government and our competitors and us put everything aside and cohorted, and worked together to take care of our patients is just beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. The clinical focus and the infection control expertise that we have has been critical in helping us through this virus. Point three, our platform, the importance of the platform in connecting the sites of care has been highlighted through this crisis. The resilience of our team and our business model has been beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Financially, strong balance sheet and a proven track record of cost management. And lastly, I do think that philosophically, it is time to come together as a country, and we are happy to do our part. So thank you for your interest in our company, and we'll talk again next quarter.