Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining today's call to discuss our fourth quarter performance and our thoughts on 2022. Each quarter, for the last 2 years, I hope it's the last time that the pandemic is the start of my discussions with you, yet COVID continues to evolve and have a direct impact on our world, especially on our health care system. Similar to what's been seen in the general population, COVID infections within our patient population spiked significantly in late December through January. 
At a peak during the second week of January, the new case count was more than twice as high as the peak from last winter. Gratefully, the mortality rate to date with the latest surge has been lower than in prior surges. For the fourth quarter, we estimate that the incremental mortality due to COVID was approximately 1,100 compared to approximately 1,600 during the third quarter. Despite the challenges associated with COVID, I continue to be in awe at the resilience and dedication of our teammates across the DaVita Village. From our direct patient caregivers to our corporate teammates, all are unrelenting in their commitment to provide high-quality care, respond to a quickly changing environment and show incredible compassion and support for our patients. 
For the balance of my remarks, I will cover 5 topics: transplant; labor market; our supply chain; Integrated Kidney Care, IKC; and then I will wrap up with our fourth quarter results and our outlook.
First, transplant. At our Capital Markets Day presentation in November, I discussed our focus on innovation to improve the patient experience at every single stage along the patient's kidney care journey from delaying the progression of kidney disease to transplant and from acute hospital care to dialysis at home or in-center. 
Transplant is a preferred treatment option for most of our patients and during 2021, despite the challenges posed by the COVID pandemic, we celebrated that nearly 8,000 DaVita patients received a transplant, exceeding our pre-pandemic level. With that said, the transplant process is long and complicated with an average wait time of between 4 and 5 years for an organ. Staying active on the wait list for such a long time is difficult. As a result, patients sometimes miss their window for a transplant. We've been working to address some of these challenges through our industry-leading transplant smart education program and our partnership with the NKF to help more patients find living donors. 
In early January, we announced the acquisition of MedSleuth, whose software enables closer partnerships and better coordination between transplant centers, nephrologists and kidney care providers, with all 3 working together to support our patient transplant journey. These efforts can also benefit another meaningful goal of ours, to improve health equity. Many process and outcome results in transplant are quite inequitable, different by race and ethnicity, economic means and insurance coverage. We believe it doesn't have to be this way. Removing barriers to access, making the process as easy as possible and providing strong care coordination and support through the transplant journey can all contribute to making transplants not just more available, but also more equitable for our patients. 
Now let me shift to an update on the labor markets. I've been fortunate enough to be part of DaVita Village for over 20 years and in all that time across my many roles, I've never experienced a labor market as challenging as we face today. To help deal with the challenge, we have provided incremental pay and benefits to help our frontline caregivers during COVID. We've also accelerated wage increases with a particular focus on our teammates in the clinic. As previously communicated, we expect higher-than-usual wage increases in 2022, which will put some additional pressure on our cost structure going forward. We believe this investment in our people will contribute to our ability to track and retain the talent needed to achieve our long-term objective. That said, the labor markets remain highly dynamic and will continue to be a swing factor for the year. 
Over the years, in particular during the pandemic and natural disasters, we have navigated many supply chain challenges. To date, our supply chain has proven very resilient. Currently, we're working through a supply shortage primarily related to dialysate, which is a fluid solution used in hemodialysis to filter toxins and fluid from the blood. The shortage has rippled through the entire kidney care community and as a community, we have once again come together in support of our dialysis patients and thus far, have been able to provide uninterrupted life-sustaining care. We expect that these challenges related to dialysis will remain with us until the second quarter.
Turning to IKC. We now have confirmation on the markets where we will partner with physicians under the federal government's new 5-year CKCC demonstration. These programs added approximately 12,000 ESKD patients and an additional 12,000 CKD patients across 11 value-based programs in different markets. We're engaging with our nephrologist partners to develop personalized care plans for each covered patient and identify opportunities to improve clinical outcomes and lower cost for each patient. Participating in these and other programs will more than double the number of patients we serve in value-based care arrangements.
In light of our upfront cost of these programs and the lag of shared savings payment, as we discussed in November, we continue to expect that our operating loss in 2022 in our U.S. ancillary segment will increase by approximately $50 million, although this could increase or decrease depending on the number of new arrangements we enter into during the year. We believe that we are well positioned for the future and in particular, to deliver positive clinical and financial results in our IKC business over the long term. 
Now let me finish with fourth quarter results and our updated outlook. Despite the negative impact of the Omicron surge, our fourth quarter results were slightly above the midpoint of our revised guidance. This resulted in a full year adjusted operating income increase of approximately 3% over 2020. 
Adjusted EPS from continuing operations grew by approximately 26% year-over-year, and we generated more than $1.1 billion of free cash flow, which we largely deployed to return capital to our shareholders. For 2022, we expect adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion. The midpoint of this guidance range is $35 million below our expectations from Capital Markets Day last November, which is primarily driven by our updated views on COVID and labor costs. 
As we said previously, while 2022 will be a transition year due to some near-term investment and challenges that we're facing, we continue to believe that we're well positioned to perform across the kidney care continuum in the years to come. We still believe we can deliver the long-term compounded annual growth of adjusted operating income of 3% to 7% that we discussed at Capital Markets Day. With that, I will turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.

Well, I'll let Joel talk about the numbers in a second, but let me just start by saying the way we're talking about it internally in the company is that we are no longer going to speculate how this is going to behave because we have been so surprised over time. We all had such hope when the vaccines came out and then when the boosters came out. And of course, it has resulted in a milder hospitalization and mortality. But at the end of the day, I think we can all now accept that no one can speculate where this is going. 
Our hope is that it does become less impactful on our business and eventually, it's something that we can deal within the normal course of business, but that would not be a prudent thing to assume. So why don't you go ahead, Joel, and talk about what we've built into the number.

Well, those conversations are playing out in real time, but the reality is that as you know, and we've talked about for some time, our contracts tend to be longer term in nature. And so the bulk of our contracts are not up for renegotiations. So we'll have to, of course, assess how inflation behaves over time when each and every one of those contracts comes up. And so right now, the, let's call it, in what was negotiated previous to seeing this ramp-up in inflation.

Yes. At the end of the year, which is the most recent number I have, Justin, we were at 42.3% on MA. And I think that's the latest one we want to disclose.

Well, yes, the community -- this is a national issue for all providers. So there has been a shortage in supply. You can trace it back, of course, to the chain supply issues across the country. And the distribution centers and the labor issues. So it's a cumulative of all of them. So there was labor transportation, everything all came together as it has happened in so many other places. What we did as a community is, of course, the first thing is to get the clinical leadership to make sure that we were doing safe dialysis, then we started to basically titrate so we would use less of the product. 
And then we made sure that everybody understood what kind of inventory was at each location so that we would not have anyone stack -- or stock inventory. So the entire community did that. The visibility that we have right now is that, again, that will play out, and we will be back to normal sometime in Q2 is what we're being told. And so we will continue in the state we're all, if you will, in a much lower inventory level. Does that make -- did I answer your question, Justin?

I don't know if it was entirely clear as to this whole notion of why we don't want to go back to the baseline because it's so far. So just to put a finger on something that we are all experiencing is travel and entertainment, which we -- of course, at one quarter over another, you could say we used to have a run rate. As the world actually changed, in travel and entertainment it's going to be completely different. Then we had benefits, which we told you we had a run rate, but the benefits have changed in the run rate. So that's why it starts to get a little harder to go to that. And as Joel said, we want to go now into sort of, let's call it, the new normal and go off of that. And so hopefully, that makes sense to you.

Yes. I think the number hasn't changed, Pito. So it is the $50 million, just to clarify, incremental $50 million.

Yes. Thanks, Pito. On the dialysate in particular, it is contracted. So no, the answer to that one.

Yes. Thanks for the question. It is a little higher than normal, although we always have some center closures and consolidations, et cetera. I think the best way to think of footprint is we have 3 lenses. The very first one is, of course, access to patients to ensure the patients are safe and have the right access; the second lens would be what is the mix of home and in-center and that changes over time; the third is utilization, which is -- we've had, of course, because of this excess mortality, we've had some utilization decrease; and then the last is sort of you think of the local market dynamics. 
And so we want to be really careful and we want to be very thoughtful. But if you were going to say, what's the net takeaway, is that we continue to think that we will build less de novos and more home centers over time.

No, if you look at our utilization over time, we actually started to grow less pre-COVID than we had COVID. So the compounding of that actually has our footprint having less utilization than we've had historically. And so we're just -- and then you add the dynamic of home growing. And so that's what we're doing. We just want to make sure that we have the right modality in the right market. And so we continue to assess that at every market.

Yes. It's interesting. We were just talking about that because, of course, there has been a bit more turnover, and we're working on how to get training to be a bit more efficient and effective. But the bulk of the number will stick with us.

Yes. It was immaterial -- sorry, I thought you were done, Gary. The number is immaterial and it's actually offset on the cost line item. So it's basically a service that we offer to our patients because it's good and convenient for them as opposed to thinking of it as an economic one.

Yes. Thanks for the question. And I worry it's a complicated one if people haven't been tracking the details, so I'll probably just -- let me pull up a little and explain the case. And so at the heart of the issue is Medicare in the Secondary Payer Act, commonly referred to as MSPA, protect patients from direct and indirect discrimination. So that's really kind of the question. And so more narrowly, is there a distinction between dialysis patients or what's in the statute, which is ESRD patients. 
So that might sound like word splitting, but it's really at the heart of it. And so you say, how did we get here? Could you explain how we got here. And it's basically, as you know, there's small employer groups guided by third-party benefit design that limited benefits of dialysis patients and in essence, de facto pushed them to Medicare. And then that went into certain courts. And then as you said, the Sixth and the Ninth Circuit split ruling and then Supreme Court said they wanted to take it up. 
We won't speculate on the ruling, but you're basically asking, okay, what happens if you do lose. Of course, I put -- get my energy from winning. But if you ask me what happens if we do lose, there are several scenarios. As you know, the Supreme Court is highly nuanced. And so it could be a narrow loss, which may not have any impact, and they might provide a lot of clarity. And then you might say, okay, well, what happens if it's a broader loss? The first thing is you probably want to quantify it, and I don't think I can help you there because it is impossible to forecast what would plans do and how would they consider it in the light of the reputation risk and in the fact that there's all kinds of legal requirements under the ADA now. 
And in addition, we have discrimination provision in the ACA. So it might be that we're arguing 1 pillar, but the other 2 pillars are so strong that it actually has no impact. But we don't know. We will continue to advocate hard and if we lose, we will continue to seek clarity in a legislative way. But the most important thing for us is that our patients are protected so that they have the right to get care just like in any other disease. And so we are going to be really, really focused on it and be aggressive both legally and legislatively because we believe that our patients deserve it. So I said a lot. So let me -- because it's such an important thing. So any follow-up questions?

Thank you.

No, we do. But we're pretty good at that being kind of short term. So I think we're answering to be as helpful as possible as to you saying, is this a good stepping stone to go into the future. And the fact is that it is, even though we're struggling. One of the things that we do and when we have labor shortages is sometimes leadership, which is fixed salary, will step into the floor because we have a lot of our facility administrators that are nurses. That's not something we want to do for a long period of time. It's unsustainable, but that's very helpful when you're short-staffed. So there's a lot of dynamics, as you know, and interplay when you're looking at staffing. But I think if you're going to say what's the bulk of that number, it is inflationary in the wages.

Yes. I think COVID, of course, creates some air pockets as it relates to growth. And we've talked a lot about during the call, excess mortality. So if you were going to just step back and look at the mix overall in the last couple of years, we've basically gone from a little over 12% to 15% of our patients being in some kind of a home modality. So the modality was driving double-digit growth for quite some time and then COVID occurs. And so what happened during the year is we were between 2% and 3% growth during the year. But then again, our in-center shrunk. And so the modality is still thriving, people are still picking it. We continue to create the best home suite out there, surrounding patients with all kinds of things so that they can get on to the modality.
As it relates to training, of course, COVID has added some challenges and then also COVID has had some tailwinds in the sense that people say, gosh, if this happens again, maybe I want to dialyze at home. So it is not an easy answer, but hopefully, those trends give you a sense of the appetite for the modality.

All right. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your interest in our company. As you can see, like many other companies, the short term is a tough one with the macro landscape being quite complex and dynamic, in particular, in the labor markets. That said, hopefully, you hear from our voices that in the long term, we continue to build a differentiated capability and that we are very positive on how we are positioned to deliver integrated care for our patients, deliver world-class outcomes and bring savings to our payers. 
I would be just remiss if I don't finish by saying that this is all possible because the resilience, the passion and the dedication of the DaVita team that wakes up every single day to deliver life-sustaining therapy. So thank you for your time, and we'll talk again next quarter. Be well.