Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining the call today. It's nice to be with you as I host my first earnings call as the CEO of the enterprise. As I reflect on my first 60 days, it's been a dynamic time. In that short period of time, the President of United States issued an executive order on kidney health. We closed the DMG transaction, we bought back $350 million of stock. We commenced the tender process to purchase up to another $1.2 billion of stock. We launched a new bank financing and most importantly, our team of dedicated caregivers performed over $5 million life-sustaining dialysis treatments. Hard to believe that it's only been 60 days. 
Before providing financial details on the quarter, let me start with a clinical highlight. DaVita has had a long commitment to helping as many patients as possible receive kidney transplants. We have created award-winning educational programs to support our patients to increase their chances of receiving a transplant. These programs include peer testimonials and animated videos on how to prepare for a transplant evaluation, how to stay active on the wait list, how to find a living donor and what to expect after transplant. 
We're encouraged by the interest of our current administration to try to improve on the biggest challenge, which is actually organ supply. We will continue to support the efforts to help patients on the wait list receive a transplant, so they can join the estimated 50,000 DaVita patients who are living with a transplant today. 
Now let's move onto the quarterly performance, which we previewed with you in a press release last week. We saw strong financial performance in the second quarter. On the positive side, we had a sequential increase in revenue per treatment and a sequential decrease in our cost. On the negative side, non-acquired growth was disappointing. Joel will walk through the numbers, but I thought it'd be helpful to provide you with qualitative views of the drivers. 
Our year-to-year -- sorry, our year-to-date revenue per treatment continues to be in line with revenue guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. Commercial rates are slightly up year-over-year and the Medicare rates are growing in line with our expectation. The team performed well on cost management with solid improvement in the quarter, primarily due to productivity improvements. Transitioning to growth, we're disappointed with our performance in non-acquired growth, which continues to fall below our expectations. While some of the decrease is related to the slowdown in industry patient growth, there is no getting around the fact that we're underperforming the industry. The question we've been working through are: what is the potential for improvement and when will we see the results? Unfortunately, our response is dissatisfying. We're not ready to commit to specific numbers or timing. On a local market basis, it's proven challenged to differentiate between true underperformance and just good decision-making. We're evaluating opportunities market-by-market and trying to balance the sometimes conflicting goals of growth, productivity and capital efficiency. 
Let me drill down through an example to bring the point to life. A common decision in any given clinic is whether to open a new shift. Most new shifts are temporarily cost inefficient due to the low capacity utilization. If the market has scale, capacity constrained, robust growth, the decision is pretty easy. You open the shift. If the market is small or the growth rate is inconsistent, it might make sense to trade the growth for productivity efficiency. 
Another example of this playing out in real time is in California. We have only signed 2 new leases in California this year, which compares to a typical full year of closer to 25 to 30. This will have a negative growth consequence in the future, but will reduce capital deployment in the market where we feel it is not prudent to invest at this time, given the threats of disruption from SEIU. 
These examples illustrate the trade-offs between growth, productivity and capital, which highlight why we're not looking at any metric in isolation. 
Now let me comment on President Trump's Executive Order. My high-level takeaway on the Executive Order is we are aligned, we are well positioned, it's early and the economic impact is uncertain. 
Now let me expand on each. First, we're well aligned with the administration overarching goal to provide better education to patients, to increase home dialysis and to increase the number of transplants. We agree that early education of patients is critical to slowing progression of kidney disease and to increase the chances that more patients will be able to choose the best treatment option for their lifestyle. 
Second, in partnership with nephrologists, we believe we're well positioned across the continuum of patient care. We're the largest provider of home dialysis in the country, and have a full integrated technology platform to make it easier for patients to treat at home. We have a robust education resource offering of 12,000 education classes to CKD patients this year alone to empower more patients to choose home as their preferred modality. We have strong partnerships with over 900 hospitals across the country and we believe that we have a head start in building necessary capabilities to manage full risk in an integrated care environment. 
Third, with respect with the economic model, the administration announced the intention to pilot 5 new programs for kidney patients, 1 mandatory and 4 voluntary. Few details have been provided on the voluntary models, so we're not in a position to provide much insight into our strategic approach to drive growth or profitability from these models. 
What we know about the mandatory model is that there will be an increased payment tied to home penetration and transplant rate. This will consist of 2 major components: First, is a rate increase of 3% in year 1 for home dialysis. We expect this to result in approximately $5 million to $10 million revenue pickup for us in 2020, which will decline in subsequent years, as the rate increase goes away; the second component, which is the probably the most important is a potential for higher or lower revenues based on chain of clinics driven by performance on home and transplant. 
CMS expects this to have a negative impact on Medicare reimbursement to the dialysis industry. Given that the dialysis industry already loses money on Medicare reimbursement, we will have to work with CMMI to ensure sustainability long-term economics. However, if it remains as announced and if 50% of our clinics nationwide are part of the demonstration, we should expect to also have some negative impact on our Medicare reimbursement. The community is working hard to better understand the rule and its implications. We intend to provide input in the 60-day comment period to highlight where the regulation may be improved. 
Now on to Joel to provide some additional details on the quarter.

Thanks, Joel. While it's too early to provide guidance for 2020. There are 3 specific call outs regarding next year above and beyond the normal puts and takes. Number one, we expect the operating income from calcimimetics to go away, as Joel mentioned earlier. Number two, we expect the potential headwind from union-driven ballot initiatives, and number three, CMS preliminary proposed net market basket update for 2020 is approximately 1.7. I am looking forward to providing more color on our strategy, on our upcoming Capital Markets Day, which is now, September 10 in New York. 
So that is it. Darren, if you could open the line for Q&A?

To said it in another way on the first point, Kevin, the question is will the industry operate at a higher utilization and therefore, the de novo count doesn't equal non-acquired growth.

Yes. We have very little information on it other than directionally what they want to do or what they mentioned is to move the curve to the left, if you will. And when you're as big as we are, 37%. You assume that at some point, you're going to look a bit like the curve. And so they have not given us much color. There's a point system, et cetera, but we don't know how it'll work and that's one of the things that we're trying to shape in the 60-day comment period because, of course, we would like that to have some upside for those that outperform.

And it's important to remember, Kevin, that roughly 80% of patients that are home end up in center. And so the continuum of care is necessary throughout a patient's journey.

Justin, you might be on mute.

Now we can hear you.

Okay. Let me grab -- and unfortunately I didn't write the first one down. On mortality...

Losing live patients. I don't know what that means. What -- are you saying our patients transferring out of our centers?

Yes. The short answer is, not that we know of. We were not hearing from patients transferring from one center to another. On mortality, the mortality rates had plateaued. And so what happened was for an extended period of time in the past, mortality got better year-over-year. So in essence, that helped the growth. But that line has plateaued. It hasn't gotten any better or worse. It's just been very stable, so that impacts growth. Did I get all of your questions or I missed one?

That is -- that is correct.

Yes. So we're restricted for talking about pricing on our Amgen contract, but we are a very large customer. So I think you can do some back-of-the-envelope math on pricing.

Yes.

Yes.

The reason why they expanded the TDAPA is because they're trying to calculate what, if anything, they do to the bundle. And the fact that not all patients get this drug, and the fact that the pricing continues to change, and the fact that oral is so much cheaper than IV makes that math complicated. So they just said, "Let's extend a year and do it a plus 0."

Yes. The short answer is we don't have any visibility, but we know that the union is trying to just throw sand in the gears and make it difficult for us. And so just being that 2020 is a ballot year, we're just calling it out, so that we're not surprising anyone.

Yes, I would say that we don't like to talk about rates, but just to give you an orientation, they do have a premium to Medicare, but it is way closer to Medicare than it is to commercial rates.

Yes, I don't know if it's crystallizing, but rather it's not going away. And so we just know that the unions are very present and they want to be disruptive. And obviously, they were disruptive last year. So we think that it's in their playbook.

Yes. Well, you've got your finger right on the pulse, which is people start off a bit nervous and then when we start talking and seeing what we can do with that patient population together, some very constructive and productive conversations usually flow thereafter. So right now, the regular MA population in the country is in the mid-30s. In dialysis patients, it's somewhere in the mid-20s. And so the first thing they think about is like, "Oh my gosh, volume expansion." But of course, what MA is so good about doing is adding value to patients that actually consume a lot of services and our patients are that very sick and they consume a lot of services. So once we sit down and we explore different methodologies, we're coming up with some win-wins. And so that's the conversations we're having around the country.

Yes. It's an interesting way to look at it. I think in general, the big structural advantage that you should think of is that the patients are with us 12 hours a week. And we could do a lot in-center. We could do a lot of coordination. And so we have a strategic structural advantage, if you will, and so that's one of the things that puts us in the center of it. And that doesn't mean that we have to do everything so that might open up to some of the things you're talking about and some partnerships with others, but the big [ Uber ] -- the big sort of game changer is actually having the patient 12 hours.

Gary, I think I might have heard a compliment in there. I'm not sure.

Now look, to answer the question, there was no big layoff or anything like that. It was literally amazing operational discipline across the country and this is one of those things 2,600 centers with operations. Just doing great work. And you see the calcimimetics price decreased. We can't take credit for that. They're just new entrants in generic. And as someone mentioned on the call, there's other pharmaceuticals that are moving downward as well on some pricing, sometimes utilization. And so it was just a good quarter on that front and we're very proud of it.

Yes. I wouldn't say that there is anything you learned other than the reminder of how diligent you have to be when you go across such a wide system. In addition, the dynamic that we talked about, the interlink between productivity and growth is one of the things that we're continuing to debate, which is if you run very, very lean and efficient sometimes you might not have the staffing if that new patients coming to open up a shift, or you're not -- might not be as agile as you want. And so sometimes, you might actually go too productive, and so what we're evaluating is should you build a little slack in the system and build more labor. And what are the economic trade-off between that and NAG and how does that all net out. And as you can imagine, that depends that type of insurance of the patient, it depends on whether there's more patients coming to that shift, et cetera, et cetera. And all that assumes that we're in full control of labor sometimes, of course, someone goes on leave or someone quits, and it's a tight labor market. So all those dynamics are interplay, and so we had good productivity and bad NAG and we're trying to figure out how we feel about the whole thing, but OI was good that quarter.

Sure, Gary. We've had a lot of input. We have had many discussions, many meetings. Of course, when you give your opinion, it is just that -- an opinion and they take it into account and they listen to all the different constituents. And so you never know exactly how your opinion is landing or your inputs landing, but we did a lot of education for an extended period of time.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Matthew. The short answer is, it is literally impossible to estimate. But a couple of things to help you think through the variables is what state it's in because media and other things to educate the voters vary substantially in price, number one. Number two, the ballot initiative last year was very off balance and weighted in its language, so therefore we had to spend more money educating people. So if the language can be at least more neutral, that would really offset a lot of the cost. And then, of course, well, those are the variables. I'll stop there and then, of course, the number of states would be the last variable, how many fights are you taking on.

But Matt, let me make sure, we remind you that last quarter, I said that the guidance we gave on mix at JPMorgan was too tight at that plus or minus 5 basis point, that it moves up and down more than that. And if you had me guess, we'd probably be down slightly by the end of the year, but all that is incorporated in our guidance.

I don't know that number off the top of my head. But what we can tell you is our aspiration and our goals right now is to have roughly 25% of our patient by 2025, which would mean that we, of course, would have to really accelerate because it's roughly double what we have now. So we would have to really accelerate the incoming going home. And there are a lot of hurdles on that because it's the way that the physicians practice. It is a patient's choice. So there's a lot of things going on in that variable, but what we want to do is be aspirational. And right now, our rough math has that home selection is growing about 4x what in-center is growing at. But again, the total mix is materially lower.

LeAnne is on the phone, but my understanding -- LeAnne, you can jump on, is that we don't have any additional information.

Okay. Well, we had a good quarter. We're going to continue to work very hard and we look forward to seeing you all in a couple of weeks at Capital Markets. Have a great day, everyone.