Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review our third quarter financial results. We are now 9 months into the pandemic, and one thing is clear: our team of caregivers is committed to serving our patients. Because of our team, our business is performing well despite disruptions from the pandemic, wildfires and hurricanes. I've said it before, and it's worth repeating, I am incredibly proud to be part of DaVita and to serve alongside our 65,000 teammates who work so hard to provide our patients with life sustaining care. It is our people who make our business resilient in the face of so many challenging externalities. 
Through these challenging times, our focus remains on our patients and on building capabilities to enhance their care and their experience in the future. Today, there are still too many patients who are surprised by their start on dialysis, which impacts their ability to adjust their lifestyle and then to choose their optimal modality. Therefore, we work with patients with chronic kidney disease, known as CKD, to help them understand how to stay healthy, delay the progression of kidney disease, pursue transplantation and evaluate different treatment options. 
Education is one important factor to avoid a surprise start. We are excited to have reached a milestone this quarter of educating 200,000 people through our Kidney Smart program and no-cost CKD education program. During the pandemic, we have shifted all Kidney Smart classes to a virtual format, and we continue to have high engagement with CKD patients. The program has healthy results as individuals would attend a Kidney Smart class are 6x more likely to start dialysis at home, experience 38% fewer missed treatments in the first 90 days on dialysis and have 30% fewer hospitalizations. 
Now on to quarterly results. Q3 was another strong quarter for our company. Total revenue came in largely as expected. While volume growth was weaker than historical levels due to the impact of COVID, total revenue held up due to the year-to-date improvement in revenue per treatment. Our costs came in significantly below our forecast as a result of lower COVID impact this quarter and continued strong cost management. Looking forward, I remain confident in the strength of our business model as well as our earnings and free cash flow growth. 
Due to our strong performance over the past year, we're ahead of plan that we discussed last year's Capital Markets Day, both financially and strategically. 
Financially, we're ahead of the expected adjusted earnings per share guidance we shared both in 2020 and 2022. Today, we are again raising our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $7.35 to $7.60. Over the past year, we've been able to achieve operating margin increases in share repurchases faster than expected. In addition, we've also lowered our debt cost, consistent to what we expressed at Capital Markets Day. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to deliver continued capital-efficient growth from 2020 levels over the next few years. To quantify this, we expect to be able to deliver annual adjusted EPS growth on average in the low double digits. I want to highlight that we are accomplishing this while continuing to invest in innovation, building new capabilities and strengthening our platform. 
Strategically, we have made tangible progress in extending the breadth and depth of our clinical and operational capabilities, fueled by our digital transformation in several areas. We believe that these capabilities in our platform will create a competitive advantage with a focus on our patients, nephrologist partners and payer partners. 
We also see a path to using these capabilities to improve the quality and value of care for our patients across the health care delivery system. For example, we're personalizing the care for patients across the kidney care continuum using proprietary systems that we've been developing for years in partnership. We've been with industry leaders, including Epic, Cerner, Salesforce and Google. We have more to do to effectuate our strategy, but we're beginning to see the benefits from these tools in the form of AI-driven models that personalize dosing for certain therapeutics, anticipate patients' clinical status and help avoid hospitalization, anticipate patients who may drop off from therapy and identify CKD stage 4 patients who are likely to progress quickly to ESRD and help avoid unplanned dialysis starts. 
As we place these tools and information in the hands of nephrologists and our caregivers, we envision 3 significant benefits: one, enabling a best-in-class patient experience, delivering individualized care at scale; two, enabling our physicians to deliver industry-leading clinical outcomes; and three, lowering the total cost of care of kidney care populations through avoiding disruptions caused by preventable hospitalization stays and changes in modalities that are not clinically driven. 
We're also making strategic progress in our shift to value-based payment model. Over the last decade, we built capabilities and real-world experience managing the total cost of care for ESRD patients through our partnerships and the unique relationships and access we have to more than 200,000 dialysis patients. We've developed a model of care that is tailored to the specific needs of dialysis patients and have applied this to a variety of value-based payment models, including shared savings and full capitation. 
Our discussions with payers about using value-based arrangements to align incentives and drive better outcomes have accelerated in recent quarters. On the government side, we're carefully considering the models for value-based arrangements developed by CMS. On the commercial side, we continue to contract for pay-for-performance models for both ESRD and CKD patients. We're also using the expected growth of Medicare Advantage in the ESRD population to accelerate conversations with MA plans about new payment models. We're excited for the momentum toward value-based care, and we're prepared for opportunities to partner with government and commercial payers. We believe that our current capabilities, deep experience and national scale give us a superior platform for delivering value to our partners, patients and payers. 
Now I'll turn it over to Joel, who will discuss our financial results and outlook in more detail.

So yes, Kevin, we did. And I'd just point out that EPS guidance is multi-year. It's not for next year specifically, but yes, we have taken into account the headwinds and tailwinds that we pointed out.

Yes. I think this year is a good base.

Yes, Kevin, it's much more of a onetime thing. I'd continue to focus on the full year-over-year rather than focus on the individual quarter.

No.

Yes. Thank you, Andrew. I don't know when the peak will be on unemployment. So what we have seen from our patients is that they have been incredibly resilient about trying to keep their job and their coverage. So we are very happy with where we are right now in mix as it relates to where we were a couple of quarters ago, meaning it's held up. But then, of course, we don't know where the -- which direction the pandemic will go and how the labor markets will go. But that is -- right now, where we stand today, we are in a stronger position than I thought last quarter.

I'll grab that, Justin. There's not a lot that stood out on mix. So I'm not sure what we -- what you're shining there, but there's nothing that I would point to that's relevant for your model.

The second part was around the cost of child care?

I think it's going to be fascinating to see what happens with the schools. I don't know, my kids and what I'm hearing from our teammates is that it's been very fluid. We've had a wide range from people that have been staying at home the whole time to all the way to full-time in school and somewhere in between. There's been positive starts and finishes. 
So what we're trying to do is support our teams and create the resources so that they can go to work. And so we've got some safety nets and different programs that we're funding. And we hope that we have them covered. Of course, if this gets materially worse and we go back to a really acute shutdown, everybody will be in the same pickle. So we prepared for that. And again, it's all in the bandwidth of how this pandemic behaves.

Yes. Lisa, I mean, look, the different parts of the country are at different ways of handling the education system. And so we're seeing different pockets of expenses and demand and constraints on our teammates and how they're handling their child care. So it's been bumpy and regional.

Sorry, just to clarify that encompasses everything, right. That is not the narrow lens of education.

I'm sorry, was I not asked?

Yes.

Gary, thank you. I'll grab that. The EPC came out, cleared out some things, made some improvements, which we're very appreciative to the administration that they heard from the community. We're going to obviously work really hard to meet their objectives because they're aligned with our objectives, which is to get more people to the right modality and to make sure that as many people as possible can get transplant.
If you're looking for something as to what to plug into your model, the reality is it's a bit early, but I'm going to use CMS and what they said. They said that it would be a saver of $34 million over 6 years. And so -- and that's for the entire industry. So if you grab 1/3 of that. And so my understanding is, it's a little more forgiving on the front end and then it grabs a little more on the back end. But as you can see, the numbers are digestible.

Well, we are -- you're absolutely right that we continue to explore every option. We continue to go after Kidney Care Act, and we are evaluating all of these voluntary models. They come out with rules as we go, and so they're quite dynamic. And so one day, we're very excited about one format and then the rules come out, and it is either disappointing or harder for us to participate in it. And so we continue to evaluate it, and we will get back to you once everything is finalized. 
Yesterday, actually, for the voluntary model, the financial structure came out. It's roughly 100 pages. And so we're still digesting it, but we'll be back to you when we have a conclusion.

Thanks, John. Well, we agree with you that there's a big movement right now. There's appetite, there's momentum, there's a lot of interest. These deals are a lot more complicated to do, setting up the baseline, setting up the incentives, so they're multiyear, so we can do the investment. 
But to your point, it's taken a while, but I think there is an intersection point right now of momentum. So it takes 2 to tango. And it feels like the other side is willing and we are ready. And so I think over the next couple of years, you're going to see a lot more of these deals come across.

Yes. The economics are not there. So it's free and access to all the community. And so the -- anyone could get it. And the whole hope there is, of course, that people can transition to modality planning, in many instances just get mentally acclimated to the lifestyle change that you're going to have. And so it is just literally a gift to the community and hopefully helps people transition into what is likely to be a very big lifetime lifestyle change. And so we're very proud of it. It's -- if you've ever gone in, it's very comprehensive but easy to understand. And we think it's making a real impact in the community.

The short answer is no, that there's nothing magical about home versus private insurance. There's a preselection bias maybe that more people that work will pick home. And so if you might recall from capital markets, the other thing that's really important to remember is that roughly 85% of our patients that dialyze at home, dialyze in a center at some point. And so either on the front end or on the back end or even during their care. And so we've always debated on some of these dynamics that you're trying to get to economically or length of private pay, et cetera. Is it because of the modality? Or is it because of the patient that pick the modality? And we don't know.

Okay. Thank you, Michelle. Let me make a couple of closing comments. Well, it goes without saying, it is a challenging environment out there. And so I just want to thank again the dedication, the caring and the professionalism of our teams. It has really energized our entire organization. 
Secondly, we've delivered on the commitments that we made to you ahead of schedule, and we are really well positioned to deliver on our multiyear earnings growth. Stay safe, and thank you for your interest in DaVita.