Thank you, Jim. As you probably already noted, we had solid fourth quarter results that were consistent with prior communications and, of course, JR and Joel will discuss those in greater detail a little bit downstream, but we're first and foremost a caregiving company and so as usual we will start by talking about a clinical highlight today, antibiotic stewardship.
As many of you know, dialysis patients are highly prone to infections. We have continued to get better at supporting evidence-based prescribing of antibiotics, which has a couple of benefits, including reducing harm to patients from excessive antibiotic use, and also preventing the emergence of antimicrobial resistance. This is something that all caregivers should be doing across American and global healthcare. And we're proud that we're getting better. In fact, in 2018, among patients with symptoms of bloodstream infections, we actually decreased IV antibiotic steroids by 12%, while maintaining all clinical quality.
This is important not only in terms of what we did this year, but we continue to collect data to improve our ability to do even better in the future. Now a quick update on the DMG transaction. We're working closely with Optum to obtain FTC approval, which of course is necessary. The timing of the process was very negatively impacted by the government shutdown as it was for so many other transactions. And we cannot speak definitively to timing for all the reasons we haven't been able to do that up to this point, and all the same reasons that other companies involved in other transactions cannot, but everybody is working very diligently to move that ball forward.
In addition, some good news is that in 2019 the DMG financial performance will improve -- is expected to improve significantly. There are a number of very tangible reasons for this. One, for example, is significantly better Medicare Advantage rates than in prior years. Number two, the elimination of the health insurer fee is a dollar for dollar significant pickup. Number three, the dollar for dollar elimination of considerable consulting expenses incurred in 2018 that will be gone in 2019. And fourth, the number of operating improvements, the investments that we made in prior years that are bearing fruit. So the net is that 2019 in DMG will be significantly better -- is expected to be significantly better than 2018. Now over to Javier for a summary of our Kidney Care business.

I'd like to just make a few comments -- four. Number one, please be reminded that the next few years Medicare year-over-year fee-for-service rate increases will be better than the almost 0 increases over the last few years. Second, the International business now has a foundation on which we can expect year-over-year OI contributions, rather than offsets. Number three, we continue to generate strong cash flows and they are in fact incrementally better than some of the prior years. And four, we are very well positioned to be a differentiated high value-added provider of integrated care for these needy and expensive patients. Operator, let's switch to Q&A, please.

Yes.

Justin, there's always a lot going on in one of these processes. So to say nothing new would suggest that nobody is doing any work, nobody is asking any questions. But Joel's answer still applies. We're working hard with the goal that he cited.

Justin, I think talking about it year-by-year is just not reflective of reality, but -- which is why we gave you the long-term data. We pledged many years ago to work down the outlier part of the book in a constructive way. And in some cases, that can be easy because you got a payer that's got some really high rates and some really low rates. And so you move everything to the middle on sort of a net neutrality basis. In other cases, it is not so simple. But that's why we cited the historical data, so that people know that, over a period of many years, it has not led to any material disruptions, although there have been good quarters and bad quarters or good years and bad years. And it's quite unpredictable. And so once again, we give you the empirical data so you can see that it is relatively predictable over the long-term, but not over the short-term. So guessing and giving you a guess on a single year, we just think could be really a lot more noise than data. We do, however, commit to our belief that over the next 5, 6, 7 years, that this trend towards fewer outliers will continue. And there will be some bumps that are positive and some bumps that are negative along the way, but it shouldn't be anything fundamental.

Yes. I don't think we can say. We put a lot of work into giving the guidance for this year. We're going to put a lot of work into providing the 3-year outlook at our upcoming Capital Markets in 2019. But I just -- spontaneously trying to figure out whether or not the word normal applies to that particular number in the particular year of 2019. I don't think I want to say -- we don't want to say either yes or no to what exactly is normal. Hopefully, we really help you understand that clearly there are some offsets in '19 that are offsetting the fact that, in a lot of our book, we're getting nice rate increases. So that is going on. And we've done our best job of calibrating it for you. But I wouldn't want to characterize it as either normal or abnormal. If you look over the next -- the last 8, 9 years, it's not an outlier, it's just a tough year.

And Justin, it's worth throwing out a few numbers to help explain why JR's answer is the appropriate one. You just take a typical nephrology group and say there's 3 doctors, and say they've got 100 dialysis patients each, that's 300. And then there is a 13% mortality rate, let's say. So that's 39 patients to replace the ones that passed away. And then you have 3% growth, and so you add another 9 patients on. So you're talking about 48 new patients per year spread across 3 doctors. When you have a 1% change in the organic population, you're talking about 2 patients' difference over the course of an entire year. And so whether or not a group has 48 new patients or whatever number spread across 12 months or 50 or 46, that is not something a practice can notice because year by year they're going to have those fluctuations, not going to have anything to do with aggregate CKD incidents or advancement. And so that's why JR's answer that the practice wouldn't pick up on this unless it was way, way, way more than 1%. For us in aggregate, and for you, we pay a lot of attention to 1% because there is some incremental EPS math attached to it. But it's highly, highly incremental and not discernible at the practice level, with rare exceptions.

But we will add, just to try to be a little responsive without going into misleading detail, that we've had 3 consecutive years of improving the EBITDA margin by 2% per year. So just to give you a sense of the incremental operating improvements and mix improvements. So things are moving in the right direction, we can say that right now.

I don't think that would be a good idea right now, given the different country mix. It's heavily influenced by which countries grow the most, and sometimes you might have a lower-margin country, but in fact, it's got higher return on capital. And -- so I don't think it wouldn't yet be a useful number for you, Justin.

We're looking around the table, Justin. No one remembers ever having shared that number, which is not to say it didn't happen, but there is just a bunch of blank stares across the table.

Hey, Justin, how about if we do this? Because we weren't prepared to do that for today, but you're making a fair point, so this is obviously a multi-year issue. And we do expect our MA to grow in a nontrivial way. And it's going to be great for patients and we think great for the system, because it will also bring down total cost. But none of that is responsive to this specific starting point question. So if you just let us not make a spontaneous decision here, instead think about it and then maybe next quarter we'll provide that number.

No, you're thinking about it correctly. We're already doing that work with some payers. And both they and we believe we're having quite an impact, clinically and economically. And so we would expect that to increase over time. However, right now, there is not math associated with it that's exciting enough for you to bake it into any near-term forecast. Hopefully, as the future rolls on and we get better and better at it and have more data to prove how good we are at it, it will be more relevant to your model.

Yes, there was some very good learning in both directions, where DaVita Kidney Care was able to help DaVita Medical Group do better on kidney care patients, both dialysis and pre-dialysis. And similarly, the DMG was able to help DaVita Kidney Care do better in managing down the total cost, and managing the economics of our dialysis patients. So it was a good mutual -- and continues to be a good mutual learning highway.

Yes, I'll take a stab at it. Number one, CMMI is looking at a bunch of Kidney Care stuff, including eliminating some of the obstacles to home and PD growth. And we are supporters of that and we're in regular constructive conversations with them about the best way to do it. We have had a series of meetings. They have also talked with other people. And so we applaud a bunch of the stuff that they're looking at, and hope that they go ahead and put it in and think there's a good chance that they will. And then second, if you wave that wand, that is a good world in a couple of different ways. One, it just significantly reduces the capital intensity of our business. Number two, there are some patients in America who would be happier or healthier on home that are not on it today because of local practice patterns, nephrology group preferences, et cetera. And we've been growing home steadily. Javier referred to the fact that we've been the leader for a long time in this and intend to remain the leader. But that doesn't mean that every single patient that should be on home or might be happy on home is on it now. And so implication #1 is that outside of capital intensity, excuse me, would be happier and in some cases healthier patients. Having said all that, right now when people walk around saying that home is almost uniformly a better form of care for dialysis patients, it's factually incorrect. And so for a lot of patients, it leads to a better life. For a subset of patients, it leads to better clinical outcomes. But not for everyone. And what you tend to have is that the type of people who take the initiative and have the desire to dialyze at home are a fundamentally different type of patient on average than those who stay in the center. So it's very, very difficult to do an apples-to-apples clinical comparison because of the type of population you have that is willing to take on the burden and responsibility and risk of dialyzing at home.

Could you say the question again, please?

No. I would say the opposite, probably. That what -- the data is quite clear that nothing dramatic happens quickly. And yet the trend is the trend. And we're not predicting any significant change in either direction off the trend. But recognize that there is an awful lot of dynamism underneath that number. On the one hand, treatment for diabetes and hypertension, some of the primary causes of kidney failure, are getting better. So you could argue that, that would lead to a reduction in dialysis patients. On the other hand, the African-American and Hispanic populations are growing significantly in America, and they are far more likely to have kidney disease and kidney failure, so that pushes exactly the opposite direction. And I could cite 2 or 3 or 4 other variables. So under the surface of that long-term trend, which we think may very well continue without any significant discontinuity up or down, but underneath that are a lot of basic fundamental forces in American healthcare and American demographics. And so it's very difficult to get too confident because if any of those underlying trends change, that would in fact create some sort of discontinuity in the trend. It just hasn't for the past 25 years.

Let's stay on that for 1 second. Because that is a perfect example of a new discontinuity, but we would also predict probably a relatively temporary one in that we would say that 5 years from now, the incidence of opioid abuse and people getting to the point where their kidneys fail because of a lack of treatment is going to be reduced dramatically because already the leading indicators for that, things like prescription patterns, prescription limitations, prescription oversight, clinic availability to help these people, all of that is fundamentally changing throughout America, and is quite well-funded in many cases. So that's a classic example of a new thing that has had a negative impact in some ways -- on us in the short term, but will probably on a relative basis become an incrementally positive one over the next 5, 6, 7, 8 years. But it's once again very difficult to quantify and calibrate because it has do with fundamental demographic issues and fundamental healthcare system issues.

All right. Thank you all very much for your interest in DaVita. 
We look forward to talking to you again next quarter.