Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. Over the last several months, we have made incredible progress in our efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. And it's with continued optimism that I provide several updates today, starting with vaccination followed by a summary of the first quarter performance then an update on our improved outlook for the year and finally, an overview of our ongoing commitment to ESG. 
Q1 brought a lot of smiles as the Kidney Care community administered hundreds of thousands of vaccines to its patients. Providers worked closely with the Biden Administration, the CDC and state government so that dialysis patients could be vaccinated in a trusted and convenient side of care. We knew that this would help our patients overcome transportation and other access challenges getting to third-party sites. And we had confidence that the hesitancy rate would decline when they received education from a trusted caretaker. Thanks to all the hard work by our teams and the government partners, I'm proud to say that as of yesterday, 72% of our patients nationwide have received at least one vaccine dose. 
We also saw an opportunity to positively impact health equity by administering COVID vaccine in our clinics. Similar to the early results in the broader U.S. population, in the first few weeks of the vaccine rollout, we saw the vaccination rate for Black and Hispanic were approximately 40% below that of White and Asian American. This did not sit well with us. We've got to work and mobilized our care teams, including social workers, dietitians and medical directors to have one-on-one conversations with patients to address common causes of hesitancy. Our Hispanic patients have now been vaccinated at nearly the same rate as white patients and the gap for our black patients has been reduced to 10%. We are not done. Our pursuit for health equity continues. 
On to our first quarter financial results. We delivered solid performance in Q1 as our operating margins returned to 15.7% in the quarter, while we continue to lead through the continued challenges presented by the pandemic. As we covered on our last call, treatment volumes declined in Q1. Our treatments per day hit a low point in mid-February, including the impact of approximately 25,000 missed treatments from the winter storm. Since then, our daily treatment trends have steadily improved. As these trends continue, absent any further infection surges, we believe that our sequential patient census growth through the end of the year could return to pre-COVID levels, which is what we incorporated in our guidance ranges we provided last quarter. 
Let me provide a bit more detail on volume that supports our outlook. First, since our update in Q1, COVID case counts and new infections within our dialysis population have continued to decline. As of last Friday, the number of active cases amongst our patients across the country decreased approximately 85% from peak prevalence on January 6, 2021, and the last 7-day incidence rate for new cases decreased approximately 91% from the week ending January 9, 2021. Second, we're grateful that we're seeing a dramatic decline in the mortality rates associated with COVID. We've previously shared that the unfortunate incremental mortality associated with COVID was approximately 7,000 in 2020. In 2021, both our patient mortality count and mortality count in the general population peaked in January. In the first quarter, incremental mortality associated with COVID was approximately 3,300 lives, with more than half of that number occurring in January, decreasing to approximately 600 in March. It is too early to provide an estimate for April, but we expect the results will improve versus March.
Shifting to full year outlook, our view of core operation performance for the year remains largely unchanged from our original guidance. However, now that the likelihood of some downside scenarios have decreased due to the trends I've previously mentioned, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $8.20 to $9 per share and our adjusted operating income guidance range to $1.75 billion to $1.875 billion. At the midpoint of our revised adjusted operating income guidance, this would represent approximately a 4% growth year-over-year. These revised ranges assume no further major disruption from the virus strain. 
My final topic is our ongoing commitment to environmental, social and governance matters or ESG. ESG has become a more significant topic of conversation in the investment community over the last couple of years, but these are not new areas of focus for us at DaVita. Our beliefs are incorporated into our stated vision of social responsibility that has 3 components: caring for our patients, caring for each other and caring for the world around us, including both our communities and our environment. DaVita continues to execute against this vision, providing top quality clinical care for our patients is at the core of what we do and because I've already spoken at length about our patients care and our efforts to vaccinate our patients, I would like to highlight a few of our achievements in caring for our teammates and caring for the world around us. 
I believe that fostering an environment rich in diversity and where we all feel that we belong is imperative to our culture and how we connect with each other and how we connect with our patients every day. And our commitment to cultivating diversity is evident throughout the organization. It starts with the Board of Directors, currently made up of 9 leaders, of whom 67% are diverse, including 4 women and 3 people of color. The diversity of our team extends to the leaders who run the core operations in our clinics of whom 52% are female and 27% are people of color. These results have been achieved through thoughtful and deliberate practices to create a diverse pipeline of talent.
In 2021, we published our first report on diversity and belonging, disclosing many of our company's diverse metrics and our ongoing efforts to cultivate a diverse organization in which everyone feels that he or she belongs. We also recently published our 14th Annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report and our first ESG Report. These reports disclose the progress we made in 2020 and lay out our ambitious ESG goals for 2025, including goals to reduce carbon emissions by 50% and to have vendors representing 70% of emissions set by climate change goals and to achieve engagement scores of 84% or higher among our teammate population. We are pleased with our progress to date on diversity and ESG. And as you can see by our goal, we have a lot more we hope to accomplish. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Joel.

Before we open up the line for Q&A, let me share some reflections. Over the past year, our teams and our business experienced unusual volatility and challenges due to the pandemic. We have weathered this very difficult period because of our dedication of our people, our scale, our innovation and our holistic platform and approach to patient care. As I look forward, our organization is stronger, our relationships with patients have deepened and I have even more resolve that our comprehensive Kidney Care platform is well positioned to deliver a best-in-class value proposition to our patients, physicians in hospitals and payer partners. 
Now let's open it up for Q&A.

Yes, Kevin, this is Javier. Thanks for the question. Let me just start off by saying that there is no spike or change in volume of renewals or anything like that. It's in its normal cycle. The conversations continue to be highly, highly aligned in trying to make sure that we add more value to the patients and help in the -- in their care continuum. So -- and the fact that we're doing more complicated contracts instead of a fee-for-service means that it takes longer. 
So as it relates to that, there's nothing sort of there, there to talk about because the outlook is kind of unchanged, and it's incorporated in our guidance.

What we disclosed last time as our expectation is in line. What we said was mid- to high 30% and markets roughly around 43%. So we're slightly below the rest of the market, still in the mid- to high 30s.

The percentage hasn't changed much because with NAG decreasing, but that segment of our business did increase, in particular, PD. PD grew around 4%, home hemodialysis, the HH part of it decreased. But net-net, that's the segment of the business that continues to grow. We think that there is appetite from the physician community and the patients to have more flexibility and freedom, and we are innovating and creating a lot of technology so that the patients feel more comfortable and more confident, more convenient being connected to our care site. So we do expect that the modalities will continue to grow.

Okay. Well, hopefully, the short means that it was pretty clear. Let me just say some closing comments. Q1 2021, in my mind and in my heart and in many of our caregivers will always be remembered and come with a lot of fulfillment for vaccinating literally tens of thousands of patients, in many instances not being dramatic or overstating it, literally life-sustaining. 
Second, the quarter financials are pretty straightforward. And pending a shift in the virus, we begin a path toward our historical normalization. And then lastly, our teams continue unwavering commitment toward caring and innovating to improve the lives of our patients. We thank you for your interest in DaVita, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Stay safe.