Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. Q3 was another strong quarter for DaVita in the face of a challenging operating environment. Despite another rise in COVID case counts across the United States and an increasingly challenging labor market, we continue to provide quality of care to our patients and execute on our strategic objectives. 
I want to begin my remarks by highlighting an exciting milestone. We surpassed 15% of our patients dialyzing at home. This means that approximately 30,000 of our patients received a clinical and lifestyle benefits of home dialysis. As we've explained before, to be sustainable provider of home dialysis, it requires a comprehensive infrastructure, including convenient and easy access to a home center for training sessions and recurring visits with our care teams. 
Our current network of centers provides that easy access, such that 80% of our dialysis patients live within 10 miles of the DaVita home center. In addition, we continue to innovate on our platform to help make home dialysis an easier choice for patients and their physicians and to extend the duration on home dialysis once patients have made that choice. 
A few highlights of note. First, we recently rolled out an enhanced education program along with supporting technology for our new patients to ensure that they receive timely and comprehensive modality education, which is tailored to each patient's individual needs. 
We also continue to work on additional enhancements and customization to our education process for different communities such as Black and Hispanic patients to improve their chance of selecting this modality and therefore, improve health equity; second, we developed a patient portal and telemedicine platform that supports remote monitoring and communications between DaVita caregivers, our nephrologist partners and our home patients; third, we developed a team of industry-leading home physicians to create an expert network, which works closely with practicing physicians and practice leaders to help them understand the benefits of home modalities, troubleshooting complex clinical issues and elevate their home clinical skills. 
Last, we're testing out our AI and other technology to optimize PD prescription, alerting physicians in real time when an update prescription might be needed. We will discuss the strategic advantages of our platform in greater detail on November 16 on our virtual Capital Markets Day. 
On to our Q3 results. Our business model continues to prove resilient in face of operating challenges. Q3 operating income grew approximately 9% year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share grew by more than 31% over the same period. 
However, the ongoing COVID pandemic continues to take its toll on too many human lives in the world at large and amongst our patients. Across the broad U.S. population, the current surge driven by the Delta variant appears to have peaked in early September with new case counts reaching approximately 2/3 of the peak during the past winter. 
Fortunately, within our dialysis patient population, the new case counts peaked approximately 1/3 of the winter peak and mortality rates were relatively lower, likely due to the vaccination rates amongst our patients. Incremental mortality increased from fewer than 500 in Q2 to approximately 2,000 in Q3. 
After quarter end, COVID infections continue to decline with our new case count during the week ending October 16, down by approximately 60% relative to the recent Delta peak. Switching to vaccines. Approximately 73% of our patients have now been vaccinated. In addition, we've started to roll out vaccine boosters for eligible patients in accordance with CDC guidelines. We're hopeful that any future COVID surges and breakthrough infections will be more limited relative to what we saw in the peak of last winter. 
Shifting to cost. Cost management continues to be strong in the quarter, although we are facing the same competitive dynamics in the market for health care workers as other companies have mentioned. Despite these challenges, I'm pleased with how our frontline leadership team has been responding. It has long been a key part of our mission to be the employer of choice. How we live this aspect of our mission has been evident throughout the pandemic, as our team has retained relentless focus on the safety and care of our patients as well as one another. 
As we have discussed in past calls, we continue to offer a safe and fulfilling work environment and have provided incremental pay and benefits to help our frontline caregivers during this challenging time. These efforts are ongoing. 
Given the current environment, we expect to provide our teammates with higher annual compensation increases than in typical years. This will put additional pressure on our cost structure, but we believe this will help us attract and retain the talent needed to achieve our long-term objectives. Just as critical and aligned with our mission and build on our history of investing in our people. 
Finally, I would like to say a few words about Integrated Kidney Care or IKC. Last quarter, we shared details on our planned investment in IKC and long-term opportunity this creates for patients, payers and our shareholders. At the end of Q3, we now have over 22,000 patients in some form of integrated care arrangements, representing $1.7 billion of value-based care contracts. 
Next year, we expect to approximately double the size of our IKC business, driven primarily by our participation in the federal government's new CKCC program. While it is still early and contingent on successful execution, we believe that the investing in IKC represents a new and potentially meaningful earnings opportunity for us in the coming years. 
This is another area we plan to discuss in detail at our upcoming virtual Capital Markets Day. With that, I will turn it over to Joel for more details on the quarter.

And then I'll just add one thing. As you're finishing your bridge, Justin, don't forget that there's a $60 million California ballot that's going to be in '22 -- sorry, yes, in '22, they won't be in '23. And that's another helpful number to bridge to.

Sure. Well, right now, what we're seeing is that more patients are reviewing their insurance and selecting MA. And so if you were to look at the broader population, I think the last number I saw in non-kidney is around 43% of patients are choosing MA. Our number is now close -- getting close to that. We're roughly around 41%. And so as MA grows, of course, that's likely to be a big feeder into the risk because those plans are coming to us and wanting to contract. 
As it relates to the government, we are in the final stages here of sizing the practices that are really going to enroll and therefore, attribute their patient. But our estimates have been both doubling roughly from what we have now, and we will give you information as it plays out.

Yes, yes. So more plans are wanting to have IKC-type structures. Correct.

Yes. I think it's specific by payer. It's quite customized. As we all know, payers have different strategies and different cadences as to where they put their focus. Again, the range of contracts and structures from anywhere from fee-for-service, pay to performance, gain share, shared risk, all the way to full risk, is basically customized by payer. 
So the cadence is really customized. We're ready to go. And so we're talking to them, and there's nothing really interesting to report on timing per se. It's steady and constant.

We're not forecasting any drastic change.

Sarah, I wish we could point to one, but the reality is, while it is more acute in certain geographies, it is very widespread and across most of our clinical teammates. And so it is wide and many geographies.

Let me grab the first part and then Joel can supplement. First, in case it's useful. Medicare has a basket update. And the way it's calculated is not looking at pure dialysis and what's happening to cost either retrospective or prospectively, rather, there's an economic firm that forecast inflation and then they subtract what they call a productivity adjustment, which, in essence, is a 10-year average that's trying to measure the efficiency of the economy. 
So as you can imagine, that's got some complexity. As it relates to the commercial business, the way it's done is usually through a negotiated way. And so every single one of them is negotiated individually and the timing tends to be effective whenever the contract was shy. And so if you think of a contract that was signed in February, usually, the annual escalator would be done in February of the next year. That's the most traditional way of doing it. 
Of course, there can be other ways that have a pay-for-performance or other mechanisms. But in general, that's how that works. As it relates to your second question on CKCC, the short answer is we don't know. For right now, it's a CMMI pilot. And so it's authorized for 2 years. Of course, the intent to try it out and see if it's effective and if it works for the system and if we're doing well by the patients. And then I would assume that then Medicare would try to extend it. We try to think of a world where hopefully, you get to somewhere in that 30,000 patients in one way or another being through MA or a CMMI vehicle, but we will see.

Well, let me just grab the high level and then Joel, you can supplement with numbers. The best way to think of the ESCO is actually not that they were profitable, but what non-dialysis savings were actually quite good. But then, of course, you have to apply the operating model and then you have to load the G&A. And now in the models that we have, we also have to share with partners. 
And so that's how the numbers sort of trickles down. And you have to get to scale. And so a good way of thinking is that once you do all that and you go through all those iterations, you probably will get to a low single-digit OI number. And depending if you're grabbing non-dialysis, I would think of it somewhere in the 3-ish percent or so. If you're thinking of the entire number, it's 1.5% or so because it's roughly half dialysis and half the other non-dialysis costs. But in the ESCOs, when you fully load them, we didn't make money, rather people were measuring whether it was effective at reducing nondialysis costs.

No. I think there's been a very much an appreciation during the pandemic that people want to keep their insurance and they value it. And so it's been very resilient and constant.

Most of them are fixed, Lisa, some of them, you have to earn your way to them so they can fluctuate year-over-year depending on performance, but most of them are fixed.

Correct. Sometimes you could have, of course, something that's linked to an index or something like that, but in general, it's defined and understood.

Thank you, Michelle. Well, we've covered a lot. So let me just try to summarize as cleanly as I can, 3 takeaways. Number one, our core business is strong; number two, 2022, we'll have a lot of temporary OI decreases that will correct back to historical OI in '23; and then point three, our teams are working really hard on innovation to deliver on the integrated care dream. We look forward to discussing our strategy in more detail on November 16 during our Capital Markets Day and talk to you then. Be well, everyone.