Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining the call today to discuss our 2020 performance and thoughts on 2021. For DaVita, 2020 showcased our caregivers and their commitment to patients with kidney disease. COVID created challenges that we could never have imagined 1 year ago. These challenges, clinical, operational and financial, led to opportunities for us to harness the strength of our teams and our platforms to support our patients and our community. 
When I reflect on the year, 3 things particularly stand out. First, our caregivers team's focus on health and safety of our patients; second, the creativity and innovation showed by our organization to adapt to the changing landscape; and third, the love, empathy and dedication of our teams to each other and to our patients.
Despite the good work in 2020, the challenges of COVID remain. The latest search has been particularly difficult for our patients and our care teams. The disproportionate impact COVID has on patients with underlying health issues and the elderly continues to manifest itself in the dialysis community. The higher rates of patient mortality that we talked about last quarter unfortunately accelerated in November and continued through January. We estimate that our patient census at the end of 2020 was approximately 7,000 less than what it would have been otherwise absent COVID.
As we look to the future, some leading indicators such as fewer new COVID cases, fewer hospitalizations and the recent vaccination efforts give us hope.
This leads me to our clinical focus on vaccines. Over the past few months, we've been engaging with the federal government with state agencies and the CDC to identify ways for our caregivers and patients to gain access to the vaccine. We are uniquely positioned to administer vaccines safely and efficiently in our clinics, given our infrastructure, our clinical expertise delivering flu vaccines each year and our ability to monitor patients' health each week. Our conversations with the CDC and federal government are ongoing, and we're getting set up in their direct vaccine distribution system to be ready to start the moment we get the green light.
In states like Minnesota and several large counties across California, where we have been able to secure direct allocation, vaccination rates are as high as 70%, both because we have access but also because general acceptance rates are higher when patients see other patients receiving the vaccine. Across much of the rest of the country, the logistics are signing up and the access at separate vaccine sites has been challenging for many patients. Therefore, our ultimate goal remains to obtain direct allocation from the federal government.
Now onto our financial performance. Despite the challenges of COVID, we significantly outperformed our original financial guidance for 2020. We knew it would be a tough year to deliver profit growth given the headwinds from calcimimetic revenue decline and the cost of fighting in the ballot initiative in California. When COVID hit, the challenge to deliver growth only increased as COVID created significant uncertainty on our financial results. Despite this uncertainty, we grew our adjusted operating income by double digits, absent the impact of calcimimetics, ballot cost and net COVID impact.
We delivered growth in adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of 34% and generated free cash flow from continuing operations of almost $1.2 billion, while returning $1.4 billion to our shareholders through our share buyback. In Q4 specifically, we experienced a net COVID impact of approximately $60 million which was higher than we expected. Through the first 3 quarters of the year, the net COVID impact was reduced as the increased costs associated with COVID were offset by lower benefits, travel and G&A spend. In Q4, we saw an accelerated impact of higher mortality coming out of the holiday season, combined with fewer offsets in benefits and G&A expenses. The result was a negative COVID impact that was roughly $35 million higher than what we anticipated, bringing our Q4 earnings below the guidance range we provided last quarter. Excluding this increased COVID impact in Q4, our earnings would have been in the middle of our guidance range.  
As we look ahead to the coming year, our guidance range will be $7.75 to $8.75 per share, which incorporates our expected impact of COVID and demonstrates our belief in the underlying earnings growth of our business. We believe that our core performance in 2020 creates a solid foundation for us to deliver on the long-term financial goals.
Before I hand it over to Joel to cover our quarter and our outlook in greater detail, let me touch briefly on our recent Medicare Advantage enrollment.
As a reminder, 2021 is the first year in which existing dialysis patients have the option to enroll in the Medicare Advantage plan. Previously, MA coverage for ESRD had been limited only to patients already enrolled in MA plans before kidney failure or to certain patients in MA Special Needs Plans. By the end of 2020, the percentage of our Medicare patients who were enrolled in MA plans was approaching 30%. And based on our preliminary enrollment data, we now expect our percentage of MA patients among Medicare patients to be in the mid-30s in 2021, which is still below the national average.
As you would expect, the new enrollment was  predominantly for Medicare patients previously without secondary coverage because these patients will benefit from the expanded benefit of MA and the cap on out-of-pocket expenses.
The growth in the ESRD MA population creates opportunities for us to build additional momentum toward value-based care that we've been investing. This is an exciting trend, and we're eager to lead the way with our payer and nephrology partners to deliver comprehensive care to our patients, which we believe will help lead to better clinical outcomes and lower overall cost of care. Our 2021 guidance range reflects our expected cost and investments to build our model of care for our value-based agreement.
Now let me hand it over to Joel.

Andrew, let me grab that. The reality is that we have a lot of different structures. So if you look at just historically, we had the Special Need Plans and then we added the ESCO models, which were the CMMI models, those are now winding down. And then, of course, CMMI came up with new models. So in that, we have the 4 choices that CMMI has, and then we had the executive order. So that's on the government side, there's a fair amount of innovation on the value base.
On the commercial side, we, of course, are now doing more with our MA partners. And so we structured anything from shared savings to something that looks a little more like a full cap. And so as you can see, the menu is extensive. And the more important thing to grab out of it is that we're committed to moving to value-based, and we're taking bite sizes to make sure that we can deliver on all the commitments that we're making.
So that's why we're investing to make sure that we can deliver on whatever way the format comes. Is that helpful, Andrew?

We do, but that number is going to fluctuate dramatically because of the filing of all these government CMMI products. And so we are not sure how that whole process is going to play out since they start in April and how many patients are going to enroll. So that will be the bulk and the largest size of it.

I appreciate it. The short answer is no, because the most important thing is that we have the modality of choice for the patient and the physician that think is appropriate for the right care. And so that is first and foremost and the first thing that is considered.
Secondly, of course, if there is an area that's severely impacted, we are looking at that to see what capacity is in those centers. And so we're taking a close look at it. But as you can imagine, our centers are needed in most of these communities, and it's something that we have to be very responsible of because if you have mortality, there's still other patients there. And as you know, for a very long time, we've carried several hundred centers that have lost money. And then it's a very difficult decision, one that we don't take lightly, whether we close the center or not.

Yes. The patient vaccine rate is out and the teammate vaccine rate is actually starting to get into the 40%. And we are working, as I said in the remarks, very diligently with the government because our hope is that we can get direct allocation. If we were to use the flu -- the normal flu vaccine as an example, we get close to 90% across the entire cohort. And we do it in a very, very quick time period. And so we're making a case to the government. But of course, as you know, and you've read, there's a lot of demand in a lot of different groups. And so we're trying to break through that line.

Kevin, maybe let me pull up just a little because it might not be clear what kind of investments we're making for value based. And so there's 2 categories that I think of. One is sort of G&A stuff, software, model of care for non-ESRD things like diabetes, mental health, end of life, those type of models that would scale in different kinds of framework. And then there's a start-up cost for each individual contract that has a custom elements to it, so care models, health assessments and other things that are specific to each contract. So hopefully, that helps.

And Lisa, let me grab the second part of that, which is on home modality. The short answer is we have a lot of excitement on the home modality. Because it really enhances the quality of life. And so our physicians and our patients are responding quite well. And we are innovating a lot so that our patients, when they're home, they have the confidence and security as if they were in the center. And so we're developing a lot of tools like remote monitoring and telehealth and other things, so our patients can feel that security of doing dialysis at home.
It does continue to grow in a significant way. And as it relates to getting the patients earlier and what does that have impact on mix, the short answer is that, that's work in progress. We continue to work with our physician practices to make sure that they're educating the patients, and then we've developed world-class -- free to anyone in the community, to access training so that you can know your modality selection. And the hope is that, of course, you make your selection early enough so that you can have the transition without that big spike or without any depression or mental issues as you acclimate to dialysis.

Sure. Let me grab that one. This is Javier. I think the great outcome of the Humana negotiation is that we both ended up with our goals accomplished. Both Humana and DaVita wanted to have -- make sure that more patients had access, that we were innovating and making sure that we were creating what we call the win-win arrangement that had better outcomes at a reduced cost. That, unfortunately, has a lot more complexity and takes a lot longer because you have to do a lot of analytics to make sure we're set up to be a win-win.
In general, the MA book, as we told you last time, is mostly contracted and has been for quite some time. The timing of the Humana contract just happened to be at the end of the year, and it was -- obviously, because of its size, it's more complicated, but we're very happy with how it ended up, and we're looking forward to a multiyear relationship that delivers on this value-based contract.

The big assumption there, Whit is, of course, if the mortality is in the front end of the year, then it continues to play out, which is very different than what happened in 2020, which happened to be the spike ended up in the back end of the year. And so analytically, of course, that is on the premise that the vaccines work and that the fourth quarter and the third quarter are -- look more normal than where we are now.

It's a great question, John. We've been asking, and on the flu, we end up somewhere in the high 80s, low 90s. And so this is obviously a very unique experience they're going through, and they've seen what's going on with COVID. Our data shows us right now slightly lower than the normal flu and then the question becomes, once you have the vaccine, if you can make it convenient and you can get the momentum, will that number go back to the normal flu? And the short answer is we don't know. But right now, roughly 40% of our labor force in the field has been vaccinated.

Well, John, I really appreciate your empathy for this team because their commitment and resilience and just dedication has been just incredible and an inspiration to the rest of us. But no, they're actually in the thick of things. This spike in the end of the year, beginning of this year was steeper and more acute than anyone would anticipate. And so they've been working, working, working and trying to keep everybody safe.
So the fatigue is real, the emotional drain and the attachment that they have to our patients and seeing this mortality that we've talked about is an emotional and a heavy, heavy thing to deal with. And so I think that this is going to have consequences for the entire caregiving system for years to come.

So let me grab it. And then, Joel, you can supplement because I'm not sure I understand exactly where you want to go. But at the end of the day, I think the answer is -- my -- the 2/3, we're going to address some of it in our centers ourselves in areas where we think we can add a lot of value. And then we're going to deal with providers that we have a lot of trust with in other areas and so I think it's going to be a hybrid, and we're learning a lot, and we've learned a lot in our ESCOs as to where we have strength.
So for example, if you were to do a health assessment in the center, when you have a patient for 4 hours, you can be quite thorough, and you can have the systems to make sure that you do the appropriate therapy to intervene, and so you get the twofer there. And other areas of health care, as you know, the challenge is getting a hold of the patient, number one; and then number two, actually doing something about it, intervening. And so we do have, let's call it, a strategic advantage in the access to the patient. Did that answer your question?

I think I understand your question. Most of the time in the contract...

Yes. I got you now. Most of the time, the contract assumes that you get the payer's network, and you're basically going after utilization and better care, so you're trying to reduce utilization as opposed to price.

It's an interesting proposition. I mean, at the end of the day, I think it's unlikely, but we would be open to explore it because if someone upstream takes the risk and the example you laid out in direct contracting, we would be receiving Medicare fee-for-service in that example of direct contracting. So unless they literally said, "Hey, because of your strategic advantage of actually spending so much time with the patient, we think that you can partake with us." That would be very interesting.
Of course, the other way to look at it is, can we be the direct contracting entity. And so we will be looking at all these things and see how they play out. But that's where it stands now.

I think, in general, the plans have paid a lot of attention to it, but they always have. And so it's a discussion, and the conversation has really gotten more into a shift of can we do value-based. But the short answer is that we didn't have that many at-bats because most of the contracts were longer term, so yet to be seen.

Yes, is the short answer. And everybody is new at this, meaning the plans are, and we're working through what that means and what the implications are of going upstream. And then, of course, there's some regulatory restrictions to deal with. But at the end of the day, we're all trying to manage the patient as soon as possible to make sure that, that transition is as smooth as possible.

Yes. Thanks, Lisa. And let me step up a couple of feet in case people haven't been tracking it. There is a network adequacy demand on MA plans and for dialysis patients, there was a shift in an objective measure that had time and distance. And then basically, they dropped the objective criteria and made it more subjective than just saying you have to have an adequate network. The update on that is that there was basically a technical reason and then that the case is no longer active right now.
As we look into whether we and community and patients will pursue the next one, we are actually waiting to make sure that we have harm. And so we're waiting to see if a plan actually doesn't abide by the spirit of making sure that there's adequacy. Right now, we have not experienced any of that, and we hope that we don't. And -- but that's the status of the update.

Correct.

Sure. A couple of things. I think we stayed consistent to the discipline that we have outlined on capital markets, which is basically we would be very, very diligent on where we could add clinical value, where we had the right to scale, where we had a competent management team, and we thought, from a compliance perspective, it was a place where we could operate safely and that we had capital efficiency.
The U.K. has been going from a government-led program to a private, and it is a very interesting market where it is predictable, and we understand it. And so we won a tender, and we think that the returns will be good.

Okay. Let me close off with some comments here. Number one, our team's commitment and dedication to the safety and health of our patients is absolutely unwavering. It is really sad and unfortunate that our patients age in comorbid conditions make them significantly more vulnerable to COVID. We are going to work diligently to get as many vaccinated as soon as possible.
Number two, we shared with you today some of the dynamics that the pandemic has had on our company, on our patients and on our teams, I hope it was helpful. Of course, the ranges will follow the trajectory of this very unpredictable pandemic.
And then lastly, absent the pandemic impact, which is very hard to say that sentence because everything here starts with the pandemic, our business plan has shown resiliency and in line with our multiyear outlook that we discussed at capital markets. So I end with hopefully some optimism that I, like you, hope that this vaccine can move us past this stage. Thank you for our interest in DaVita, and we'll talk soon, stay safe.