Thank you, Jim, and thank you for joining the call today. And as always, I will start with the clinical highlights to remind us that clinical is at the heart of what we do here at DaVita. As we talked about at Capital Markets, over 50% of our patients begin dialysis treatment through the hospital setting, which is bad for the patient and expensive for the system. We're working hard to lower the number by helping the people better manage their chronic kidney disease through 2 efforts.
First, Kidney Smart, which is DaVita's community education program that provides free education on what the kidneys do, diet, medication and treatment options, including home modalities and transplant. I'm pleased to report that we have educated over 180,000 people through Kidney Smart, and we're making a difference. Based on our tracking, we know that Kidney Smart education individuals who transition to ESRD have better clinical outcomes both during and after the transition. Additionally, 32% of Kidney Smart-educated individuals begin dialysis on a home modality, which is almost 5x better than the general population.
Our other key effort to improve chronic kidney care is our new nephrology-led entity, the Nephrology Care Alliance, which will enable nephrologists to come together with DaVita to improve the care coordination for patients. In this model, DaVita will create patient education and predictive analytics, while the physicians will contribute clinical expertise to help the patients slow kidney disease progression and start on-home modality. These capabilities are important in both fee-for-service environment and as we continue to grow our value-based care arrangements.
We're off to a good start. Two supporting points: first, over 500 nephrologists have joined the alliance; and second, Dr. Leslie Wong from the Cleveland Clinic has agreed to join DaVita to lead the way. 
Next, a few comments on our Q3 performance and results. Our adjusted operating income results continue to outperform our original estimates at the beginning of the year, and we have raised our 2019 adjusted operating income guidance for the second time this year. Calcimimetics has contributed to our OI performance, and we have delivered a great outcome. In addition to resulting in positive financial results, our clinical and operational protocols have both improved health outcomes and driven savings to the health care system. While we expect at least one more quarter of positive economics, we continue to expect operating income from calcimimetics to be near breakeven over the long term.
Regarding our financial goal of capital efficient growth, our discipline on cost and capital continues with our goal of margin stability. We have delivered strong performance on labor productivity all year while actively managing our capital expenditures spend down. These efforts have generated strong cash flow, a lot of which we have deployed toward share buyback.
Now let me comment on some longer-term issues and developments since our last earnings call. First up, California. We're disappointed that Governor Newsom signed AB 290 into law despite clear evidence of the harm this union-backed legislation will cause for many of our most vulnerable patients in California. Because of the law, the American Kidney Fund has made it clear it will have to cease operation -- operating its patient assistance program in California as of January 2020. To remind you, this will leave nearly 4,000 low-income, primarily minority patients, without financial support that they rely upon to afford health insurance. We, along with other kidney care communities, filed today a legal challenge to AB 290 in federal court in California because we believe it violates the United States Constitution.
Also in California, we recently learned that the SEIU-UHW has introduced another ballot initiative, which could be voted on in November 2020 election. You may recall that, in 2018, they sponsored a Proposition 8, which was rejected by the majority of California voters. The union has until April to gather enough signatures to put the proposition on the ballot. We will oppose this new ballot initiative, which is simply another attempt to inflict harm on providers, physicians and patients and we believe would add significant unnecessary cost to the system and the taxpayers.
Now on to more constructive development. Two weeks ago, CMMI released application for 4 voluntary integrated care models for CKD and ESRD. I won't get into the significant detail today, but let me make a few points. These models are nephrologist-centric. The models are complex, and we will work to educate the nephrologists to help them evaluate if these models make sense for their practice. For us, the models appear quite challenging in their current form, and they will require significant investments that are unlikely to move the needle on the economics. In partnership with the community, we will continue to share the feedback with the government on ways to improve the model design and quality outcomes for patients.
Finally, it's been a busy 6 months. And as many of you heard, in capital markets, we laid out strategies for long-term success, including a new set of financial metrics and goals. I'll be the first to acknowledge that we have more work to do to achieve our longer-term objectives. And yet, as I interact with our caregivers, I'm even more confident that we're on a path to improve kidney care for our patients.
In closing, we also announced today that Peter Grauer, the Lead Independent Director on our Board since 2003 and a member of our Board since 1994 after he took Total Renal Care public, plans to retire from the Board effective at our annual meeting in 2020. After helping to lead the Board through the Chief Executive transition and the sale of DMG, he believes it is now time to step down. We are forever grateful for his tremendous leadership and role in our organization.
Now on to Joel, who will provide additional details on the quarter.

There's a couple of things that we look at, Kevin. But in essence, what we're doing is we're monitoring that the right shifts and the right capacity is going online in our centers and that our admissions execution are -- we're monitoring the demand into our centralized mission, and that's looking to stabilize right there.

Pito, this is Javier. The mix is roughly 12% PD and a little below that, 2% on HHD. So we're a little below the 14% if you combine the 2 modalities. The PD is growing at a nice healthy trend, and it's similar to what it was before we had the shortage. And so there is clearly an interest in making sure that the patients go to the right modality, but we've seen this in years in the past.

LeAnne, do you want to comment on that?

Yes, it's going to be very interesting to see how it plays out and then, of course, there are different categories. In some instances, the patients will be able to get funding in some other way. And in some instances, they're going to lose their coverage. And so we're trying to do math around it, and that's why we try to be helpful with the range that we provided and we embedded in our guidance. But the reality is, is that we've never been in a situation like this, and that's why the range is a bit wide.

Not that we are aware of. Of course, we are pursuing all options. Some might qualify for Medi-Cal and other things. So that's why the math is a little tricky and again, the range is a bit wide.

You're directionally -- sorry, Gary, you're directionally correct on the math that you said. A couple things to call out as well is, as our volumes decrease, we did a great job of adjusting, and I think we explained the interdependencies between sometimes having labor and volume and the correlation of managing both of those pieces. So we did go up over 2Q and we do -- with what we're seeing, we expect it to go up even further in Q4 as we're seeing the hiring numbers and the training costs for the fourth quarter.

The reality, Justin, is that we had a bit of a disruption with the shortage of supply, so it's hard to connect. But pre-supply shortage, we were running around the same rates that we are now, which is in the low double digits. So anywhere between 12% -- sorry, 10% and 13% on PD. The HHD has been more in the flattish range. So the people that fall out are roughly replaced with the newcomers. Did that answer your question?

Well, they're different than they were a couple years ago because we had the shortage. And then, of course, you have to staff up and you got to tell people that you're ready and you got to get the market to be confident that you can supply it, et cetera. And so we are actually quite energized by how quickly the market reacted and how much interest there is. And again, I think, with what we said in Capital Markets, it's also not looking like there's going to be transformational but rather evolutionary change.

Yes, thanks, John. In general, I think you've stated we had some issues on understanding what happened with the exchanges in relation to our industry and the economics of the dialysis industry. I've gone on a CEO road show with several of the largest payers and continue to reach out to many to make sure that, a, they understand the dynamics and the framework that we have and how unique it is. Two, I want to make sure that they're clear that we are very into long-term sort of value arrangements and that we are open to being creative in a new structure, that we are not married to some kind of fee-for-service old structure. That we are confident that we are the best to be the primary care for our patients because of the amount of time they spend with us and all the comorbid conditions that we can impact, and that we can structure something that is both good for the patient, good for the payers and good for us. And so that's why we're excited to build the capabilities of integrated care.
That message is resonating. But as you know, it takes 2 to dance, and it's a complicated systems arrangements and math to make sure that you get holistic cost across a commercial population, et cetera, to establish benchmarks and trends so they can do good risk arrangement. So we're up and running. I think the conversations will take years. So you're not going to wake up one day and say, "Wow. There was a tectonic shift." I might be wrong on that, but it looks like it will be a slower transition but the payers are reacting quite well to it.

Yes, our physicians are actually quite reasonable in that what they want to do is make sure they do what's right for the patient. And they really worry about what's right for the patient and what's right for the system, and they're very independent in their nature and in their thinking. And so what we have to do is make sure that we put the right science and the right specifics and the right analytics so they can train and encourage the right patients to go home. And once we do that, the doctors are quite onboard to do whatever is right for the patient and the system. So we're working on that. And of course, we have thousands of them, so it takes some time. And as you said, some are more bullish, and some would want to wait to see how it plays out.

We are and the industry is actually very well aligned, including MedPAC. So there's a lot of comments out there that try to make sure that people understand how these work. If I were to use -- something to be useful for you, Matt, is they are a little like -- the frameworks are a little like the ESCOs and then more complicated. And so we now have experience on how surprising it is and, let's call it, difficult to understand how and what you're going to get paid because a benchmark changes and there's little visibility to it. So imagine adding all that risk, but now you have a physician practice instead of a well-capitalized corporation. And so a physician practice would have to be out-of-pocket and not know exactly what its cash flows would be. And so that's really an uncomfortable position for a small business. And so we have a lot of more detail, but in general, I think that's a good, healthy way to think about it.

Well, I want to close out by thanking all of you. We will continue to work hard for you and for our patients. Talk to you next quarter.