Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter financial results. First, I want to start, as I did last quarter, by acknowledging and thanking all of our teammates, especially the thousands of clinicians who provide our patients with life-sustaining care each and every day. The past several months have been amongst the finest and most exceptional chapters in our history, reflecting the compassion and the dedication of our teammates. 
The company's strong performance this quarter demonstrates the benefits of our patient-centric comprehensive kidney care platform, beginning with CKD all the way through ESRD and transplant. The  continuity of care that we offer our patients allow us to meet the patient where they are through offering modality options in the hospital, in the patient's home or in the dialysis center. We're now nearly 6 months into this pandemic. And if you were to walk into one of our centers, you'd still would experience a high level of energy and intensity amongst our teammates as they provide for the health and safety of our patients. 
We have supplemented our effective infection control policies by conducting COVID test for patients and teammates, both within our lab as well as with special partnerships with external labs. 
These physician and clinician-led efforts have enabled us to maximize the number of patients treated outside of the hospital, which, of course, is good for patients and has helped reduce the burden on hospitals. While we cannot know for certainty what lies ahead, I can say that we feel prepared to continue our work to keep our patients and our teammates safe. 
We had a strong financial second quarter. As a result, we're raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year by $0.50 to $6.25 to $6.75. Our strong operational performance came despite investments and expenses we incurred in response to COVID, offset by savings associated with COVID in the form of reduced travel and health benefit expenses, amongst other items, which Joel will explain in more detail.
Today, I'd like to cover 4 additional items. Let me start off by talking about treatment volumes and commercial mix, 2 of the largest uncertainties associated with the pandemic that we identified last quarter. Our patient census has been negatively impacted primarily by COVID-related deaths, delayed-by-patient starts on dialysis, and we expect our treatment volumes for the remainder of the year to fall below the low end of the range of 1.5% to 2.5% provided in September. 
The patients that unfortunately passed away due to COVID were primarily among our older population and therefore, were more frequently covered by government insurance. As a result, thus far, we have not seen a material negative impact on our commercial mix, although with only 3 months of actual data on job losses, any assessment of our commercial patient population and their ability to access private versus government health insurance are preliminary. What we do know is that our private pay census fared better than expected in the quarter as our patients worked hard to maintain their employment and their insurance coverage. While the long-term impact of COVID remain uncertain, some natural offset exist, and we believe in the resiliency of our business model. 
For the second topic, I'd like to share some exciting developments in our home business. As you know, we start from a leadership position in home with approximately 14% of our patient population on home modality and more than 25% utilizing a home modality at some point during their care journey. Our home growth continues to outpace our in-center dialysis growth by more than 5x and during this pandemic, we've seen a slight uptick in interest from patients wanting to dialyze at home. We now have over 28,000 home patients, who received training, education, lab drug and medication at over 1,750 programs across the United States. 
In fact, 95% of dialysis patients live within 30 miles of a DaVita home program. 
The scale of our home business is the result of many years of investment that we have made in capabilities, education and technology to help give patients and physicians the option to choose from dialysis if it is right for them. Let me provide a couple of examples. 
First, several years ago, we launched our home remote monitoring platform, which enables daily monitoring of vitals for approximately 5,000 of our high-risk patients. In addition, early last year, we released a robust home telehealth platform, which now has a user base of over 19,000 patients. More recently, we've continued building out these platforms to provide patient support features like virtual disease management program, virtual patient support groups and capabilities that promote continuity of care and support return home therapy for hospitalized patients. We believe that these capabilities have allowed us to significantly increase the frequency of home patient touches to continue to enhance the quality of care and to help extend the amount of time home patients spend on the therapy. The fact that we already had telehealth in place has also served as a significant advantage in our ability to keep these patients and their caregivers connected during the pandemic. 
A second example we're excited about is the launch of our artificial intelligence system that helps identify PD patients that may be at risk for hospitalization, which is one of the largest causes of home patients switching to in-center dialysis. 
Home growth and innovation continue to be amongst my top priorities. And we continue to pilot many new programs and ideas around the country to help support patients for whom home dialysis is the best modality. We also believe that our full suite of modality offerings enable us to help patients seamlessly access the right modality at the right time in their dialysis journeys. Our patients can continue to benefit from our national footprint, our physician partnerships and our unique capabilities as we seek to lead the industry in growing home. 
My third topic is calcimimetic. As many of you know, we're now moving into the next phase of calcimimetic reimbursement as CMS proposed, including calcimimetic in the Medicare bundle payment in the recently issued proposed payment rule for 2021. We believe that the TDAPA period gave CMS sufficient time to observe utilization and pricing data, especially in the light of the mix of IV therapy and oral therapy. Over the last couple of years, our physicians and our clinical teams developed patient-centric protocols to achieve our high-quality standards for care, which in this instance also drove down the cost for health care system because the protocol resulted in a higher mix of low-cost generic drugs and a lower mix of higher cost IV alternative. 
We believe that the new rule will result in similar economics for calcimimetics in 2021 as we have guided in 2020, which will help to offset the underfunding of the remaining Medicare bundle. 
My last topic is Medicare Advantage. As many of you are aware, in 2016, Congress enacted the 21st Century CARES Act to provide all Medicare eligible patients with the option to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans, including all ESRD patients. 
We believe that the ending of the barriers that have prevented active dialysis patients from enrolling in Medicare Advantage will be a positive development for many patients, providers and managed care organizations, as this new rule will expand the opportunity to provide coordinated care to patients who suffer from multiple chronic conditions. Unfortunately, CMS' recent ruling that loosen MA network adequacy requirements for only dialysis services calls into question the breadth of the choices available to dialysis patients. There are many factors that will shape the eventual enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans. And although we have no clear visibility, we do continue to believe that enrollment in MA plans by ESRD patients will be gradual over the coming year. 
Now I'll pass it on to Joel to provide an update on our Q2 results and to discuss our financial outlook.

Pito, let me grab that. And Joel, if you want to supplement it, and you had several pieces if I miss anything, please come at me again. The short answer is we don't know what the implications are. What we do know is that from a network adequacy, there used to be an objective standard that had time and distance and now it's subjective standard. It might mean nothing. It might mean that the plan's just now attest and life goes on as it did in the past. It also might mean that some plans might get aggressive and not have adequate standards in networks. So it's too early to tell. But from our perspective, it is pulling out and discriminating against the ESRD patients, because if you don't have the proper network adequacy, you, in essence, are discouraging enrollment. And so from our perspective, it's just an unusual thing, and it goes against the patient's rights. We waited for a very long time to have the ESRD patients be on equal footing to everyone, and they deserve the right to pick MA just like anyone else. And so that was a disappointing part. 
As it relates to negotiations, as you said, we have multiyear contracts with most of our MA plans. We are working with them. We think that we, combined, can work well together, can work on MLR and could do really good things for the patients as it relates to coordination of care. But it is too early to tell as not many contracts have occurred. Did I miss any of your question?

Yes. I mean that's part of the problem. But right now, it goes into some kind of subjective attestation that they have proper network. And from our perspective, of course, what we're doing is keeping our radar up to make sure that the spirit of the law is adhered to. But we don't know how it will be enforced.

I think it's fair to say that. Yes, on any given year, you have renegotiations, but it's the same every year. Once in a while, they overlap. But it is a fair assumption. At this juncture, of course, we still have the back end of the year to do negotiations. And there is a big appetite from us and from the plans on trying to do something that is useful and creative to the system so that we take more risk and provide higher end services to the patients. So we're still in the conversations. We'll see how it pans out.

Yes. I think the reality, Kevin, is that everybody is trying to do something constructive as it relates to this opportunity for the patients to have coordinated care. And so the plans and us are trying to see what risk appetite they have, what can our systems do, what can their system do, but both sides have big appetite to do something that's useful for this patient population. And so we'll see how that pans out over time.

I think it will take a little longer to play out because of the interplay of expirations and when contracts come up, coupled with the fact that I don't know how COVID is going to impact negotiations. So if I had to guess, I think it's going to take a bit longer than that.

And Kevin, I'll just add one point in case it's not clear for some. The reason why we don't have a precise number, and Joel will give you a bit of a range, is because CMS is going to adjust the amount with Q4 ASP, and we don't have an exact number, we have an estimate.

Kevin, I'd just like to state one thing, an overarching important part that we've learned, and that is that in talking with our commercial patient, it has really reinforced how hard our patients work to keep their commercial insurance and how much they value it. And so that has been an absolute clear takeaway from this period.

Yes. Let me grab that one. The -- as you would expect with any population and anything new, the information flow is wide in range from the people that are up to speed to the people that are completely uninformed on it. And what we're working really hard to do is to have totally unbiased and objective training that is customized to each person. So you can look at it from your personal perspective, because what's good insurance for one person might not be good insurance for the other, depending on what you have as a secondary coverage or what your family needs are or where you are in your life. And so our main objective is for people to have a balanced perspective, that are aware of their choices and actually gets them to pick what's right for them. And the knowledge base is pretty much all over the place.

Yes, you're absolutely correct, Justin. So maybe I was answering a different question, which is, I think what I was answering is, well, you understand the sustainability of there's going to be macro changes. In the short-term networks, I don't anticipate anything major changing. I could be surprised, but I don't anticipate that. What I was answering is how will it change over time. And I thought that by then, we would not see how it will behave over an extended period of time.

Yes. I mean, said differently, you have some add backs, but you won't have a significant part of the portfolio or anything. And so that will play over time. And so you are correct in your assumptions that in the fall, we will have clarity. But as you know, you could be in the network in the fall, and then a month or 2 later, you can be out of network. So I don't know how much you can bank on that fall in network statement holding for the future.

Yes. Joel, the only thing I would add to that is there's a little sequestration in there as well.

I looked at the question you're asking, we don't disclose it in detail. But I think what you're trying to get to directionally is, do we have a big spike in COBRA that in 18 months or in some date in the future, that will come to roost. Is that fair where you're going?

Yes. I think what I would say is what we said earlier, which is -- and I think it's consistent to what you're saying. Yes, our business relies on that patient population in an incredible way. We have been very impressed with the passion that our patients have to keep their commercial coverage in one way or another. And as Joel said, there's a big distinction between furloughed versus permanent job loss, and we have seen that a good chunk of our patients that are working that were furloughed are back to work. And then out of the ones that had permanent job loss, which the number, again, was less than we anticipated, many have had alternative coverage. I think that covers the whole spectrum there.

Yes. It's a great question, one that we've talked about. In general, what we try to do, and we've done a decent job is to make sure that we're talking to both Republican and Democrats because our issue goes across both sides. I mean the biggest change that we can think of as it relates to the policy, is probably one of tax and whether they're able -- if there is a Biden administration, whether you also have the Senate or not will, obviously, be a big driver of tax policy. 
As it relates to health care policy, as you know, it is a -- as you said, a much bigger lift to change, and we will, of course, be a part of it. But what we want to do is continuing to push and advocate for our patients and for integrated care, regardless of who's in the White House.

Yes. There's a lot going on, and we're very proud, Gary, of the cost management situation. So let me try to be as helpful as possible because there are several things. First, a clarification, yes, on our health care expenditures, our teammates, just like everybody else, used less benefits on nonessential care. So that is one. Number two, our caregivers' sense of purpose was really passionate and so therefore, we had less turnover because people felt that sense of obligation to take care of our patients. And so the combination of economic need and appreciating a job, while so many people were furloughed and lay off and the sense of commitment to our patients had less training expense. 
And then the last thing that I would say is that also there were some of our teammates that were COVID positive. And so what we ended up doing is having to have basically in some places like New York and others, where staffing was really at a premium. And so when you cohorted centers, et cetera, which is what you're alluding to earlier, sometimes those shifts were not as inefficient as we anticipated because those shifts tended to be more full than once anticipated. And so if you have a full COVID positive shift, even though it's cohorted, it's not inefficient. When it's really inefficient is when you have 1 or 2 patients in it. And so the cumulative math compounded over the quarter, and we were very diligent in trying to manage it all.

Yes. We didn't break it out by payer class. But one of the things that we are very happy about the fact that missed treatments went down during this period, meaning that our patients who are taking the virus very seriously, they were taking care of themselves, and then we were able to take care of them outside of the hospital. And so I would have to say that the math -- the way the math works, that it was across all payer classes, but I don't know that with certainty because I didn't divide it by payer class. But in general, we were very happy to see that hospitalizations went down for our chronic population in a significant way.

So I think your question is the way that we get our patients change, meaning if there's less crashers into the hospital and going into our center first. And the short answer is that we have not seen a change, a noticeable change in the way that our patients come.

Yes. Kevin, why don't I give you a little of the variables? And then if you want to attest the assumptions, you can because there is an interplay of several variables. And so in essence, what would happen in the quarter is mortality increase. And as we've told you, it skewed toward the more older population. The acute volume -- the acute treatments went down and that's obviously, in our mind, because of nonessential care being delayed. So we think that, that is absolutely COVID related. 
The incidents of our new patients came down as we talked to our nephrologist , we tend to think just in a high level, "Okay, your kidneys failed, you have to go dialysis." But the reality is that it's more nuanced than that. That you have some remaining renal function and sometimes your nephrologist has a decision to make, are you better off starting dialysis with some renal function? So that you do better on that therapy. And right now, during the pandemic, they're saying, "Is it better to start you off a little later?" So we saw our new patient incidents decrease. 
We, of course, saw no visitors because of travel restrictions. And then we saw a decrease in transplants because, obviously, transplants were shut temporarily, which, in essence, was an offset and so -- and then as we already talked about, we saw missed treatments go down, so that it was also an increase to volume. So when we net all of that, and we give you what we expect in the back end, our assumption is that over time, this is likely to normalize, except of the impact on mortality over time.

Yes. And that would be all speculative. I'm just telling you what our nephrologists are telling us about their practices. And most of the practices for a little while, obviously, were shut down for the nonessential care that we're still rounding in the hospitals. So what we're anticipating now that we're talking to our nephrologists and their practices are back open is that they have not seen any dramatic change. And of course, that's not scientific. We're just telling you what we're hearing from our nephrology practices.

Yes, productivity will be interesting. Of course, some of the things will go away. People will end up going back to the doctor and our benefit expense will go back up. As it relates to training, expenses and retention, I think that will be highly linked to the economy and how that's doing and how people are feeling about valuing their job and the sense of purpose that we're giving them. And so I think, in general, you could say it would -- it could stay and then you could make an argument that it'll go back to what it was, but I think it will be highly linked to what the broader economy is doing and how COVID is impacting the time.

Yes. Well, I won't give you round numbers, and let me make sure I'm answering the right question, Justin. Are you asking mix of COBRA versus other commercial insurance?

Yes. What I would say right now, without getting into details is I'll just reinforce what I've said, that our patients are very passionate about keeping their commercial insurance for a variety of reasons, including their family coverage and some believe that it enhances their odds of getting a transplant. And in some instances, it's obviously the cheapest coverage with the most flexibility. And so they're making those decisions carefully as they know it impacts their life in a nontrivial way since they consume so much health care.

Yes. Let me jump in because you have as much information as we do on this, Justin. What we can tell you is we're roughly around 25% of the Medicare patients are picking -- have MA in our population. You probably have a better number than I do, but the industry tells is around 35%. And so everybody continues to say, "Will it be more than 35%? Are we going to get to 35% in year 1 of enrollment?" And what we've consistently said quarter-over-quarter is that we think it will be more gradual, and we think it's more gradual for some of the dynamics that have been said today that there's a patient population that's uninformed. 
There's a patient population that likes status quo and so don't underestimate inertia. If you say, "Well, even though there might be a better product for me. I like my product or I'm satisfied with my product," and many people just don't have interest in switching because they fear the unknown. And so we're just saying change for some are hard, and we think that it will be more gradual, and we could be wrong. But what we want to make sure is there's a time where there was a lot of people saying that the change was going to be very, very fast, and it was going to be a quick ramp up. And while they could be right, we don't think that, that's the way it will play out.

I'm sorry, what is the question on commercial pricing?

Yes. There's nothing to call out on our commercial pricing.

I don't know the answer to that. Joel, do you know the answer to that? I mean, in general ...

I do not have the number in here, but Joel keep me honest that our number is roughly 50-50 on our growth for next year between in-center and home centers.

Well, let me thank you for all the questions, and thank you for the interest in the company, and let me finish with 3 statements. Number one, I just want to reiterate how proud I am of the care and the accomplishment of the team. They are working nonstop, and it is a beautiful thing. Number two, our core business is strong. And number three, we continue to make great strides on our capabilities to advance the care continuum across home, hospital and in-center. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Be well and stay safe.