Thank you, Joel, and thank you for joining the call. Today, I will cover 5 topics: health equity, the Supreme Court case, second quarter performance, an update on our Integrated Kidney Care or IKC business, and I will conclude my remarks with our current thinking for 2023. 
Before we discuss business matters, let me start with a clinical topic that is critical for society: health equity. Given the disproportionate impact kidney disease has on patients of color, health equity is of utmost importance. Across the key dimensions of access to care, access to information and clinical outcome, DaVita and the kidney care community have achieved unparalleled equity relative to the vast majority of other disease states.
We have used the focus of our scale to provide consistent equitable access to care and education. Our leading clinical outcomes and protocols have reduced variability across all patient populations regardless of race or socioeconomic status. Our Black and Hispanic patients are at parity when it comes to dialysis adequacy, phosphorus and calcium lab values as well as hospitalization and mortality.
As another example of our efforts to drive health equity, our Kidney Smart program is now available in 10 languages. And we're participating in a pilot to develop culturally-tailored education to underrepresented and underserved patient communities. As it relates to access, dialysis services are available to most patients within 10 miles of their home. We are proud of these results and now have set our ambitions to improve access to transplants and home dialysis.
Now moving on to SCOTUS. The ruling in the Marietta Memorial Hospital matter opened a loophole for plans to circumvent the historic protections for our patients in the Medicare Secondary Payer Act or MSPA. We continue to believe that this narrow interpretation is not only contrary to Congress' intent when enacting these provisions but could also result in harm to this vulnerable patient population and set health equity efforts back. We are working with the community on several initiatives to not only close this loophole but apply other anti-discrimination provisions to protect these patients' right to be able to choose the insurance options that works best for them.
The first step in the process is supporting legislative efforts of members of Congress who are passionate about protecting not only dialysis patients' rights but also the Medicare trust fund. We're excited that last Friday, bipartisan legislation was introduced to allow Congress to do just that, amend the text of the MSPA to close the loophole opened by the Marietta decision. 
The proposed legislation clarifies the benefit plan seeking to limit or impair benefits based on the need for renal dialysis services like the Marietta plan would be considered a violation of the MSPA. While getting any legislation passed will be difficult in an election year, we believe the restoration of the MSPA is noncontroversial, and we will work with the Congressional Budget Office to ensure that it will be scored to the saver, which should help with passage. 
The community is also working with regulators to ensure other anti-discrimination protection would apply to address the type of discrimination implemented with the Marietta Memorial Hospital employer group. The proposed revision to the anti-discrimination provisions of the Affordable Care Act that were released last week demonstrate that HHS is serious about protecting against insurance benefit designed to discriminate based on a variety of things, including disability. Should we start to see efforts by employer groups to modify benefit plans to take advantage of the workaround of the MSPA created by the Marietta decision, there could be legal actions based on these anti-discrimination provision.
Now moving on to financial results. For Q2, we delivered operating income of $433 million and earnings per share of $2.30. Operating income was up sequentially by $95 million as seasonal impact of Q1 abated and treatments per day increased quarter-over-quarter by approximately 1%. 
COVID infections and mortality in our patient population declined after the Omicron surge in Q1 through May but increased in June and again in July. Net treatment rates were also down significantly from the highs in Q1 but above the seasonal norms in Q2. The impact of COVID on mortality, mistreatment and treatment volumes remains difficult to forecast and is the biggest swing factor for our performance in the second half of 2022 and into 2023.
Labor costs remain a challenge in Q2 with higher contracted labor utilization and base wage increases similar to what we experienced in Q1. We're managing other patient care costs and G&A to help offset the impact of wage and other inflationary increases. With all these challenges, we continue to believe it's more likely that our performance will fall within the bottom half of our guidance range of $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion for 2022.
Turning to an update on our IKC business. Operating losses in our IKC business were better than expected in Q2. This was a result of timing within 2022 with our recognition of some shared savings revenue earlier in the year than anticipated. We also benefited from positive prior period development in our Special Needs Plans. For the full year, we are anticipating overall performance in IKC to be better than initially expected. Looking forward, we're gaining confidence in our model of care given the early results of our 2021 shared saving true-up.
For 2023, we're also expecting significantly higher growth in our membership and dollars under management in both MA lives and from CKCC program. As a result of the better performance in 2022 and the first year costs associated with significant growth, we are now expecting improvement in IKC operating income in 2023 to be lower than previously expected.
Last, I want to provide an update on our thinking about 2023 overall. To help our investors and analysts with these updates, I refer you to the table in the outlook section in our press release that lays out our views on the primary drivers of operating income growth from 2022 to 2023. We continue to believe that we will deliver a significant rebound next year, although the challenges and uncertainties around treatment volume growth and the health care labor market have led us to lower the improvement range to $200 million to $300 million.
Let me walk you through the updated thinking. First, back in November 2021, we expected the volume headwinds from COVID to be over in 2023, and we're anticipating benefits from a pull forward of mortality from COVID. These factors would have resulted in a higher-than-normal volume growth in the middle of our range and a tailwind from volume in 2023 compared to our historical results. Based on what we have learned from the Omicron surge in the winter and the continued evolution of the pandemic, we now expect COVID to remain a headwind to growth in 2023. Uncertainty around treatment volume incentive growth continues to be the single largest source of variability in our year-over-year profit forecast.
Second, our confidence in the likelihood and the magnitude of the cost-saving initiatives we've been working on has increased. We have plans in the way to reduce our procurement costs, lower fixed cost structure and shrink our G&A. This will result in some nonrecurring expenses in 2022 and 2023 but is expected to lower our cost structure for the long term.
Third, relative to what we knew at Capital Markets Day, we are now anticipating higher revenue per treatment growth next year. This is the result of higher rate increases and lower patient bad debt. 
To summarize, for 2023, we still expect to deliver a meaningful OI increase of $200 million to $300 million. But based on volume and wage pressure, we are lowering that range. 
I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.

Kevin, it's Javier. The short answer is it's too early to tell. And so we continue to watch it, and we will let you know if we see anything. As we said last time, there's a segment that's more likely than not, which is that small employer, but these things take time. And so we don't have anything new to report on it.

Remember, Kevin, we talked a little about a pull forward, i.e., we call it sort of COVID unwind at one point, which is we thought that once that excess mortality unwound, that we would have a little richer growth in 1 year. And now we just don't have visibility. Mathematically, of course, it will happen, but we don't have visibility as to when it will happen. And so that's the math that Joel just talked about.

Well, I'll let Joel answer some of the technical questions you asked. But one of the things that I really want to make sure that we jot down on this one is that this business is -- has a lot more ups and downs. And to look at it quarter-over-quarter is probably not a great way to look at it, but rather to look at it on an annual basis because of these true-ups and the lumpiness and the seasonality of the flu and all the things that happen in this type of business. But that said, Joel, why don't you answer the technical part?

I'll grab that. It's hard to talk about the entire country as a unison because there is submarkets and labor markets are very different market by market. I would say that it feels that we have crossed the most difficult period, that this quarter feels a lot easier than last quarter, but that was on the hardest quarter in the history of the company. So contextually speaking, it's still a difficult labor market. 
As it relates to the second part of your question, are there markets where we're not accepting patients? The vast majority of our clinics are accepting patients, vast majority. There are a couple of pockets, 5 or so markets that are the vast majority of the ones where we have pressure. And so the way to look at it is that if you're a patient, the first thing you want to do is, of course, get out of the hospital. There's lots of stress around acclimating to your new life on dialysis. 
But that said, the most important thing is you want safety. And once you get to the right staffing, then you save time away from home in the right location. Right now, we have more centers than usual where a person has to travel longer than they wish but they are getting placed. And so we're working through those dynamics and hope to revert to normal over the course of the year.

Thanks. On the home penetration, we had flattish growth due to all of the COVID dynamics, so that mix is still in the 15% range. And as it relates to the interest expense, Joel?

Sorry, Sarah. And did you say IKC, is that where you started? Or did you say something at the beginning? I didn't catch it.

Yes, Sarah, we've been looking at them for quite some time. Hopefully, our track record, if you look, compounded year after year. Our cost structure has gone up less than 1% over time. And so that takes maniacal focus and discipline and execution of some of the type of things that you said. If you look at ESA, which has been historically our most expensive pharmaceutical, we have personalized dosing and AI algorithms of the type that you described.

Well, it's embedded in that $200 million to $300 million that we cite for next year, and so it's in that range right there. If you look at that slide, we have in there the cost savings that's embedded in the pharmaceutical line there.

Yes. Gary, good memory. Our contract does expire at the end of this year. We have renewed a contract on the ESA front, and the savings are embedded in that $200 million to $300 million increase year-over-year.

Justin, we're always staying at it. As you know, it's a complicated topic. But the one thing you can count on is that we're going to stay consistently focused on returning to shareholders and then on the margin. The question is, do you get a little more aggressive and you lever up a bit because you think it's a good opportunity? And then, of course, you also have to look that the world has a little more uncertainty. There's a little more uncertainty right now. And so you have to take all those trade-offs. But everything is on the table.

Yes. Thanks, Justin. The inventory levels are a little below what they normally are, but we've passed the period of high anxiety and having to share, et cetera. So I think the worst is behind us and we can move forward.

Well, there's not much to report, Pito. We're excited to partner and develop medical innovation and technologies with Medtronic. I think the only thing that we have to report is that the FTC has passed the period of the Hart-Scott-Rodino. And so it's a pro-competitive deal. So we anticipated it to be low scrutiny and that's how it went. Of course, the FTC can always come back and ask, but that was a positive thing and directionally exciting for us. And it's early, of course. The transaction will probably close in Q1 of next year, and so not a lot more to report.

All right. Thank you, Michelle. I've just got 2 closing thoughts. First, we've been talking for over a decade about the potential contributions of Integrated Kidney Care toward improving the quality of life of our patients and lowering total cost. Now we have a sizable population, and we are very hard at work building systems, the capabilities needed to deliver on this potential. Second, the operating environment and macro landscape, as we discussed, are very tough. I am very proud of the teammates' resilience and agility to offset some of these headwinds by creating cost savers. We appreciate your interest in our company and we'll be talking soon. Be well.