Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all out there on the phone for your interest in DaVita. I'll make 3 quick points upfront. As Javier will review, we had a strong quarter for the Kidney Care operations. Second point is the DMG sale process continues to progress and is on track to close this year. And number three is we've deployed significant cash toward share repurchases during the quarter. However, as we are, first and foremost, a caregiving company, I will start our call, as always, with clinical results. 
Infection is one of the leading causes of hospitalizations in our population. In the second quarter, we delivered the lowest infection rate since we started tracking these rates. For our in-center patients, bloodstream infection rate actually decreased by 9% year-over-year. [ All ] patients even better, our peritonitis rate  improved -- decreased by 19% year-over-year. This is not only an unambiguous example of quality improvement on the clinical side. It also leads to a dramatic improvement in quality of life and lower costs for the system. 
And on that happy note, I will turn things over to Javier.

A quick restatement of a few of the key takeaways. Number one, we are experiencing a material amount of nonbusiness external friction, particularly on the union side. Importantly, however, number two, we continue to be strategically well positioned, both in the context of the current business model and for the longer term providing integrated care to Kidney Care patients across the country. And lastly, number three, we continue to generate strong cash flows. 
And with that, operator, can we go on to Q&A, please?

The best thing to do is to look at it as an annual number, and there's not much to report on that.

This is KT. The short answer is, it's still the case that we have a real shot. We need the CBO score. And if that comes out at a reasonable level, we have a real shot. We didn't bring it proactively because we figured many of you are sick of hearing that paragraph. But it's still, for us, very, very alive. And every week, we cross our fingers and hope for the CBO score.

Why don't you give us a few minutes to reflect on the question, and see if we can come back in a satisfactory way?

That's a good way to think about it.

We are taking a look, Gary.

And Gary, could you even talk a tad louder?

All right. Thanks, everyone, for your interest. We'll talk to you again in 3 months. Thank you.