Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for your interest in DaVita. 
I've got 4 headlines before we let J.R. and Joel take over. Headline #1, of course, is the Prop 8 victory. But I am going to let Javier talk about that primarily, certainly, excellent news for all of our stakeholders. Number two, regarding the sale of DMG, we continue to work together with Optum to close the transaction in 2018. However, as most of you will recall, we did execute an amendment earlier this year to extend the termination date in case we do not meet that time line in light of the ongoing regulatory approval process. Number three of four, the quarter did have some unusual expenses, which Joel and J.R. will go through in some depth so they do not get in the way of your ability to evaluate the ongoing strength of the business. And finally, fourth headline, as you net it all out, it's a solid operating quarter in what has been so far a solid operating year. 
And then finally, before we go into all the different details and synthesis, we are first and foremost, a clinical care-giving company. That is what comes first, and so consistent with our tradition, we'll always about a clinical accomplishment at the top of the call. We're going to broaden that slightly going forward to include either a clinical accomplishment or an improved patient experience. And what I'm going to talk about right now is more in the latter category, because so far this year-to-date, we have added on a net basis 1,300 more PD patients, peritoneal dialysis that is. People that can take care of their dialysis without coming into our centers. Now this does not always lead to improved clinical outcomes. In many cases, those clinical outcomes will stay the same. But for many of these patients, it's a tremendous improvement in their quality of life because of the scheduling and physical mobility that they pick up, and so that's our patient experience story of the day. 
Javier, please take it over.

Okay. I'd just like to make a few statements before we move to Q&A. Number one is, we try to avoid redundancy in these calls but at this stage, I can't resist being a little bit redundant to J.R. With respect to the SEIU-UHW, it is one thing to try to organize a union and there's very well-developed and heavily supervised processes for that. It's quite another to demonstrate a stunning disregard for patient care by trying to put an entire industry unsustainably under water. It's really strikingly irresponsible for the patients, and also ironically, for the teammates that they purport to care about. So we will do our best to represent our teammates and patients well going forward, as we did this year. Number two, we continue to be very well positioned for the general movement towards integrating kidney care, and in particular, for implementing the PATIENTS Act if we're able to get it through the legislature. You might well ask with the Democrats taking over the house, how does that affect us? The good news here is that for 15 years, DaVita has never strayed too far from the middle, one always spends somewhat more time with the majority party but we have never skewed that very far because we know these things change over time and in the Senate even despite whoever is in the majority, you really needs both sides to get something like this done. So we've, all the way along invested in both the Republican and the Democratic sides of the house and have a strong position there. And in fact, Democratic consistencies represent a highly disproportionate percentage of the patients who would massively benefit from the PATIENTS Act. And so in some ways, it's even better philosophical and constituent fit. 
The third and fourth comments I'd like to make before Q&A is just to once again point to the resiliency of our cash flow and our respect in caring for that. We take it quite seriously. Fourth and finally, we will continue to work very hard to get the DMG deal closed and put those proceeds to work for you. 
Operator, could we please move to questions.

And Justin, while I got you on the guidance question, I was given a piece of paper that said that I did not say the right guidance range, you probably picked up on it. The guidance range would be $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion. So my apologies for that.

Joel, why don't you continue?

J.R., do you want hit?

Yes. So the valuation adjustment is the result of our need to evaluate fair value every quarter. And based on our updates of the various inputs, including the transaction itself, risks, timing, the performance of the business, et cetera, we booked this valuation reserve. As far as timing is concerned, look, this is a complicated regulatory process but we continue to work hard with Optum to close the transaction in 2018.

J.R., you want to grab that?

Go ahead, J.R.

Yes. The impact on OI is not significant. I think the net impact on NAG is maybe 10- basis points, which is an uptick from Q3 '17, offset by some hurricane impact in this quarter. But nothing significant.

Yes. It's in the right range.

Yes. Very fair question. First, with respect to the CTA legislation that the SEIU was involved with, there was only one plan that worked with them. Now that's not to say that there aren't a lot of other plans that don't lack charitable premium assistance period for dialysis or anything else. But since our patients are so much more identifiable and so much more expensive, it's an easy poster child. So, while it is true that the insurance industry, as a group, doesn't like it, with respect to that one piece of, sort of, predatory legislation, there was only one plan that really worked on that pretty much at all, which was actually rather interesting. Now moving on to the question beyond the -- establishing the context, I think it's a fair idea to take another run at trying to sort things out. Historically, each time we have and said, let's try to work out our own compromise in our own code of conduct that both providers and payers will agree to, we just haven't gotten much take-up. And so, I think it's a fair idea but the most likely outcome is that everybody is going to wait for the regulatory -- the regulators to decide. And as you know, it's been quite a long period of time now, and there's a reason for that. It's pretty complicated and you could hurt a lot of patients pretty quickly. And so folks are appropriately hesitant as they try to sort out the truth. So we're still in that state where they could make a decision of some sort in the next month. They might not make a decision for the next year and we'll take under consideration this notion of, once again, trying to see if there can be an industry compromise.

J.R.?

J.R. or Joel?

Justin, I'd just add that, it has proven to be a more difficult process than we contemplated. And perhaps, that's obvious, given the length of time it's taken. But just to eliminate any ambiguity, that has been the case.

I don't -- we're not comfortable, I think, sharing any of the details. And so, sorry about that but I just -- hard to see that thing constructive to the process. I think everybody is working hard, everybody, the government, Optum, we are all working hard and it's just taking every bit of that work and more.

Yes. I think that's a very fair question. And let me take a good shot at it and feel free to continue probing. With the payers, I think the visibility of charitable premium assistance, which is not that big a chunk of our profit, the visibility has overshadowed the fact that we're doing lots of great highly aligned work with a lot of payers, including some who have very strong feelings on charitable premium assistance from a policy point of view, but it's not preventing we and they from making big strides on implementing aligned value-based care propositions. And so I think there, the visible activity is pretty inconsistent with a lot of the invisible activity in ways that would make you feel much better. And then I would also point out that in Congress, we've probably never been as well situated and aligned and in a positive spot. And with CMS, I'd say we're in pretty much as good as a spot as we've been for much of the last 15 years. And so the sense -- which I think I would, perhaps, have too if I just looked at the newspaper headlines that a bunch of things have trended negative -- is misleading once you're more on the inside. With respect to the unions, which is the one group where I can't point to any sort of silver lining, it's pretty difficult to have a constructive relationship with a group that starts out day 1 doing the things that they have done. It's pretty difficult and we talk to an awful lot of people who have had dealings with them and emerged quite negative on a whole bunch of levels and for reasons that were consistent with what we experienced. And so that one, unfortunately, got kicked off in a very zero-sum way by them. So I think it's a very reasonable concern. I think the nonvisible data would make you feel a lot better and with respect to CPA, I would repeat that the person who spoke earlier, I think, they were right, that is, us taking another run at some sort of reasonable compromise is a good idea.

Yes, I'll go first and then J.R. may want to add. Number one, we are getting new deals done that have more aligned economics every year. We don't announce each of them because none of them, in isolation, are significant enough to warrant it and -- so the progress has been steady and the quality and quantity of conversations has grown. Why is it -- moves so slowly, however, is largely because it's -- for a lot of payers they don't have -- while they have a lot of patients nationally, they're spread all over the country and a lot of plans have grown by acquisition and other ways. So their ability to be a good dancing partner to isolate and discreetly track all of those patients has been limited. Now that's changing a lot right now but historically, a lot of them administratively, simply couldn't really get there without having to allocate an amount of administrative resources that they were legitimately uncomfortable with. So that's really the primary reason it's moved so slowly. On the government side, you saw that they really wanted to try to get ESCOs to work because they believed in it and while they were testing ESCOs, they just didn't have much of an appetite for other stuff. Now we're 3, 4 years into that. What's happened is exactly what we said would happen, is that the program has not scaled and has plateaued. But we lost 4 years when the PATIENTS Act was sort of put aside by them for a while because they hoped their idea would work. So that's just the way it goes sometimes with the government that you get a binary fork in the road and this one cost us a few years. J.R., do you want to join in?

LeAnne, do you want to take the first one or both?

And then -- and perhaps, LeAnne -- Lisa, if you want to call tomorrow or something, we can provide the exact number of sponsors that may have lost. But given we're up at about a 195 with an almost perfect half-D and half-R split and that we did retain the leaders and we do have relationships with some of the senior House folks, you'll see that the net answer is supported by the numbers that we're still in very good shape. Although -- the bad news is that there's always just a lot of things going on and a lot of noise in the system when there's a change in power because they got a pent-up agenda. So that's bad. On the other hand, the other side of that sword, the other edge of that sword is that they typically are absolutely hyper to get some stuff done and that's good for us because we are such bipartisan idea that's sitting on the shelf. So you can kind of argue that one either way. Then on MSP, the way we look at it is we were thrilled that we've kept that one in play enough so that it made it into the house version of the opioid bill. Unfortunately, the Senate bill didn't need any savings, didn't need any pay-fors and so it lost that -- the tailwind and the impetus that comes from that. So the right way to interpret what happened there is that it's good news that it still has a place on the shelf and a lot of people know about it -- that it's sound policy that actually generates savings. At the same time, we never say that we're optimistic that it's going to happen anytime soon because we know that business and private insurance companies always oppose it. So it's never going to be a lay-up.

Okay. Well, thank you all for your interest in DaVita and we will work hard for you for the next 3 months until we talk again. Thank you.