Thank you, Joel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Q3 was a challenging quarter for us. While natural COVID statistics have been declining, the cumulative impact of COVID on the ESKD patient community continues to grow. Despite the economic challenges, we continue to deliver high-quality clinical care for our patients. 
We remain incredibly grateful for the amazing work of our frontline teammates who are unrelenting in their focus on caring for our patients. While our commitment to patients is a constant -- it is particularly highlighted when a community is in need. As you know, on September 28, Hurricane Ian made landfall in Southwest Florida, subjecting the community to sustain 100-plus mile per hour wind and significant flooding.
This led to many health and safety issues for the people in the area especially people who require life-sustaining dialysis treatment. DaVita operates 230 dialysis centers in Florida with approximately 14,000 patients and 3,250 teammates, through our comprehensive preparedness planning, I'm grateful that 100% of our patients were accounted for and all had received dialysis within days of landfall of the hurricane. We deployed water tankers, generators, fuel tankers to quickly restore operations in affected areas as well as provide dialysis to patients from across the kidney care community.
Now turning to our financial results. As I mentioned, it was a challenging quarter. For Q3, our adjusted operating income was $351 million, and adjusted earnings per share was $1.45. Adjusted operating income was down sequentially by $88 million from Q2 and was below our expectations for the quarter. The headwinds in volumes have persisted longer than we assumed and contract labor costs and productivity did not begin to improve in the quarter as we had expected.
We are now assuming these pressures will continue longer than previously anticipated. As a result, and given the continued uncertainty from COVID and the labor market, we are lowering our guidance for the year and our outlook for 2023 as well. We are reducing our 2022 adjusted operating income guidance to a range of $1.375 billion to $1.45 billion in our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance to $6.20 to $6.70 per share. 
For 2023, we're updating our outlook for year-over-year adjusted operating income growth to negative $50 million to positive $150 million, as outlined in our press release for this quarter. As we have said in the past, volume and labor continue to be the biggest drivers of uncertainty in our results. Let me walk you through the details on what we have seen on each of these and what we're assuming going forward. 
Let's start with the 3 main drivers of volume. Census growth before excess mortality, net treatment rates and excess mortality. I will cover each of these individually. First, on census growth, excluding excess mortality, we had seen a decline in patient admissions during each COVID surge, followed by a rebound after each surge.
The decline we saw earlier in the year was attributed to Omicron surge which we anticipated would rebound in the second half of the year as it has in prior surges. We did not see the expected rebound in Q3 and are assuming continued pressure on admissions in Q4 and through 2023. 
Next, net treatment rates. As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call, as a result of Omicron surge, net treatment rates had increased and we're having a meaningful impact on the change in our treatment volume. We anticipated these increases would return to seasonal norms after the winter surge and they have not. As a result, we are now assuming these will remain elevated through the end of this year and through 2023. 
Finally, on excess mortality. While COVID mortality rates in 2022 are down from prior years, excess mortality remains a challenge for us. We expect this to persist in Q4 and into 2023. The magnitude of the impact will depend on the size and the severity of COVID surges this winter and through the rest of 2023. Taking these 3 metrics together, volume remains the biggest source of uncertainty in our forecast for Q4 2022 and 2023.
Moving on to labor. I will cover 3 drivers: wage rate, contract labor and training costs. As we've talked about in the past, we've been assuming significant wage pressure in 2022 with some offsets from lower benefit costs. Overall, we expected a headwind in 2022 of approximately $100 million to $125 million. Year-to-date, our results are consistent with this forecast. We had also seen significant pressure from contract labor costs in the first half of the year. We expect these to remain elevated in Q3, although at levels below Q2. In fact, the contract labor cost in Q3 increased relative to Q2, and we're now forecasting that, that decline will be later and slower than originally anticipated. 
On training, we went into Q3 with elevated costs as a result of more hires, which is consistent with the increases we have seen in past during hiring peaks. Training costs accelerated in Q3 which resulted in approximately $20 million higher costs in the quarter than expected. Because of the elevated turnover, this has not yet resulted in the magnitude of positive impact we would normally expect on contract labor or staffing level. 
As a result, we expect training costs to remain elevated in Q4 and early 2023. In response to these challenges, we continue to work on a number of cost-saving initiatives for 2023. First, we expect to deliver meaningful savings from our new contract from anemia management. We will begin to transition to our new contract for Mircera in 2023. Second, we are optimizing our clinic footprint for the current operational environment, which we expect to result in higher capacity utilization and better leveraging of our clinics' fixed costs, including labor costs. 
Finally, we have initiatives underway to reduce our G&A in several areas of the business while investing in our future. As discussed, the cumulative and continued effects of COVID and labor are the key drivers of the shift in our outlook for the balance of 2022 and through 2023. We have anticipated that volume declines from COVID and labor market pressures would impact our revenue growth and margins in 2022, but we had expected release on both dimensions in 2023.
We are now assuming these challenges will persist longer than expected, which is what accounts for the change in our guidance. As we step back, we remain confident in our strategy and we are focused on responding to the current industry challenges. We're dedicated to delivering high-quality care of our patients, creating a great place to work for our teammates and sustaining our investment in the future to drive growth in integrated kidney care, have more patients treated home and increase access to transplant. 
I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.

Andrew, let me just add a little color because of what you speak of as a magnitude. I think it's important to note that underlying all the assumptions that Joel just went through, we had a philosophical change in how we look at the future. So in the past, we were building in a rebound we were assessing the uncertainties, but we thought that they would taper out by around Q3 and well into Q4. 
So now we're assuming that COVID remains and uncertainty on labor and volume stays longer. And so that really shifts the models in the dramatic way that you're trying to bridge.

Yes. Let me grab that one. The reality is there is no 1 market. It is spread across the country. And the reason why that variable, i.e., contract labor is behaving a little less predictable than usual is because normally you would look at your training as a leading indicator of the decrease of contract labor in the future, i.e., you're training a teammate and that person is going to hit the floor in whatever, 3, 4 months. 
And then you would, in essence, model your contract labor decreasing because of persistence in turnover, unfortunately, our leading indicator of training isn't translating to lower contract labor and therefore, we're having higher contract labor and higher training which, of course, is the double whammy that we're speaking of.

Yes. We've gotten a lot of questions on that. And as you can imagine, safety is utmost importance and we want to do it at the right pace. We will be done by 2023 but of course, the doctors have to review all the protocols and make sure that it's proper for their patient population. And so we don't have a particular goal. We're just saying, please review the documents and get the proper prescription for your patients.

Yes, Kevin, thanks for the question. Missed treatments are common at certain volumes because just life happens. Transportation, vacations, et cetera, where you missed one treatment. I think you are right in assessing that there's not what I'd call a chronic miss that you can go too long without dialysis.
But when we studied the data, we found that it is consolidated, meaning roughly 15% of the patients are causing 70% of the missed treatment. And so when we started to look into that we found that roughly half of the missed treatments are hospitalizations. And the other half is a popery of things from the patient him or herself being ill with COVID or something else, so staying at home, transportation issues, either due to staffing or other things and then scheduling either due to the patient or our center and so there's a lot of things that go into the missed treatment. 
And what we're trying to do right now is make sure that we double down on our processes to reschedule the patients but this is where it's all connected. If you have a tight labor market and staffing is tight, sometimes it's harder to get that rescheduled. So we're working on it. And basically, we had never really talked about missed treatment because it was pretty flat year-over-year.
And then with the COVID sort of introduction, if you will, that number started to move and we thought it would revert back to normal, and we're now seeing it stay elevated.

Yes. No. Commercial mix was flattish. And if it was down, it was down in what I'd call normal immaterial way on the commercial side. And you got to remember that mix is a numerator denominator and because of excess mortality and particularly in our older population, which is Medicare, that number is moving a little unusually as well. But there's nothing to report on that.

No. On pricing, I remember, our contracts are set for an extended period of time. And so if you were going to say the negative of our long-term pricing is that, of course, they didn't incorporate the inflation that we're experiencing. If you're going to look at the positive and we've talked about this, is that we have very predictable and stable relationships with our payers. 
And therefore, you're not susceptible to the bumps of everyday life, you can plan with a 3-, 4-year time horizon.

Yes. Let me grab the high level, and I think I'll be a little repetitive -- the main thing, Pito, is the philosophical change in guidance. And so if you start to think we had this rebound that we thought a lot of these numbers that were high would revert to normal.
We've spoken of a couple, in particular, training and miss treatments already and so when you grab all those numbers and you say they're going to revert to normal. And instead of that, it actually goes to an all-time high, meaning it goes the opposite way, then that starts to open up a big gap and then instead of assuming, well, maybe the rebound is going to happen a quarter from now, we just said, we don't have any data that would make us any smarter on really predicting where this will change.
And so we had conversations internally and we had a couple of options. We had 3 options, right? The first one is you just don't give guidance at all because it is just too much to predict for 2023. The second is you try to predict the unpredictable and really try to make an educated prediction about when COVID and labor markets regulate. And then the last one is, you assume the current environment doesn't change until there's clear data and so we used to take something closer to Option 2, which is we had assumptions of COVID in volume, and we thought they would get better at the back end of '22 and improving into 2023. 
And now, we're taking closer to option 3, which is we assume these dynamics that are strange in COVID volumes and the labor markets continue until we have further data.

Yes. Let me grab those because you've got the components right. So let's just start from the top. You start with new admits. The new admits are down roughly a couple of thousand patients then you subtract transplants, which have been flattish. 
And then you subtract mortality, which, as we've discussed, has been higher and then you subtract the missed treatments, which we've already discussed, has been higher, roughly 100 basis points depending on the starting point. 
And so that's the entire equation. The next question, which we've been really studying is why are new admits down, what is happening with the population upstream, which is sort of the natural question. Unfortunately, that leads to a dissatisfying answer, and that's because of what we've talked about all along, which is there is very low visibility to the CKD population, and roughly half of the patients actually crash into dialysis. 
So you start getting into a lot of different data sources and data sets. And what we've looked at isn't conclusive. And so right now, the hypothesis, one could have a good hypothesis that says there happen to be a bit more depth in that patient population. There are others that think that, that might be offset over time because the volume and the pace at which someone will progress from CKD into ESKD will be bigger post time as COVID progresses. 
And so right now, unfortunately, again, the upstream is the one that we have the least visibility in the other variables we've already discussed.

Yes.

Sure, Justin. For the year, there's a little timing in there. So let's give a range between $130 million and $150 million for the year or so and for next year, we're forecasting between $50 million and $60 million. And again, those could bounce around depending on timing. 
And so just to remind you because I think we spoke of this last time, we put through several lenses. The first is to make sure we have the right patient access. Secondly, we look for the availability of home and then lastly, we look at sort of the local market dynamics, the lens of the leases and those type of things. 
But it's a complicated process that we have to be really thoughtful to make sure that we're being responsible.

There's a little mix of that, but the bulk of it is we are opening a lot more of the CKCC program. So we had 11 this year, and we're doing 11 more next year. There will be a little more MA, but the predictable large volume will be government.

Thank you, Amanda. As you can see from all the conversation we have guidance is harder with the COVID uncertainty on volume and the labor dynamics that we have spoken of. We, of course, are working very hard to give you our best estimate and now are assuming that they will stay elevated for a period of time. Let me just close with a couple of comments.
One is these are very challenging times for DaVita and they are challenging times for the broader kidney care community and all health care providers. But as I separate myself from this moment in time and I look further out, I can't help but to say, we are incredibly well positioned to differentiate and outperform given the experience of our team, the clarity of our strategy and the strength of our balance sheet. I appreciate your time today. Have a good day. Take care.