Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon, everyone. I am humbled and I am excited about the opportunity to serve as CEO of DaVita, where I have been for 22 years. I look forward to giving you all a detailed view on my plans for the company at our Capital Markets Day, which we're in the process of finalizing and scheduling for August or September.
That said, let me reassure you that I do not expect any major changes in our strategic direction. So let me reaffirm 6 elements of that. First, we're a caring company and our focus on clinical excellence will remain at the core of everything we do. Second, we will use our strong platform of over 2,900 clinic, including 1,400 home program and 900 hospital relationships and a network of over 5,000 nephrologists to help provide continuity of care for the patient as they transition between the sites of care.
Third, we will continue to pursue integrated care with the intensity that it deserves. Fourth, we are planning a robust set of patient data and innovative analytic tools that will help improve patient care while lowering overall costs.
Fifth, we will continue to build our unique DaVita culture. And finally, we will continue to be disciplined with our capital. Now let me transition to first quarter results.
First, our adjusted operated income for the Kidney Care business is off to a good start for the year, generating $382 million for the first quarter. As you've seen our results, we are experiencing slower churns in unit growth than we expected a few months ago. There are many variables that contribute to the non-acquired growth and they're difficult to individually quantify. That said, let me call out a couple of those factors.
One, the growth of transplant volumes continued in the first quarter. We've talked about in the past about the opioid crisis driving much of this, is that what will happen in the future it is hard to say. It is tragic there is an increase in the deaths due to the opioid crisis. Yes, it is a gift for our patients with kidney disease who benefit from the organ donors.
Two, it has been an increasing competitive activity. For example, in the back half of 2018, there was a pickup in number of competitive de novos. Despite the slowdown in volume, we are reaffirming our guidance for both adjusted operating income and cash flow from the year.
Regarding calcimimetics, you may recall that we mentioned that this would be one of the biggest swing factors in our adjusted operating income for the year. We expected things will remain quite dynamic as the number of generic entrants and pricing remains fluid, making it hard to predict the full year financial impact.
Before I turn it over to Joe, let me make a few comments on policy. Over the last few months HHS Secretary, Azar has articulated 4 priorities to focus the Department's work. One of which is transform the health care system from one that pays for procedures and sickness to one that pays for outcome and health.
He's starting with some bold proposals in primary care and given the comments he's made about the dialysis industry, we are optimistic about the opportunities to transform the kidney care sector.
Overall, we support the vision to slow the incidence and progression of kidney disease, broaden the availability and uptake of home dialysis and transplantation and support the continuity evolution and adoption of value-based care delivery model.
We have advocated for these policies and have implemented innovative programs toward each of the objectives over the years. We are philosophically aligned and our eager to learn more about the specifics.
Now on to Joel to provide some additional details on the quarter.

Yes. The mix was slightly higher quarter-over-quarter. And now just that since you asked, as we step back and look over what we said at JPMorgan, I wish the range was a little wider because that number sort of popped up and down. But in general, we were slightly up and there's nothing in the mix that would change or impact our guidance.

Sure. Let me take a stab and see if I'm answering your question. First, I just wanted to say, bear us, we got it wrong at JPMorgan when we gave it, and we met the number so quickly after that. Two, is that we have a track record of outperforming on non-acquired growth, and we had some episodic quarters where our competitors have outperformed us. And three, is that there's a lot going into this number. There's incidence, there's mortality, there's transplants, there's competitors, there's payer dynamic. And they're all moving in opposite direction sometimes, so it's very hard to pinpoint the number. But at the end, what we're trying to do is work really hard to make sure that we get the right trade-off between growth, rate and capital deployment. And that's really what it's all about.

Yes. It's a good question. I mean if you look at our market share and you look at what that 1% difference is over a year. This is only a quarter, but over a year, it will be about 2,000 patients. So you got to look at in the base that we have roughly 200,000 and so does FMC, but we don't take it lightly, of course, compounding it very powerful. But, again, our track record is that we'll outperform over time. But when you look at it sometimes you would rather have a lower growth if it's got an impact on your deployment of capital. And so you can't isolate each one of these in micro, but you've got to look at the sort of overall portfolio because we could give you a higher NAG number, but it might be with low return on certain de novos. And so we're being quite disciplined in scrutinizing that number.

Well, as Kent articulated, Justin, we worked together in partnership for 20 years. So I've gotten that question asked a fair amount. And what I've said it's not like I've been my shutting ideas waiting for the time where I got to hum and now I get to execute on them. We've been partners, and we think a lot alike as it relates to discipline on capital. And as I said in my opening remarks, there is more that's going to look the same than anything that's going to look different. Things that will likely look different will be more around the evolution of time, technology and the needs of the business, integrated care policy and those things that we will be driving. As it relates to capital, we have and we'll continue to have a very strong discipline around capital. And we are going to be sharing our 3-year plan at Capital Market in August or September. I don't want to provide anymore detail at this point.

I think that math will be somewhere the 371 to 382, and we have one less treatment day year-over-year.

Yes. On the first part, it is not the new entrants. We are not seeing any significant activity there. So it is what the existing competitors. On the AKI, for those people that are not familiar, it's stands for acute kidney injury and basically that's before a doctor concludes that your kidneys are end stage, meaning they could come back. And so there was a change in philosophy there because they wanted to get the patient out of the hospital and then to the most efficient site of care, which is our centers. And so there are more diagnosis now of AKI because the system adjusted to that. I think that, that volume has gone through the system, and I don't think it's relevant for NAG factors.

On the mix, the majority of the mix ended up being on the generic side. And as it relates to surprise, I would never call it surprise. We just knew it was going to be a fluid and dynamic time, and so we're going through a bit of the wave, if you will, in this particular quarter, it was helpful. And that we were able to purchase some at discount. And then, of course, as Joel already explained that could be reversed at any time depending on how it plays out, who enters and how big the pricing curve drops.

No. It's been very hard to tell because of dynamics in the legal system as to what inventory is available and who's going to enter. And then, of course, that will drive the price to how many entrants and how much inventory. So we are just as interested as you are in those numbers, but they're very hard to find.

No. There's nothing that calls out. The physicians are continuing to prescribe as they have in the past. Of course, they're always looking at the journals and the studies to see if there's anything in the science that indicates anything new, but there's nothing that I would call out right now.

Sure. Thanks for the question. As it relates to competition, the first thing I'll say is competition makes us sharper. And we respect all competitors, and so it's with that approach that we go paranoid added because we want to make sure our patients get the best, and we believe that we are best prepared to deliver that in a platform with all the sites of care. That said, of course, when you are small and you're getting capitalized, you need to generate a story. And so the provocative story is one that says that they're going to "disrupt and innovate," and we believe that we've been self-destructing and innovating for quite some time. And we do a lot of patient education more than anyone else. We send more patients to the proper modality than anyone else. We have amazing transplant education. And so we know we have the entire suite but, of course, they can't compete with that platform, and so what they want to do is create a narrative that we are by definition of being big that we somehow or other not innovative, which is, of course, not the entrepreneurial spirit of DaVita. So again, we want to be sharp, and we want to take them on, and we respect it.