Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. We are excited to talk to you today about our strong Q2 performance, our 2021 financial outlook and recent developments on our efforts to transform Kidney Care. First, let me start the conversation with a clinical highlight.
A kidney transplant is the best treatment option for eligible patients with kidney failure. DaVita has worked hard over the years to help our patients gain access to transplant through education and direct support for patients to get on and stay on the transplantation waitlist. The cumulative impact is meaningful. Last December, we announced a milestone of 100,000 DaVita patients who have received a transplant since the year 2000.
To further advance the cause of transplantation, DaVita and the National Kidney Foundation are collaborating on a year-long pilot aimed at improving health equity in kidney transplantation with a focus on living donors. Increasing living donor transplant expands access to transplantation by increasing the availability of organs, which has been the limiting factor in the number of transplants performed annually. This pilot provides high touch and customized information to patients and families seeking a kidney transplantation from a living donor. We look forward to learning more from this pilot, improving the health equity of kidney transplant and continuing to be the leader in supporting our patients to receive kidney transplants.
Shifting to the latest update on COVID. We have made incredible progress in our efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic over the past several months. New COVID infections among our patients continue to drop significantly through the last week of June, down more than 95% from the peak in early January. However, similar to the rest of the country, we have started to see an uptick over the last few weeks. As of last week, on a rolling 7-day average basis, new infections are still down more than 90% from the peak. Thus far, our mortality continues to remain low on an absolute basis as we believe that our vaccinated patients are more protected from severe cases of COVID. We continue to educate our patients about the benefits of vaccine to reduce vaccine hesitancy and we remain confident in our policies and procedures designed to keep our patients and our teammates safe while they're in our care.
Now let me turn to our financial performance in the second quarter. We delivered strong results in both operating income and earnings per share. Our margins expanded as we continue to manage costs while delivering quality care. As a result, we delivered 6% year-over-year growth in adjusted operating income and 35% year-over-year growth in our adjusted earnings per share. Our free cash flow was particularly strong this quarter, and we continue to return cash to our shareholders through our stock buybacks. With the first half of the year behind us, we are now increasing the midpoint of guidance for the full year.
Let me transition to update our progress in our Integrated Kidney Care efforts, otherwise known as IKC. Value-based care for our patients with kidney disease is gaining momentum and appear to have reached an inflection point. We have always believed that coordinating dialysis care with the broader health care needs of CKD and ESKD patients could simultaneously improve outcomes and reduce total health care costs.
For years, we've been participating in a variety of small programs and pilots to build our integrated care capability and better understand the economics. We believe we are at that point now where we are ready to shift to the next stage of the evolution of integrated care.
You might be wondering why now? The trend towards value-based care is not new either in Kidney Care or other segments of health care. So what's changed to make the developments of scale business viable today? There's a couple of reasons. First, with the growth of Medicare Advantage, payers are looking for innovative ways to manage the increasing number of ESKD patients choosing MA plans. These patients tend to be more complex than most MA patients and should benefit from tailored care management.
Second, CMS recently initiated the payment models in Kidney Care. We're preparing to partner with nephrologists in up to 12 markets beginning in January of next year to participate in CKCC voluntary programs. Our participation in CKCC model will also provide us with operational scale in more geographies to enter into other value-based arrangements.
Lastly, we've increased our confidence in our capabilities to deliver clinical and economic value at scale and have leaned in on our willingness to take risk. We believe we're well positioned to win in integrated care because of our strong partnership with nephrologists, our regular and consistent interactions with patients, a broad Kidney Care platform that spans various modalities of care settings and a clinical data set and analytics that we use to create, develop clinical interventions to support our patient holistically.
We have a demonstrated track record of improving patient outcomes, coordinating care and lowering costs for patients in risk arrangements. For example, in our ESCOs, we were able to generate non-dialysis cost savings in the high single digits, which translated into more than double the average savings rates compared to the rest of the industry over the life of the program. With our special needs plan, we have been able to lower mortality by 23% relative to other patients within the same center and county.
To give you a better sense of the scale of the business, as of today, approximately 10% of our U.S. dialysis patients are in value-based care arrangements in which DaVita is responsible for managing the total cost of care. This represents almost $2 billion of annual medical costs under management. In addition, we have various other forms of value-based care arrangements with payers in which we have economic incentives for improving quality and lowering costs.
In 2022, we expect our Integrated Kidney Care business to double in size, both the number of patients and risk arrangements and the dollars under management. We also expect to see a dramatic increase in the number of CKD lives we have under risk in 2022.
To prepare for this growth, we are currently scaling up our clinical team and furthering building out our support function. Because of the investment as well as the delays in cost savings impacts of our model of care and revenue recognition, we expect to incur a net operating loss of $120 million in 2021 in our U.S. ancillary segment. This outcome is consistent with the OI headwinds from IKC growth we called out at the beginning of the year and is, of course, included in our full year guidance.
The doubling of the business next year could result in an incremental operating loss in our ancillary segment of $50 million in 2022. We expect significant improvement in our financial performance beginning in 2023 as we begin to recognize savings from the new contract that we entered in 2021 and 2022.
Over the 5-plus year horizon, we believe that our IKC business could become a sustainable driver of significant operating income growth. Currently, we serve approximately 200,000 dialysis patients across the country. We utilized over $12 billion in health care services outside of the dialysis facility, including the cost of hospitalization, outpatient procedures and physician services. In addition, we see an opportunity to manage the care of upstream CKD patients who currently do not dialyze in our centers. Assuming that we are managing the total cost of care for more than half of our dialysis patients as well as other CKD patients at low to single digit margin, we believe that this could be a meaningful financial opportunity.
In summary, all of health care has been talking about value-based for years. We are excited for DaVita to lead the way. With that, I will turn the call over to Joel.

Justin, the reality is there's not a lot to say. This is a bit of a numerator, denominator issue. You had more mortality on the Medicare side. And the commercial side held strong as people really value their income and their insurance. And so it's a lot more resilient than we anticipated. So that's the dynamic that we're discussing here.
A couple of other things, Justin, while you were asking about the value-based care and how do we calculate it with dialysis and non-dialysis. I think it's important to do the math you're doing. You subtract the dialysis, and then you have to put in there that the payer/government have a participation in the savings, the nephrologist then has a participation in the savings. And that's how you trickle down to the percentage of the 1, 2 or 3 percentage roughly that Joel talked about.

Incremental.

It's a net number.

I think at the end of the day, Kevin, one of the things is you heard from Joel, there's a lot of different dynamics in interplay. For us, the positive is that we're seeing, let's call it, the new admits stabilized pre-COVID. And so the best data we have right now is that we'll revert to the pre-COVID numbers. And so I think that's the best assumption and we'll keep you posted if that changes.

Yes. So let me grab a couple. We're not going to complain about the pressure, but it's absolutely there. It is a very dynamic and competitive marketplace. We continue to invest in a differentiated workplace and find that our teammates find great fulfillment in the purpose of the work that we do. That said, again, the marketplace is quite dynamic. As it relates to the second question, yes, we were talking about the union might come up with another ballot. And so we've now unfortunately, every other year, have had to deal with it. We hope that they're a little more empathetic to the fact that we're in a pandemic and that it is not a good use of the resources, but we just want to continue to talk about it so no one's surprise.

It's an interesting play. From our perspective, we believe that we're really well positioned. And of course, there's a lot of dynamics on volume and mix, how a patient gets to us all the way from a patient choice to a payer choice to physician. And so that dynamic has got a lot going on. Can the whole chain there really see the value that we create?
I think that over time, the answer will be yes because the clinical outcomes will show it. And there'll be transparency where people say, "Gosh, if I can live there longer, if I can get more transplant, if I can get my CKD and not be hospitalized, I want to go there." But as you know, that takes time. And so from my perspective, right now, I'm not assuming a change in sort of a shift in decision-making until this plays out a bit more.

All right. Well, let me grab them and then if I miss any one of them, please come back at me. The patient vaccinated complete with 2 doses is around 72% or so. Teammates is in the 68%. We're starting to tracking those people that intend to get a vaccine, and we're tracking somewhere in the 1% or 2% that are either thinking of getting in or in their first cycle. To my knowledge, there's nothing of significance in the third dosage yet in our population. And so I know that the physician community is discussing it. So -- but I don't have any major numbers on that. And then what was your last question?

On the testing, we didn't test all the patients, I think that was in the assumed question. What we do is we, of course, test anyone that has any symptoms. And then, of course, our patients get tested a lot more because they're using so much health care that when they go to other physician offices or hospitals or other things, they get tested. So they're disproportionately tested, but we just test when there's symptoms.

Well, let me grab it. As it relates to the inflation, of course, we've been very good over time. If you do our CAGR over the last 5 years or so, I believe we're right at 1% or so, slightly below. And so we view the levers quite thoughtfully over time in there. We're managing in essence pharmaceuticals, we're managing productivity and, of course, wage rate when there's other things like supplies and other miscellaneous items, which we are very diligent on. So we don't think those dynamics will change much other than during COVID. Of course, the PPE has gone up dramatically, and we hope that, that stabilizes over time.
As it relates to the wage inflation, we have nothing really particular to say about it. We are another player in this really dynamic marketplace, and it feels like it's shifting quite aggressively right now. Is that a short period or does that sustain itself? So I don't think I can comment on the multiyear. It is fair to say that we are aggressively looking at all the pharmaceutical and all the options to make sure that our physicians have the choice of their pharmaceutical, but at the best price possible. So I don't know if I got to all of your questions.
I think the last part of it was around capacity utilization. And of course, we are watching it very aggressively. We went from a time where we were very aggressive on the de novo build, too. As you can see, we really tapered that back and we're building a lot more home centers, which are a lot more capital efficient. We will keep that sort of balance in check because we know that patients need the interplay between the home and the center. And so there needs to be that capacity available. And as we lost here, roughly 5% of our patients during COVID, we are aggressively taking a look at our portfolio to make sure that our patients have access and that we are not having centers that are not at the right capacity.

Okay. Well, thank you, Missy. Let me make a couple of closing comments. Number one, our core business is strong. Number two, we are entering an exciting and dynamic time with an opportunity to deliver a lot of value for our patients by connecting and coordinating their care with payers, nephrologists and providers. Point 3, the clinical and the economic prices are absolutely meaningful and like most value prices, there is a lot to do to make the plan a reality. Point 4, if for whatever reason, we cannot accomplish the desired outcomes, the economic risk is limited structurally because there are termination rights and off-ramps.
So in summary, there's a big price with limited downside. So hopefully, that helps you think of how we're thinking about -- sorry, that lets you understand a little of how we're thinking about it. We thank you for your support. And we enter this new chapter together. Be well, everyone.