Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q4 was yet another exceptional quarter for ANSYS, capping a stellar year. In the fourth quarter, we delivered record revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow. Let me focus on annual contract value, or ACV, which we believe to be the best indicator of the underlying health of our business.
Q4 ACV at well over $0.5 billion in the quarter for the first time in our history, represented growth of 13% in constant currency, which was particularly gratifying considering the strong baseline set in Q4 of 2018. For the full year of 2019, ACV grew a robust 12% in constant currency. As we look to 2020, we are guiding to over 12% growth in ACV in constant currency at the midpoint of our range. This gives us further confidence that we will achieve our goal of $2 billion in ACV by 2022, while maintaining our industry-leading margins in the 42% to 44% range. Maria will provide more detail in just a few minutes. 
Now let me provide insight into some of the growth drivers in the fourth quarter and for all of 2019. During Q4, 10 long-standing customers made 8-figure commitments, and nearly all of the deals over $1 million included offerings from at least 3 of our product lines. From a geographic perspective, we saw strength in all our major territories last year. While North America led with 26% revenue growth for the year, I'm delighted that revenue in Europe grew 29% in Q4 and 14% in 2019, both in constant currency. For the full year, Asia Pac revenue grew 15% in constant currency despite a modest 2% revenue growth in Q4, which was attributable to variations in deal timings. In Japan, we grew revenue 20% in Q4. 
From an industry standpoint, high-tech continues to be our largest sector, fueled by electronics and our semiconductor solutions and supported by a multiphysics portfolio. And as you will hear shortly, we are continuing to add new capabilities to our product offerings so our customers can keep driving innovation in this key industry. 
Moving to automotive. Other vendors have signaled weakness in the sector, perhaps, because of their focus on legacy programs or their inability to pivot to emerging customer requirements. For ANSYS, however, automotive is an area of strength, in part because we have successfully broadened our offerings to address key growth drivers, namely solutions for autonomous and electric vehicles. We have seen repeated evidence of that success in electric vehicles: first with Volkswagen, which we have previously discussed; and now with Porsche. In Q4, we announced that Porsche Motorsport is using ANSYS to create an advanced electric powertrain for its electric racecar. After proving itself on the track, Porsche expects to use the car's electric powertrain to usher in a new era of commercial e-mobility vehicles.
Moving to other industries. Although energy is going through a transition, we are seeing increased demand in that sector, including an extended collaboration with leading energy technology company, Baker Hughes. This long-time customer signed a new agreement in Q4 to use ANSYS simulation to drive down design and development costs, including additive manufacturing while sparking innovation.
We continue to see success in aerospace and defense, driven by increased customer investment in North America. In fact, the aerospace and defense industry is responsible for 4 of our top deals in Q4. The complex product challenges facing aerospace and defense organizations require a true multiphysics approach, including solutions for electromagnetics, fluids and next-generation materials.
For example, a leading North American gas turbine manufacturer signed an 8-figure deal in Q4 to shorten its design cycle using faster, more reliable and accurate combustion simulations. By deploying our Mosaic Meshing and enhanced workflows, this industry leader reduced preparation time from hours to minutes while getting more consistent and robust results twice as fast. By using ANSYS solutions, we expect this global leader to save millions of dollars a year in reduced labor and related costs. 
Another large aerospace company is also benefiting from our comprehensive multiphysics portfolio. This company faced a complex set of operating conditions that made identifying potential failure mechanisms a challenge. It is using our best-in-class electrical, thermal and mechanical products as well as our electronics reliability simulation solution from last year's acquisition of DfR to improve designs and to mitigate possible failures. This resulted in an 8-figure deal in Q4, and it demonstrates our ability to efficiently integrate new technologies into our selling motion. 
As you can see, our customers are benefiting from the formidable combination of ANSYS solutions across physics. This is a powerful endorsement of the strength of the full portfolio, and it is one that we believe other vendors cannot match. We continue to extend our product leadership across the entire portfolio with our recently launched ANSYS 2020 R1. R1 accelerates company's digital transformation by enhancing the interfaces, functionality, workflows and scalability of our products. R1 includes multiple product and technology advances. But in the interest of time, I'll focus on areas of particular interest to the high-tech industry. 
To make 5G a reality, the industry must develop new array and beam steering technologies that overcome millimeter wave impediments such as signal propagation at 28 gigahertz. To overcome those challenges, we continue to make major investments in ANSYS HFSS, our flagship product for designing and simulating high-frequency electronic products. R1 includes groundbreaking new phased array antenna technology that enables 5G designers to model complete antenna arrays, a task that was previously computationally prohibitive.
Developing modern antennas is only one challenge in realizing 5G systems. Chip designers must develop new architectures to co-locate the chip and the antenna, which introduces topology constraints and electromagnetic cross-dock challenges that did not previously exist. We recently announced new product, ANSYS RaptorH to solve these challenges. With its unparalleled accuracy, its unmatched capacity and speed and its smooth design flow integration for advanced nanometer integrated circuit design, we believe RaptorH is the most feature-rich electromagnetic tool in the market for system-on-chip flows. RaptorH marries the best-in-class engines from ANSYS RaptorX, which we gained in last year's Helic acquisition, and ANSYS HFSS into a single-chip package system design environment. Helic was acquired in Q1 2019, and this product shows the speed at which the ANSYS R&D teams can incorporate new technologies into our portfolio. 
Our platform strategy is based on an extensible, vendor-neutral architecture that works both on-premises and in the cloud. ANSYS Minerva is based on this architecture and empowers companies to solve the seemingly intractable problem of dealing with the enormous amount of data created by multiphysics simulations of complex systems, such as 5G components and equipment. In R1, Minerva's scalable traceability, configuration management and versioning system ensures reliability and connectivity of simulation data to drive collaboration and insights across the product life cycle and across departmental silos. That traceability is critical to companies like Eaton Corporation that rely on Minerva to streamline the user experience when designing and manufacturing parts using additive manufacturing and other processes. 
These innovations are empowering our customers to solve some of their most challenging product problems. Our ongoing commitment to improving our best-in-class solutions is further widening the technology gap between us and our competitors. That gap is certainly evident with ANSYS Discovery Live, where we have significantly broadened structural use cases and expanded generative design capabilities while adding a GPU-based, steady-state computational fluid dynamic solver. This breakthrough enables design engineers to predict airflow and heat removal at rates 100x faster than the previous GPU solver within Discovery Live. One customer told us that they reduced component design time from 3 months to less than 2 weeks. 
Q4 marked the first large renewals for the Discovery business, and we are happy to see our early adopters expand their commitment to Discovery. On its most recent earnings call, our strategic partner, PTC, announced that it was also seeing a ramp-up of adoption in average deal size with its Creo Simulation Live product, which incorporates Discovery Live. As I mentioned previously, we expect the near-term financial impact of Discovery Live to be modest, but we see a strong long-term opportunity. 
Over the course of Q4, we also expanded our relationships with industry leaders, Autodesk, Microsoft and Rockwell Automation. With Autodesk, we built on our previously announced automotive workflow between our lighting simulation solution, ANSYS SPEOS and Autodesk VRED. Our new connection between ANSYS mechanical and Autodesk Fusion will drive revolutionary design and engineering agility for our customers, helping them expedite products to market. 
Our partnership with Microsoft also expanded, growing beyond our initial collaboration where we empowered customers to access high-performance computing on demand via ANSYS Cloud, which runs on Microsoft Azure. In Q4, we grew our collaboration to make it easier for customers to adopt and deploy Digital Twins. Through our expanded partnership, manufacturers that model and connect ANSYS using Azure Digital Twins can optimize asset production and operations using ANSYS Twin Builder. That enables users to slash product maintenance costs and speed high-quality products to market. 
Similarly, with Rockwell Automation, we're enabling customers to benefit by creating a digital twin of their full manufacturing process to create and test virtual what-if scenarios. In doing so industrial companies can adapt to market demands with more agility and minimize risk. 
We are also continuing to expand the market for simulation by reaching future users. Over 3,000 universities use our technology for research and teaching, including students at Carnegie Mellon University, who are building and testing their own simulations in the newly opened ANSYS Hall. More than 150,000 people have enrolled in Cornell University's massive online course in simulation based on ANSYS. And I'm pleased to announce that we have seen over 1 million downloads of our student products.
I'd like to take a moment now to recognize my colleagues at ANSYS. As you know, the coronavirus is a rapidly evolving situation. Our #1 priority remains, of course, the safety and the well-being of our employees and their families around the world. And I am humbled and grateful for the commitment that our colleagues in China and elsewhere are showing as they continue to drive business execution in difficult circumstances. 
Switching to our commitment to environmental, social and governance initiatives for just a moment. I'm proud that Newsweek recently named us to its 2020 list of America's Most Responsible Companies. And I'm delighted that 2020 Women on Board recognized ANSYS as a winning "W" Company for 2019 with at least 20% women on our Board of Directors. 
To summarize, building on double-digit ACV growth in 2018, 2019 was a record-breaking year for ANSYS. These results, combined with our 2020 forecast of double-digit ACV growth and our continued investment in our market-leading products, give us further confidence that we will achieve our goal of $2 billion in ACV by 2022. So you can understand why I'm excited for 2020 and beyond. As I have told you before, the future for ANSYS is brighter than ever. 
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?

So I'll let Maria jump in as well. But a couple of assumptions that we've built in perhaps that might help for the 2020 ACV assumptions. Firstly, as you know, as I said in the comments, Q4 was an amazingly strong quarter in terms of ACV. So I'm excited about the performance. I'm excited about the pipeline. I think we have a very strong pipeline. 
Built into assumptions that there are a couple of headwinds, which perhaps might be relevant. One is we've assumed that currency is approximately a point, so that's approximately $15 million of a headwind, and that might be relevant to the conversation. And the other is, of course, is we're assuming from the China sanctions that there's a headwind from a growth perspective, and Maria mentioned that on the call as well, and that's approximately $20 million. And so taking that -- taken together, that's approximately 2.3% or about 35% -- $35 million headwind coming into ACV for the year. And of course, that mitigates what we have in terms of an amazingly strong pipeline.

So if I understand the question about R&D, and I'll try to answer it as best as I can, and hopefully, this gets to the gist of your question, we -- as any sophisticated company with a broad portfolio of technologies, we rely on a combination of both organic development, where we have a road map that we execute against. And in certain occasions, we rely on acquisitions, and the acquisitions could be because there's a technology that we've decided we need, which might be better served by going out and buying a company, which has already developed that as opposed to developing ourselves. 
We have an amazingly engaged and capable R&D organization, and we continue to drive innovation after innovation, and I gave you an example of some of the innovations in HFSS. And if you look at the R1 release, you'll see a chapter and verse of all kinds of new features and capabilities that continue to enhance our products across a number of different dimensions. 
But at the same time, we believe that acquisitions are an important aspect, that there are a number of startup companies that have interesting ideas. There are other companies that perhaps maybe a little bit more established that have developed great technology like LSTC had. And we are able to bring them in and rapidly incorporate them into our R&D processes and our development processes. We have an internal mechanism to be able to share information. We have a technical conference, for example, where our R&D leaders from around the world and technical leaders can come get together and share information. There's a lot of collaboration. And you're seeing that in the results. 
I gave the example of RaptorX. You've seen the results in some of our optics technology where we announced ANSYS SPEOS, which brought together some of the work that we had on solid modeling, on the SpaceClaim side together with the SPEOS capabilities and so on. You can see that in our autonomous offerings, where we have brought together core technology that we've developed over the years as well as acquisitions that came in -- as well as technology that came in from acquisitions. You see that in our platform strategy, which includes capabilities that we've developed as well as other things that we've acquired. So it's a complex equation, but I think that our team is incredibly sophisticated, and we're able to deal with that complexity very well. So I think that's the first piece of the -- that's the first piece of your question. 
The second piece is with respect to services. Look, we have a -- we are not a services company, a professional services company. That is not our business model. We're a software business. And for us, while we do services, services are fundamentally in support of driving software sales. Now we do have a small services organization that supports some of our larger opportunities. And especially when it's in a broad -- in new emerging area, we can certainly see an incremental set of requests for the services capabilities that we provide. But that's not our business, and we work with service partners around the world who can add to the ecosystem. So many of our large channel partners and others can add to the ecosystem to provide service delivery to our customers. This is obviously not an area where we are focusing on trying to significantly increase our share of the business. As I said, our business model is that of a software company.

If what you're saying in the question is do you believe that customers are seeing that ANSYS has technology that can help other people in the marketplace and therefore could help themselves, in other words, the customer says, look, I can see what ANSYS is doing elsewhere, and therefore, they're in a position to help me, I think customers look to work with winners. I think we're a winner in the marketplace, and customers like to work with us. We certainly see customers who appreciate the fact that we've invested ahead of the curve, for example, in areas like autonomy and electrification, IoT, where we have great capability, and we can demonstrate customer success in the conversations that we're having with customers. I hope -- does that answer your question?

So let me take a crack, and then I'll have Maria jump in as well. We are in -- obviously, as you can imagine, we are in very close contact with our team in China, and we're working closely with them as well as we're in contract with our channel partners in China. We're a software business. And as you can imagine, a lot of the activity that needs to be done in order to communicate with customers and work with customers can actually be done over the network, it can be done over telephone calls and so forth. And we are seeing that our team in China, and I alluded to this in my comments, our team in China is able to -- despite the fact that some of our offices are closed, our team in China is able to go in -- to be able to work from home and to reach our customers, who are also working from home and are able to get access to businesses and so forth. 
And so based upon that and what we're seeing in terms of our ability to move our business forward, we've taken a -- we're somewhat conservative. We're moving -- we believe that there will be obviously some impact in the sense that there will be some business that will be delayed from the first half to the second half. But we believe that the underlying dynamics of the market continue to be strong. The demand for our products continues to be high. We're continuing to be able to make progress against opportunities, and so we've modeled this as essentially a delay of activity that might have otherwise been scheduled for the first half, delaying into the second half. Maria?

So our partnership with Rockwell is very much about the opportunity to help with the manufacturing process, and it's the use of digital twins in the manufacturing process to be able to optimize that. So yes, it is related to the deployment of digital twin technology. But at the same time, this is not an esoteric long-term multiyear activity. We are working actively with customers today. And customers, I think -- working together with customers, I think we can demonstrate the benefit of the use of digital twins and being able to optimize their manufacturing processes. And I'm not sure if we could talk about specific customers today by name, but there's one particular large CPG customer, for example, that we're actively engaged with that I'm very excited about.

Yes. I think when you look at energy, what's happening is that the industry is transitioning some of its investments from where they've historically been, so looking at things like digital transformation, they're looking at predictive analytics, material intelligence, additive manufacturing, robotics, autonomous systems. So it's not only what they've traditionally looked at, but they're starting to broaden. And of course, these are areas where we can now -- we've historically had a lot of investments, and then we can continue to broaden our conversations with these service providers in the energy sector to include all of these new capabilities where they're seeking to broaden their own solutions. And that's continued to drive -- that continues to drive opportunities.

Well, as far as our relationship with PTC is concerned, look, I'm excited about the relationship with PTC. I think that they're a great partner. And obviously, they have recently gone through the acquisition of Onshape, which is the great technology they brought onboard, and we continue to have conversations with them about how our relationship can evolve and grow. So that's an ongoing dialogue we continue to have with our partners at PTC. 
As far as the first question in terms of the Discovery business in the aggregate, I mean I think that the technology is incredible, and we're going after a market opportunity that continues to evolve and develop, and that's one of the reasons why we've been incredibly cautious about how we imagine the financial impact of this business is going to be. And I think we've been very consistent in saying that this is going to be a relatively modest piece of our business for a long time, and that's in part driven by the fact that the audience that we're going after is a relatively conservative audience. And adoption of these kinds of technologies, unlike the consumer technology, adoption takes time. 
We continue to drive the new innovation and the innovations that we -- I described some innovations before, I don't want to go through them again. But we continue to drive new innovations and new capabilities and that continues to broaden and strengthen our capability in the market. So I'm excited about where we are. I believe we've made great progress. We have seen progress with customers who have come through the enterprise renewal process. So it wasn't like they were just buying it to evaluate it. They're buying it and they're rebuying it. So that's a really positive sign, and we continue to see that as a tailwind for the business as we go forward.

So firstly, the area that -- let me start with the last piece. The area where LSTC has a lot of strength in automotive is in crash testing. Crash testing, when I meant the more legacy areas, I was talking about potentially a transition from electric to the internal combustion engine. And if you start to think about that transition, customers are spending more money on electric drivetrains and thinking about that change versus internal combustion engines. 
However, when you consider now the fact that you have, say, a battery inside a car, and as I've described in previous calls, the transition to an electric drivetrain and to a battery-operated car fundamentally changes the nature of the design. The chassis changes. Weight assumptions change. There's a fundamental redesign taking place across the car in the aggregate. But that means that you have to rethink what it means for collisions and response to collisions. And then of course, the battery, you have to worry about battery explosions and battery fires and things of that nature. So you have to really rethink and spend a lot of effort understanding how collisions -- because collisions might happen. 
You have to make sure that the collisions are not going to be catastrophic, and that means there continues to be significant demand even in the new world of electric cars for the kind of work that we're doing, and I'm very excited about the opposition there in the marketplace. So that's with respect to the actual end market in automotive for LSTC. 
As far as the integration of the technology and the product is going, the integration is going really well. We are -- the technology is very consistent with what we expected. We were a long-time reseller as well of the technology, so we certainly understood it before we did the acquisition. It's consistent with what we expected, and it's a great team, and they're great people. 
As far as the channel partners are concerned, we're working with those channel partners. They're integrating into the ANSYS ecosystem, and we're working with the channel partners. We're honoring those relationships and supporting those channel partners because they have some really valuable customer relationships and incredible skills and capabilities that we want to maintain within the ANSYS ecosystem. So we want those channel partners to grow and thrive within the ANSYS ecosystem. And the good news is that we have a vibrant channel relationship already, and those channel partners can grow inside it. And we are very supportive of them continuing to be able to grow their business as being part of the broader ANSYS family.

When you say resources that would be devoted to that, what specifically you're referring to?

I understand what you're saying. No, we don't see any significant impact. I mean when you consider the aggregate of our business, it's so large. We're talking about a relatively de minimis amount relative to the overall value of our business. So it's a tiny -- it's noise in the big scheme of things from a back-end deal closing perspective, the people who actually close the deals as far as the books are concerned. 
As far as the actual work with the customers, as I said, a lot of that work is taking place right now, where we are able to work with the customer virtually. We are able to do -- continue with telephone calls. We're able to continue working over the Internet. We can do webinars. We can do webcasts. Customers have access to demo systems as they need to. All of that activity continues to take place. As I said, our colleagues in China -- and once again, I want to acknowledge our colleagues in China who've been working on the difficult circumstances for a while. Our colleagues in China are able to continue to drive the business forward, and they are actively working to do that. 
And so we feel like a lot of the spade work that we need is continuing to happen. We will continue to see -- we will continue to close business in Q1. And -- but we've modeled -- for the sake of being prudent, we've modeled the slippage of some business into the second half of the year. And that's, of course, already in the guidance.

Yes. So let me just try to take that for a second. Look, we see simulation is becoming increasingly important for a sector of the health care market. And while it's a relatively small vertical for us today, I think we're making significant progress there, especially in Q4. In the physics -- in physics that's based on the health care sector, specifically that we're focused on, which is things like device manufacturing -- medical devices and so on, we've been working with the regulator of the FDA. We've been working with the EU. And we believe that the health care industry is heading more towards things like in silico trials and outcomes like personalized medicine, and then physics space simulation will play an even more active role. 
And we've, frankly, been very active in this field for a long, long time, maybe for the last decade. And we've been engaging globally with policymakers, with academics, with consortia to try to make sure that we can explain to the industry and bring the industry and the regulations along to the use of in silico trials, and I think we've made significant progress. 
Now in Q4 specifically, as I said, we had several larger deals with medical device market leaders, specifically focusing on the use of simulation and leading to products that could be deployed more rapidly and products that could get regulatory approval more rapidly. So that translates into a very specific value proposition to the customers, which is they can get new product to market faster and at lower cost with greater probability through the regulation process. And so that's a low-hanging fruit for us, but we see all kinds of opportunity in the [indiscernible] still that we're working towards.

No. As I said, I think I mentioned this in one of the earlier questions as well, we are seeing customers in the energy sector. And again, we have a definition of the energy sector. We have customers in the energy sector who are looking to broaden what they were previously interested in. So it wasn't just the conversations that we've been historically having. There are broader conversations about things like predictive intelligence and materials and robotics that I mentioned before. Another area that continues to be of interest is emissions reduction, things like carbon capture. And so we saw some new opportunities that emerge from things like carbon capture with applicability for renewable energy and energy storage, battery management, battery systems and things of that nature. So all of those are outside of the traditional business that you might have perhaps associated with the energy sector, and those represent incremental opportunities for us as we think about our business going forward.

Well, as I said, I think that some of the directions that we've talked about in the automotive industry, for 100 years, the automotive industry has been based on assumption that it's an internal combustion engine, and it's driven by a human being. And both of those assumptions are being challenged at the same time. So we expect -- so a significant amount of the R&D spend is going towards these next-generation technologies. It is going towards electrification. It is going towards electric systems. It is also going towards electric driving. It's also going towards autonomy. And while we may not necessarily see full autonomy in the short term, as we go on this journey to autonomy, we have improved safety systems, we have autonomy and limited circumstances and so forth. So that level of investment is an ongoing stream of investment that we see happening for multiple years, and we're excited about that.
That being said, when you look at the full portfolio, I think that we have some tremendous strength in the automotive industry outside of these new areas that we've talked about. We talked briefly about crash. That's an area that we continue to be strong. That's obviously through the acquisition. And we continue to be strong in other areas with the portfolio that we've driven. Some other interesting areas like optics have also come into our portfolio through acquisitions. So we have a very strong footprint in the automotive industry today. We have good capabilities, both for the emerging areas, where there's a lot of R&D spend, as well as the more traditional areas. And we're very excited about our position.

Great. Thank you. 2019 was another outstanding year for ANSYS, and we exceeded expectations on many of our key financial metrics. We continued to improve execution across the geographies and our go-to-market strategies. We broadened our product capabilities, and we announced several new partnerships and collaborations. These are important accomplishments, and they continue to move the business in the right direction, and they give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We are looking forward to another exciting year in 2020. 
And in closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support. And of course, a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all for your efforts, and thank you for another exceptional quarter and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call. Please enjoy the rest of your day.