Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was another exceptional quarter for ANSYS. We surpassed the high end of our guidance in both revenue and earnings per share. Our annual contract value, or ACV, came in at a robust 14% growth in constant currency. Based on our continued outstanding financial performance and the ongoing strength of our pipeline, I'm excited to announce that we are again increasing our 2019 revenue, EPS and ACV guidance. Maria will provide the details in a few minutes.
Q3 was about execution across all aspects of our business and all our normal routes to market. This strong across-the-board performance highlights the robustness and the resilience of the ANSYS business. Considering sales activity from a geographical perspective, the Americas has contributed strong, consistent performance throughout the year. As we had expected, Europe had a slower first half of the year, but Q3 was strong and we expect Q4 to also be robust based on some larger deals in the pipeline. Asia has also performed well this year, but full year growth in China is expected to be muted as a result of the ongoing trade restrictions. Our guidance, of course, takes this consideration into account. Our channel, which continues to represent about 1/4 of our sales activity, grew consistently with our direct business.
From an industry perspective, the semiconductor and high tech, automotive and aerospace and defense verticals continue to lead the way. As has been the case in many quarters, our larger deals are driven by the strength of our multiphysics portfolio. In fact, over 80% of our largest deals in Q3 included 4 or more products across our physics suite. Our enterprise and strategic accounts performed well and included 3 customers with orders in the 8-figure range.
Let me share a few of our Q3 successes. A leading innovator in high tech materials and processes signed at $12 million multiyear agreement to develop next-generation OEM components. With increased access to simulation, more engineers of the company can use ANSYS to provide tailored solutions for its customers. Through a new multimillion-dollar deal, ANSYS' multiphysics solutions are enabling an electronics leader to be the first-to-market. This company has demonstrated that ANSYS can materially reduce the number of physical prototypes saving $5 million in one of its business groups alone.
Another large technology company signed an 8-figure agreement to drive innovation in new markets while growing its footprint in existing business segments. The company is using ANSYS from silicon through the entire platform to innovate, reduce time to market and mitigate the risk of next-generation mobile phone and data center chips. Only ANSYS could fulfill its demand for fast, high fidelity multiphysics modeling, resulting in a nice win over our competition.
On our recent calls, I've highlighted specific product or solution areas in the ANSYS portfolio. For example, in Q1, I discussed our leadership in electronics with products such as ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk. On our last call, we discussed our multiphysics autonomy solution which includes core products like ANSYS HFSS coupled with leading technologies that we've obtained through recent acquisitions including Medini and OPTIS. With so many recent advances in ANSYS Mechanical as well as the acquisition of LSTC, on this call, I would like to focus on our mechanical and structures products. 
ANSYS was founded as a mechanical and structural simulation company, and nearly 50 years later, that product line continues to accelerate. Customers use our mechanical simulation to validate the design, structural integrity and the performance of their products across a broad spectrum of applications, from jet turbine blades to offshore oil pumping platforms and everything in between. That's due in part to our ongoing focus on accuracy. We are also consistently driving new functionality and ease of use into ANSYS Mechanical, including innovations that we added in Q3 for streamlined and simplified workflows as well as the prediction of electronic hardware failure gained from our acquisition of DfR Solutions. Those enhancements and many more are resonating with new and existing customers. Our recent acquisition of LSTC is further broadening our footprint in the structures space. LSTC is the world's premier provider of explicit dynamics and other advanced finite element analysis technology. LSTC's flagship product, LS-DYNA, is used to simulate high-speed, short-duration events, for example, a cell phone drop or an automotive crash.
In fact, the automotive industry has widely adopted LS-DYNA to accurately predict a vehicle's behavior and the effects on occupants during a collision. Over the years, LSTC has evolved its solutions from a leading explicit dynamics solver to a broad multiphysics suite that can solve a range of use cases, from automotive impacts to airbags to aerospace and defense applications and beyond. The LSTC technology and customer use cases are complementary to and dovetail nicely with the broader ANSYS Mechanical products which solve for a longer-term phenomena like structural loads and vibrations. While ANSYS has partnered with LSTC for nearly 25 years, we had focused on a limited set of LS-DYNA use cases and not on the primary use cases such as automotive crash testing. Now that LSTC is part of ANSYS, our comprehensive go-to-market capabilities will enable us to better serve the automotive, aerospace and defense and other markets with the full breadth and depth of the LS-DYNA suite. And by combining our product portfolios, we will be able to solve even more challenging customer problems than either company could individually.
Industry legend, John Hallquist, founded LSTC and he will remain part of the ANSYS team. Both LSTC and ANSYS share a similar culture based on a profound respect for technology and an unwavering commitment to customer success. And I'm excited that the combination will allow ANSYS customers to deliver more sophisticated products, faster and more efficiently than ever before.
We also closed on our acquisition of Dynardo, a leading provider of multidisciplinary analysis and optimization technology. An existing ANSYS partner Dynardo develops state-of-the-art solutions for optimization, uncertainty quantification, robustness, sensitivity analysis and data mining. And while this acquisition isn't financially material, adding Dynardo's products into the ANSYS portfolio will give customers access to the full suite of process integration and robust design tools, empowering users to identify optimal product designs faster and more economically. I'm delighted to welcome the LSTC and Dynardo employees into our ANSYS family.
We also continue to make strong progress with integrating technology from our earlier acquisitions into our portfolio as we saw in our newly released ANSYS 2019 R3. On the materials side, we introduced ANSYS Granta materials data for simulation, which increases the number of off-the-shelf materials available directly in our flagship products. With DfR Solutions, we have upgraded the Sherlock preprocessor and cosolving engine using ANSYS technology. Our sales teams have embraced these upgrades helping us to expand existing accounts, open sales opportunities at new customers and accelerate pending deals.
On the partnership side, we recently announced an alliance with Microsoft to help mutual customers improve operations through digital twins. This collaboration will empower customers to more accurately predict an asset's future performance and reduce unscheduled downtime expenses using Azure Digital Twins and ANSYS Twin Builder. We also announced an exclusive partnership with Motor Design Limited to distribute its Motor-CAD software. Mortar-CAD enables design engineers to evaluate motor topologies and concepts across the full operating range and to produce designs that are optimized for performance, efficiency and size. By combining their electric motor design software tool with our multiphysics analysis capabilities, we are extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product life cycle.
Our previously announced partnerships continue to build momentum. In its most recent earnings call, PTC reported 126 transactions, a 66% increase in the number of deals from the previous quarter for Creo Simulation Live, its CAD solution powered by ANSYS Discovery Live. PTC expects adoption to further accelerate in its next fiscal year.
Turning now to our environmental, social and governance initiatives. Stem education remains a key element of our ESG focus. I was excited last week to attend the opening of ANSYS Hall, a new engineering building complete with state-of-the-art maker space on the campus of Carnegie Mellon University here in Pittsburgh. As part of our partnership with CMU, we are providing students with access to the ANSYS portfolio, enabling them to prepare for life outside of academia by solving real-world engineering challenges. We have also expanded our Women in Technology efforts through a grant to the Lila Poonawalla Foundation, which provides scholarships and training for aspiring female engineers in India. These initiatives are incredibly exciting to all of us at ANSYS as we help to train the next generation of engineers and scientists.
In summary, I'm extremely proud of our accomplishments in the third quarter and frankly for all of 2019. We recorded another quarter of double-digit top line growth and best-in-class margins. We are in a growing market with a winning strategy of Pervasive Simulation and a world-class product portfolio bolstered by a strong pipeline and an established track record of execution. That gives us tremendous confidence as we close out 2019 and prepare for 2020.
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?

Thanks for the question. So as you -- as I said at the Investor Day, which we had in September, we have started to focus on these larger accounts or these so-called enterprise accounts. And we've increased the census of the number of those accounts from just a handful, a little over dozen, a couple of years ago to around 85 today. And as I mentioned during Investor Day, and I think I've walked through a case study of a particular customer, which shows how by focusing on that customer as we would with -- as we do with enterprise accounts, by focusing on the customer, we're able to deliver significantly incremental value to that customer based upon the capability and the full suite of our portfolio. And that translates into incremental growth opportunities. 
So for that particular customer that I walked through, we had had -- we had a modest growth for a number of years. And then as we started to focus of them on an enterprise account, we grew ACV by about 10%. And in the first couple of years, it was an enterprise account. And then subsequently, we've grown ACV at about 17% CAGR over the couple of years afterwards. And there is significant opportunity ahead because in the case of that particular customer, there are opportunities of electrification in a number of other areas. And we're seeing this story being repeated across our enterprise account base. By focusing on the accounts, we can deliver incremental value to our customers and, of course, that translates to incremental growth. So that's the dynamic that you're really seeing taking place in our business as we look forward.

So, Jay, thank you for the questions. So if I just focus on the second one for a moment and talk about the channel, you're absolutely right, the channel has grown consistent with the direct business. And as you would imagine, the channel partners tend to -- given our go-to-market, some of them tend to be more transactional in nature, smaller deals in nature. Some of them, of course, a very strategic relationships with their customers. It really depends on the channel partners. 
And as Rick may have mentioned again during our Investor Day when we were talking about our go-to-market strategy, we continue to invest in the channel partners and we have continued to increase the number of channel partners as well as -- or the channel partners are seeing significant opportunity. So they themselves are increasing the number of people within individual partners who are selling our technology. So there's more feet on the street in the aggregate from the channel partners selling our technology, which typically ends up at a -- at some of these lower transaction levels. 
Furthermore, as you know our go-to-market is differentiated and so we have an opportunity to, yes, address the enterprise accounts, but with our momentum motion and our inside sales activity, we can address more of this volume business, more of the transactional business. And so we have -- our go-to-market and one of the hallmarks, as I said, of the business is the fact that we have this pretty sophisticated and well-developed go-to-market that allows us to address the needs of the largest customers as well as the more transactional business that we have discussed. And they're both very important to us and we continue to make sure that we are successful across both of those motions, which you saw this year and I made clear in my commentary.
With respect to your first question with -- regarding the products, certainly some of the newer products that we have in the marketplace and perhaps some of the acquisitions, you're absolutely correct. Our strategy, as I have described, is to make simulation pervasive, which means we want to make simulation capabilities, we want to inject them into multiple ecosystems, into multiple use cases. If you look at some of the work we have done with our platform, and in particular with Minerva, that allows us to take the ANSYS simulation capabilities and to inject it into other phases of the product life cycle and to be -- and to drive the broader use of simulation and certainly our acquisition of Dynardo fits right into that. So that gives us access to more customers, helps us solve more problems. 
Some of the acquisitions that we've done, you mentioned Granta. I think materials is a very important aspect of the end-to-end product equation. In many ways, materials is a life cycle unto itself. It's very closely related -- it's almost a platform unto itself that's very closely related to our Minerva activities. But the materials gives customers a real understanding of where the true costs are and what the design implications are. And that exposes us to different levels in an organization in a customer as well to different sets of customers.
You mentioned LSTC and I was pretty broad in my comments. I think in my script I went through this in some detail, but the fact is that the LSTC technology, because of the nature of the technology and because of our-go-to market, we had not been focusing on the core LSTC use cases that -- like, for example, automotive crash testing, and now that LSTC and LS-DYNA is part of the ANSYS portfolio, we have an opportunity to position the breadth and the depth of LSTC across industries -- of LS-DYNA across multiple industries. And by putting our technologies together, we think we can solve -- we could help our customers really solve the most amazing problems and do so very efficiently. So we're excited about those acquisitions. They all fit with our strategy of Pervasive Simulation. They fit with our go-to-market and our go-to-market supports the acquisitions and then their relationships that these customers have had with their own channel partners, with their own customers further supports our go-to-market. So it's a mutually reinforcing outcome that we are excited about.

Yes. And so as I said in the -- and I'll let Maria also jump in. But as I said, again, in my script, the second half of the year -- I mean Europe had a pretty decent Q3 from a sales activity perspective, and the second half of the year in Q4, we're expecting to see -- we have some of our larger deals in the pipeline. The revenue -- when you look at it from a revenue perspective because of the volatility of 606, you'll see some variations in revenue, which may not necessarily align exactly with sales activity. But to give you some perspective, as I said, we expect the second half of the year to be stronger in Europe and with some large deal activity. As I said, the Americans have been pretty strong throughout. Asia has been pretty strong. Maria, you want to add anything?

So thanks for the question. To make sure that you understand the context, our focus, as I said, from a go-to-market perspective, was not really on the automotive customers or the automotive crash testing. A lot of that activity was effectively taken by DYNA through some of their other channel partners. And we had -- the LSTC through their other channel partners. It wasn't really a focus of ANSYS. So that wasn't our primary business. And so in those areas, as you could imagine because we were -- we would partner, where we would work with the customer, they would take advantage of LSTC's technology, DYNA, perhaps working with another channel partner and that's how we would kind of meet at the customer. That's -- the automotive crash test use case wasn't really something that we were majoring in. That wasn't our focus and that wasn't where the ANSYS LSTC business was. And that obviously is an area of tremendous strength for them. And they come with not only amazing technology, but they also come with great relationships and customer relationships in that space.

We can't -- I can address it from the perspective of what we see in the marketplace. And perhaps I can -- and set the context as I talk about some of the conversations that we are having -- that I personally have had and certainly our salespeople are having with our customers in the automotive space. When you consider the aggregate of what the automotive customers are dealing with, with electrification. And by the way, electrification is not uniquely something that's being driven by automotive companies in and of themselves, there is also government regulations and other activities that are driving their desire to meet certain deadlines and dates and so forth. But if you consider electrification, you consider the opportunity with autonomy as just 2 examples. There is a profound change taking place and there is a significant level of investment that we are seeing, and interest that we're seeing in making sure that they can address these upcoming needs or these upcoming demands for their portfolio. 
In many cases, an activity, a focus on electrification might -- isn't just about the battery, it's about a broader outcome because building an electric car requires different points of optimization than building an internal combustion engine car. The -- everything is different, or many things are different. And so there -- and that opens up incremental opportunities for us. So from our perspective, the fact that we have identified electrification, autonomy and we have compelling solutions in those areas in addition to the rest of our multiphysics solutions, we believe positions us very well. Those are growth areas. People are spending R&D dollars in those areas to be competitive in the future and we have technologies and solutions that addresses those customers. And so when I talk to automotive customers, the conversation often starts with electrification or autonomy. We may eventually get into other conversations of traditional -- that we've traditionally had with them about structural integrity or airflow and -- combustion and other areas, but certainly, we start with those areas and those -- we see those as continued areas of interest for the automotive companies.

Thanks for the question, Rob. So again, I hate to go back to the Investor Day, but we had a pretty robust discussion about Discovery Live at Investor Day. That was about a month ago -- 1.5 months ago. So the dynamic remains the same. We are tremendously excited about the technology. Our customer is excited by the technology. We've got initial penetration into the enterprise accounts, and something like, I think, 20% of our enterprise accounts in terms of that initial penetration. And we continue to develop against an extremely aggressive road map. And we're -- the technology is moving in the right direction. We're excited about adoption. It's just very early in the cycle of the product. It's a brand-new product. It's creating category in a marketplace that's historically relatively conservative in terms of adoption of new technology. So as we've said repeatedly, it will take time for this product to develop. But all indications so far are positive, and we are excited about where we are in the marketplace with this essentially breakthrough technology.

Thanks again for the question. Yes. So we have -- our technology is able to work across different cloud providers and we're not tied to any individual cloud provider. That being said, the ANSYS Cloud itself is running on Azure. But we have the capability to run on any cloud provider.

Well, I mean I think that -- firstly, I think it's -- Onshape is tremendous technology and capabilities from what we understand. Obviously, we're not in that space and we're not in that market, so I can't really -- I don't really have -- we don't have a formative opinion per se on technology. But from everything that we've seen, it's amazing technology. It's a great product and certainly as PTC absorbs this, I think they just closed the acquisition a few days ago. As they absorb this, we'll continue to have discussions and conversations with PTC about our relationship and how our relationship broadens to take into account whatever changes they may have made to the portfolio. 
But that being said, PTC has an aggressive road map with respect to Creo Simulation Live. They continue to see traction in the marketplace that we've talked about -- that I talked about that Jim Heppelmann has talked about in his calls. And they have a robust road map that includes the next generation of CSL. So for example, I think in next year or March of 2020, they're going to expand to include CFD use cases from where they currently are and that obviously expands the applicability of Creo Simulation Live. So we're very excited about the relationship with PTC. We think that they're executing as they need to. And obviously, we'll continue to discuss with them as they start to absorb the terrific Onshape acquisition.

So we obviously -- my comments are based upon our understanding of our pipeline. So it's not a general comment about macro conditions. It's very specifically about our pipeline. So perhaps our pipelines are different from other vendors' pipelines, and that might account for the differences that you're pointing out. That's point number one. With respect to your second question about, is there any particular area? Again, my expectation is that we will see next quarter along the lines of where we've seen the past in terms of the split across industry verticals. So we're not seeing a particular vertical change dramatically. And it's highly unlikely that these changes are going to happen month-over-month as we look at the end of Q3 to the early part of Q4. As you can imagine, many of these customers who are in our pipeline for Q4 have been in our pipeline for some period of time. These are not new deals that come into the pipeline in Q4 and close in Q4, especially these larger deals. And so we have pretty good visibility and a finger on the pulse of some of those deals. We're not expecting any profound change in the industry verticals as we look forward to Q4.

Mark, thanks so much for the question. So as I said, Dynardo is a process integration and an optimization tool. And their flagship product is something called optiSLang, which is essentially a design optimization solution. And so the idea is, as a designer, you can provide -- you can try to solve for a multi-objective optimization problem. So you can establish a set of boundary conditions and use cases, and you can use Dynardo to drive simulation to get to an optimal point where you're trying to get to with sensitivity, reliability, design capabilities and so forth. So you can drive that optimization. And you can use optiSLang to be able to change these simulation flows so you can automate the design space exploration. So effectively, what it's allowing you to do is very rapidly chain together different elements -- different simulation elements, solve for a point of optimization that you're trying to get to in an automated way. And that allows you to reduce development time and, of course, it can accelerate product design. So that's the nature of the technology and engineers will use it to try to rapidly get to a conclusion that they are trying to drive, but it drives an enormous amount of simulation and it triggers off an enormous amount of simulation in order to get to that design point.

Yes. And just to amplify what Maria said, I mean -- with Motor-CAD, that technology helps us in the electrification space. And we talked about electrification as being one of the important growth drivers. And they've developed upfront design capabilities that are in the area of electric machines. And that integrated with our technology will really allow these electric machine designers to rapidly -- to be able to build -- to build electric motors and machines more quickly. So to give you an example, they can do things like fast thermal analysis from their front end. So it's a more -- it's a pretty sophisticated technology. It couples electromagnetic thermal mechanical modeling capabilities. It's really designed for the rapid design and deployment of electric machines across these different operating conditions. And what we can do is dovetail our technology really nicely in with what they have, so our customers can benefit from a more streamlined electric machine workflow.

Thank you, operator. So our strategy, which is to make simulation pervasive, is working as evidenced by another quarter of double-digit revenue and ACV growth, combined with best-in-class margins and continued strength across the business. That, coupled with the exciting opportunity to unite the incredible technology, talent and customer relationships of LSTC and Dynardo with our global description platform and resilient business model, gives us confidence for the future. Our continued focus on execution, our investment in the business, and a healthy sales pipeline, provide a solid foundation for us to deliver another year of record financial performance. And they set the stage for us to execute against our recently announced 2022 financial targets. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues from around the world for, once again, delivering these outstanding results.
And with that, I'd like to thank you for listening, and please enjoy the rest of your day.