Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. With strong ACV growth in the quarter, I'm delighted that year-to-date, we're on a stated goal of double-digit ACV growth with tuck-in acquisitions. Our accomplishments thus far in 2021 are further evidence of the success of our strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle, our multiphysics product leadership and our strong customer relationships. Those factors, combined with customers' continued investment in R&D initiatives are driving demand for ANSYS' multiphysics solutions. 
With a robust deal pipeline and momentum in the business bolstering our confidence, we are raising our full year financial guidance above and beyond the impact of our strong Q3 top line performance. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. 
From vertical and geographical perspective, our Q3 results came in as expected. The high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our largest contributors. 
Looking at our major geographies, the Americas again led the way, followed by Asia Pacific. We expect each region to have its largest quarter in Q4 with this quarterly skew to be more pronounced in Q4 for Europe. 
One of Q3's highlights was a 3-year $58 million agreement with a North American high-tech customer. From an ACV perspective, this deal was the second largest multiyear contract in our history. This customer was already using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio and is now expanding its number of simulation users. It is using ANSYS for diverse applications, ranging from ensuring the reliability of radio frequency systems to meeting sustainability goals across this product line and to chip package system analysis for power and signal integrity. 
Another key deal in Q3 was a multiyear agreement with Seagate Technology, a leader in mass data storage solutions. Seagate is a long-time ANSYS customer, and this new contract broadens the company's use of multiphysics simulation to address next-generation product challenges faced by its global customer base. For example, Seagate is using ANSYS multiphysics products to assess thermal effects and acoustics to create a seamless workflow to enable higher capacity hard drives and to streamline process integration for heat-assisted magnetic recording. The company also now has access to our optical suite of products to drive further innovation. 
As we have discussed, our small- and medium-sized customers, or SMBs, were disproportionately affected by the pandemic. However, during the last few quarters, we are seeing a recovery, and SMB customers have increased their investment in ANSYS simulation. Our ongoing increase in sales from our SMB customers give me further confidence as we plan for Q4 and beyond. 
During these calls, I typically give you some insights into various aspects of the ANSYS business. In the past, I discussed our best-in-class electromagnetic solutions, our unparalleled product scalability and the extreme accuracy of our structural solutions. As you heard me discuss with Seagate, optical simulation is becoming increasingly important for our customer base. In fact, in Q3, about 5% of our agreements included an optical simulation product in the order. Given that as well as our recent closing of the ZMAX acquisition, I would like to spend some time today discussing our offerings for optical simulation. 
3 years ago, ANSYS did not have any optical simulation products in our portfolio. Today, though, companies can rely on ANSYS for an end-to-end solution, spanning the gamut from photons to electrons based on 3 product lines. The first, ANSYS Lumerical, empowers users to design and analyze integrated photonic components and systems and model challenging product problems, including interacting optical, electrical and thermal effects. The second product line, ANSYSPIoS, simulates the system's optical performance and evaluates the final illumination effect by enabling high-fidelity visualization based on human vision and camera-sensing capabilities. Third is our recent acquisition of ZMAX, which enables customers to accurately model the behavior of light through complex optical lens systems. Instead of working independently as a siloed offering, our optical simulation suite operates as part of a complete multiphysics workflow. Taken together, the ANSYS optical solution is used for a diverse set of applications ranging from camera and LiDAR arrays found in autonomous vehicles to telecommunications and mobile phone cameras to medical equipment and other visual aids. 
For example, in Q3, Sandia National Labs signed an agreement leading to expanded use of Lumerical technologies. Sandia develops leading-edge integrated photonic and nanophotonic solutions for quantum computing, imaging and sensing. The lab uses Lumerical tools to design, model and simulate custom photonic components and their behavior in a circuit environment. 
In the automotive sector, industry leader Ford uses ANSYS products, including SPEOS and the ANSYS vehicle headlight solution in the styling and design of its predictive smart headlamps and to optimize and validate headline performance. Our headlight solution features real-time physics-based optical simulation and driver-in-the-loop functionality to replicate the physical world with a high degree of predictive accuracy. Automotive giant Mazda is also increasing its use of SPEOS for internal and exterior lighting, head-up displays and cameras, thanks to a sales agreement in Q3. 
In Aerospace and Defense, an ANSYS customer is using all 3 of our optical product lines across multiple applications. The customer relies on Lumerical for creating photonics integrated circuits. It uses SPEOs for detecting radiation leaks from aircraft enclosures and this customer is also using ZMAX to study lens deformation. While still new to our portfolio and a relatively small contributor to our overall financial results, these optical solutions fit squarely into our go-to-market motion, and our sales team understands how to market these products. 
Based on the ANSYS strategy of pervasive simulation, our optical customers can easily access products across our portfolio to perform true multiphysics analysis. We saw an excellent example of that with another aerospace and defense customer that was challenged with a wing camera that was capturing blurry images. By using a combination of ANSYS optical and ANSYS fluids products, the customer was able to correct the problem and deliver crisp images even at extreme speeds in bad weather. 
Moving to our partners. I'm excited that we are expanding our relationship with Autodesk by embedding ANSYS' electromagnetic simulation capabilities to explore and validate printed circuit board designs within the Fusion 360 workflow. This first-of-a-kind Autodesk Fusion 360 extension will enable CAD users to perform near real-time PCB analyses and to retrieve real-time insights into their electromagnetic performance to accelerate the development of next-generation products. 
We have also expanded connectivity of ANSYS Twin Builder to industrial control systems through Rockwell Automation's enhanced Studio 5000 simulation interface. Users can connect digital twins to emulated controllers to optimize production at the design stage or physical controllers to enhance equipment performance in real time, for example, in predictive maintenance. 
I am pleased that we have expanded our partnership with TSMC to create a comprehensive thermal analysis solution for multi-die semiconductor designs. Using ANSYS RedHawk-SC electrothermal and ANSYS ice back along with TSMC's silicon stacking and advanced packaging technologies, users can analyze complete chip and package systems with high-fidelity results. 
We are also collaborating with Fujitsu to enable more sustainable product development for our customers. ANSYS Dyna now supports Fujitsu's energy-efficient prime HPC supercomputers which will help customers reduce energy consumption and costs by offloading simulation workloads to a more energy-efficient machine. 
Keeping with our environmental, social and governance initiatives for a moment, we recently published our simulation product handprint for autonomous vehicles. This report illustrates the role that simulation plays in the development of autonomous vehicles, including in sensors, automated driving software and safety testing. Using simulation to develop autonomous vehicles will lead to significant societal and environmental benefits, ranging from a drop in traffic fatalities to a reduction in emissions. 
We have also submitted our initial report with the Climate Disclosure Project and expect results by the end of the year. Similarly, we have begun working on our reports to the task force on climate-related financial disclosures, which focuses on governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets. 
In summary, Q3 was another remarkable quarter for ANSYS. We beat guidance across all key financial metrics and have met our goal of delivering double-digit growth year-to-date. We are also expanding our product leadership in our core solutions as well as an important emerging areas such as optical simulation. These factors, combined with a strong Q4 sales pipeline and outstanding execution, give me further confidence in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?

Yes. So when we talked about in -- when we gave long-term guidance, if you look at the addressable market, we talked about the core, the foundations of the business. And then we talked about high-growth adjacencies, including areas such as autonomy, electrification, IoT, 5G. And we talked about some of the investments that we were making. And in particular, we did talk about optical as an area that we are that we were investing in, in particular, to support things like autonomous vehicles as well as to support things like 5G for the purposes of interconnects and so forth. And so we've essentially been executing against the strategy that we laid out. 
I also want to correct a point that you made in your question, you said 5% of the bookings came from optical. That's not what I said in my script. What I said is that 5% of the deals had some optical component within the agreement with the customer. So there was some aspect of optical within that. Optical, of course, is a relatively small piece of our business today.

And I think just to add one small point to Nicole's response there. When you think about the investments that customers make in ANSYS it's really triggered by their investments in R&D. And obviously, globally, you're seeing investments in R&D customers continuing to look at next-generation products and offerings, and that's where simulation comes in. So the fact that we can help them with building their next generation again, points to the importance of our technology, and that's what allows us to be in a position to make these relationships in sales during a pandemic or any other time for that matter.

Yes. And just to amplify one of the points Nicole made, the large customer dynamic is somewhat different from the SMB. For the most part, the large customer dynamic is driven by the long-term relationships that we've maintained with our direct sales force with these customers. Many of these are long-term customers of ours. They've built their processes around ANSYS. And when it comes to a new project or a new activity that they start to continue to evolve their R&D efforts, they turn to us as a vendor. And so there's an opportunity within those customers to expand the footprint based on long-term relationships. 
In the case of SMBs, in many cases, the SMBs are relationships that we have through channel partners and some of these customers may be relatively new customers. They may be relatively early in their life as an organization. And so I wouldn't necessarily say SMB is a leading indicator, which was the point that you made. I wouldn't necessarily say it's a leading indicator. These are 2 different -- there's slightly different dynamics across both the SMB and enterprise, and each one of them has their own go-to-market motion and supporting activity.

Well, I think the -- look, at the end of the day, Gal, when you think about it, partnerships allow ANSYS to really expand our market reach by leveraging what our partners bring to the table. They'll bring complementary technology skills. They have a brand they can help us reach different customer segments so that more people can benefit from simulation. 
Partnering allows us to create a combined solution with a leading vendor. So at the end of the day, customers can benefit from a more complete solution than either one of us can provide on our own. Now key to our partnerships, and you'll see this all along, key to our partnerships is maintaining an open ecosystem. So we're not about -- our partnerships are not about blocking things off, but are making things available, opening things up. And our strategy and our products remain open so that customers can create the optimal system to meet their needs. 
So as you think about our partnership strategy, just think about that, we are open to trying to make sure that we can leverage and work with our partners to make our customers benefit from the entirety of what we can bring to bear because we have an open strategy. I can't comment about specifically any individual partnership or the direction that it may go, but hopefully, you have some perspective of how we think about partnerships.

Well, so let me address the question in 2 sort of time frames. One is you think about the short term. So in the short term, supply chain disruptions may be affecting many businesses, but we're really not one of the businesses that's affected by the supply chain. And the reason is, as I mentioned earlier, the use of our software is tied to the design of products. It's tied to the R&D phase for the most part and not -- it's not denominated by manufacturing. 
So whether if a customer has challenges with the supply chain, and they can't produce as many units of a particular product that's been designed with our technology. That doesn't affect our relationship with the customer. They're already designing what that next product looks like, and they're working with our engineers, or they're working with our technology to figure out what the future looks like. 
So our customers continue to make investments during -- in R&D. And it's really not affected by the supply chain in the short term, so we have no real short-term issues there. When you think about it from a long-term perspective, and I think you're also alluding to this in your question, when you think about the long-term perspective, companies, I think, around the globe are questioning exactly how they need to think about their supply chains going forward. So will there be a change in the way they've been thinking about the supply chains? And in some cases, you're seeing customers thinking about moving manufacturing closer to where the final product is actually going to be used. This isn't necessarily building factories in a more traditional way. In many cases, customers are thinking about building next-generation factories where they have much more automation, robotics, next-generation manufacturing techniques. All of these things are relevant for simulation. We're in a position -- we at ANSYS are in a position to help our customers as they go through this rethinking process as they go through the design of these next-generation capabilities as they start to think about advanced manufacturing techniques, materials as they work through the simulation that goes with that, we're in a position to help them. And so we see this as a long-term tailwind where we can help customers as they try to figure out what this next generation looks like in their own evolution.

Sure, Jay. So let me try to unpack your question, and let me start with the longer-term direction comment that you asked -- And I think, look, you'll hear a lot more about strategic direction for -- and where we're going over the next year and so on. Think of some of the comments that you heard as adembrating some of the super exciting times that are ahead for ANSYS and our customers. You talked a little bit about cloud. We've got ANSYS Cloud out there, which manages access to high-performance computing resources. Just remember that many of our customers then cloud is about being able to access high-performance computing at scale and enabling some of these larger, high-fidelity simulations to run at scale. And so last quarter on this call, I talked about the scalability of some of our products that was enabled by a customer for us with the technical university of Eindhoven where they had solved an aerodynamic problem with something like 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. And that scalability is possible, of course, because of core technical advancements that we've done. So for example, we sped up mesh generation by 20x, which is obviously a bottleneck in the creation of detailed simulation of transient phenomena. But also, we were in a position to give access to cloud computing resources. And in fact, just this week, Satya Nadella and his keynote at Microsoft Ignite, used the same example to show what is possible on the ANSYS cloud platform, which is essentially ANSYS products running on Azure on the world's most powerful AI supercomputer. 
So that was one example, I think, of cloud that I'm excited about. We support flexible licensing models. We support an elastic pay-as-you-go model. We support a hybrid model, which mixes and matches elastic as well as lease licenses. And this year, we've continued to expand the number of products that we've added into our cloud capabilities. For example, we've added in Edina, we've added in our Lumerical products. We've added in SO2 certification. We've continued to improve our overall customer experience. And we've also seen significant increases in cloud usage. So 1 of the ways that we monitor that, of course, is by looking at core hours. And this year, year-to-date, we're seeing almost 4x as many core hours as compared to this time last year. And we still haven't hit that inflection point. 
So we believe that there is still much greater demand within our customer base. And we're watching our customers. We're seeing where they're going, we're anticipating where they're going, and we're giving them the opportunity to be able to drive some of the scale-out compute. So I'm really excited about where we are with cloud and some of that capability. There was a number of other things, I'm sure that were also mentioned in that conversation. Some of the things that we're excited about are the new capabilities we have in our product. We've talked about AIML and how AIML supports our technology and simulation. All of those are interrelated because the advances that we make in one area can be delivered to our customers in other ways. And that allows us to be a more responsive vendor to our customers or partner to our customers. It allows us to continue to drive leadership in the marketplace. 
So that was the first question. What was the second question, Jay, with -- it was around...

Yes. No. So I think if the question is, are we continuing to make investments in that area, that's absolutely the case. We do continue to make investments in the area. We think our relationship that we have with our customers at a technical level is something that our customers value. It gives us insight into the way we work with our customers use our technology. And it's a 2-way street. We're in a position to help our customers as they evolve. And certainly, we're in a position to take customer feedback and insight into the next generation of our products coming in from the field. So I think we're excited and we continue to make investments in those areas.

And as far as how the acquisition comes together, as I've said many times, acquisitions are not a strategy unto themselves, acquisitions are in support of a strategy. And clearly, 1 of the areas that we have continued to drive is the broadening of our multiphysics capability. As I mentioned in the call, we have some leading optical simulation products and capabilities, but ZMAX obviously has been on our radar for a while as an opportunity for us to be able to broaden and deepen our portfolio in that space. And I think in the script, you heard me talk about our customers who are using all of the products and how the technologies can work together to support their R&D efforts. And so this kind of technology fits right into our go-to-market motion. Our salespeople are very familiar with being able to position technology of this nature. So it's a very natural acquisition for us to conclude. We are excited about the technology. We're excited about bringing those people on board.

So I can't talk about what any specific company may on or may not do. But what I can tell you is that we're really excited that we can make our technology available to customers who are not necessarily experts in using simulation. Our strategy for simulation is to take simulation and make it more pervasive across the product life cycle. And part of that is creating applications that are easier for non-engineers to use. And so as part of our strategy, we're creating applications that include various elements of our technology that can be integrated together to deliver a SaaS experience for our end users, wherein they can simply invoke our technology under the covers, if you will, to solve specific problems. 
So those are the kinds of applications that we are excited also about bringing to market. And those are not those -- that's typically not an area that we've historically participated in, but we certainly see that as being part of the overall strategy that we've driving of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle.

So we're seeing -- we're certainly seeing customers wanting to take more advantage of the cloud during the -- and certainly, that happened during the pandemic when people were working remotely and didn't have access -- as easy access to their offices. And that certainly drove some cloud usage. I mean, the fact remains that we can give our customers who want to take advantage of our technology, we can give our customers an experience where they have elastic compute driven from the cloud. It's a SaaS-like experience. We can give them that using our elastic licensing capabilities. So that feels to them like a SaaS experience. And similarly, we can give our access -- we can give our customers access to on-premises technology in a lease model, which they've used for a while. So we give our customers a choice of what they want to be in a position to do. ANSYS Cloud gives them that ability to support the need for cloud compute, both from the solver perspective as well as scale up for HPC. 
So it really is up to the customers and many of our customers have made investments that are that are within their own building out data centers, so they take advantage -- they prefer to take advantage of their own data centers. Some customers will look at the amount of data that they have to manage. I mean when you think about a simulation, a complex multivariate simulation that's running across multiple or multivarioptimization could result in terabytes of information. And so, so then there's a question of where do you store that information and how do you keep it? Do you move it from one cloud to another. What is their standard model. 
So it's not simply a matter of moving parts into the cloud. It's really thinking holistically from the part of the customers on where and how they want to make this transition because it's an entire workflow that's across multiple vendors that needs to be managed. And I think we're very well positioned. Our technology is ready for the cloud. We're very well positioned. We're excited about our capabilities. And it really is a matter of meeting the customers as and when they're ready.

And the way we built our product, Jackson, is that customers can bring their own licenses, right? So it turns -- you can seamlessly take advantage of both ANSYS cloud compute capabilities as well as you can take advantage of license running on premises. And so the fact that we give you the flexibility of managing that, that's what customers are looking for. And so we're not asking them to give up their investments in their on-prem compute. If they've got that, that's great, they can take advantage of that. And in addition, they can take advantage of cloud. Or if they want to choose to completely take advantage of the cloud, they can do that too. So that flexibility is what customers are looking for, and we're in a position to support them with that.

Yes. I'm not sure what you mean by the mall ability. I think that, firstly, Dyna provided an explicit analysis capability into the portfolio, which obviously has use cases -- a wide variety of use cases. And we've continued to expand those use cases within the ANSYS portfolio as we've integrated the technologies together and combine both explicit and implicit capabilities. It broadens the addressable opportunity. So that's obviously the case. 
I think perhaps you might be referring to the announcement we -- the comment I made about Fujitsu. And I think in that, what is important to recognize is that the Dyna solver is available on the Fujitsu machine on their prime HPC supercomputer. And essentially, because that machine is efficient, we can help our customers because they are supporting diner on the -- they're supporting their large-scale Dyna runs on the Fujitsu hardware platform, and that's more efficient because they can offload some of their simulation workload on to an efficient compute platform. So that was the point on that piece. And hopefully, that clarifies the comment about Fujitsu.

Thanks, Kelsey. So I'm really excited about our excellent execution, broad customer base and our robust pipeline. Our customers' reliance on simulation the strengthening of the small and medium business market and our ability to close large contracts only add to that excitement and give me further confidence as we look to close out 2021. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues. You have my gratitude for delivering yet another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Enjoy the rest of your day.