Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. 
Q1 has given ANSYS an excellent start to the year, with strong results across our key performance metrics. We exceeded the high end of our revenue guidance by delivering constant currency revenue growth of 16%.
Our operating cash flow was robust, increasing 14% year-over-year, and we reported record first quarter EPS of $1.29. To reflect the momentum across our business, I'm pleased to announce that we are raising our full year guidance. Maria will provide further details.
Our financial success is propelled by a unique multiphysics portfolio and a drive to make simulation pervasive throughout the product life cycle, a distinct combination that helps our customers solve their most complex product problems.
In Q1, we enjoyed success across most of our industry verticals, with particular strength in the high-tech sector. Given the unique challenges that high-tech companies face and with our growing momentum in that sector, I would like to highlight ANSYS' value proposition to those companies and some of our successes in the vertical. 
The high-tech industry stands at a crossroads, thanks to megatrends like 5G, AI, autonomy, electrification and data centers. Those trends, coupled with intense competition across the vertical, are spurring customer innovation, thus driving even higher demand for multiphysics simulation. And that's why hundreds of high-tech leaders, including the vast majority of the top companies in semiconductor, smart devices, telecommunications and data centers are using ANSYS to address many of their product challenges. For example, customers are increasingly relying on ANSYS' unique solution set to make 5G a reality. 5G networks require an unprecedented number of base stations, creating more complex connectivity, energy efficiency and thermal management challenges.
Our solutions help users examining the performance of a base station in large-scale environments to ensure connectivity is maintained while base station placement is optimized. Combined with our chip-package-system workflow, we can help customers tackle the critical power and thermal management issues on a single platform.
In Q1, we closed the deal with an Asian telecommunications company to design and analyze the 5G networks they're building. 
The company is using ANSYS solutions to increase the performance of antennas in their base stations to accommodate the higher frequencies inherent in 5G communication. After a head-to-head comparison, this telecom customer chose ANSYS because of our complete multiphysics simulations platform.
Solutions that help our customers grapple with the complexities of megatrends like 5G are based on our market-leading portfolio, including gold standards, such as ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk-SC. 
ANSYS HFSS enables users to design and simulate high-frequency electronic products such as antennas, microwave components, high-speed interconnects, IC packages and PCBs. With its unmatched accuracy, the modern architecture of HFSS empowers users to solve complex electromagnetic and electromechanical problems across hundreds of cores and enables customers like Samsung, NVIDIA and Ericsson to develop amazing products.
We continue to extend our leadership with HFSS through our recent releases as well as through strategic acquisitions. 
In Q1, we released our EMI Scanner, which is new functionality in HFSS to quickly identify areas of potential electromagnetic interference on PCB designs prior to simulation. This helps customers to eliminate errors while speeding time to market.
And as we discussed on our last call, we further expanded our leadership in the electronics industry in Q1 with the acquisition of Helic, the industry-leading provider of electromagnetic crosstalk solutions for systems on a chip. The acquisition of Helic, combined with ANSYS' flagship electromagnetic and semiconductor solvers, provides a comprehensive solution for on-chip 3D integrated circuit and chip-package-system electromagnetics and noise analysis.
Reaction has been overwhelmingly positive with industry leaders praising us for combining the best technology for off-chip electromagnetics in HFSS with the most innovative on-chip electromagnetics technology in Helic.
DfR Solutions, our latest acquisition which closed this week is helping customers address their product challenges by ensuring the reliability of their electronics. DfR Solutions is the leading provider of automated design analysis software and comprehensive services for electronic component and material supply chains.
DfR bolsters our electronics reliability capabilities with an automated designer level solution to quickly and easily analyze the potential for electronics failures. And I'm excited to welcome the DfR team into the ANSYS family.
Moving to our semiconductor solutions, ANSYS RedHawk-SC is the world's first purpose-built big data system for the semiconductor industry. And I'm proud to say that 100% of our 7-nanometer base is using RedHawk-SC, which is undefeated in all head-to-head technical benchmarks. Our customers and foundry partners recognize that ANSYS is accelerating its leadership in chip-package-system multiphysics with innovative new product like RedHawk-SC, with integrated workflows using our flagship solvers such as HFSS and with our targeted technology acquisitions.
TSMC, the world's largest semiconductor foundry, has recognized ANSYS with Partner of the Year awards in each of the last 3 years, and in Q1, they certified our semiconductor solutions for SoIC advanced 3D chip stacking technology.
Our work on developing solutions for the high-tech industry is paying off. In Q1, Seagate Technology, a world leader in precision engineered data storage and management solutions entered into a multiyear enterprise agreement expanding the use of ANSYS simulation software worldwide. Demands on Seagate's development teams are increasing. Reaching capacity, performance and environmental goals on schedule increasingly requires more simulation across all engineering disciplines. ANSYS' solutions deliver technical and business value, helping Seagate maximize data potential. 
Similarly, LG Electronics also inked a new enterprise agreement with ANSYS to help support the company's continued commitment to delivering highly innovative mobile devices, home entertainment and appliance applications to customers worldwide. LG expects this expanded access to our multiphysics suite to drive innovation, shortened product development cycles and accelerated product design.
Moving away from high technology, we have seen considerable traction with another recent acquisition, Granta Design, the premier provider of materials information technology.
In early Q2, ANSYS closed the largest deal in Granta's history at a leading aerospace company to enable materials intelligence and materials data management across their organization. This deal was made possible by the combination of Granta's mission-critical technology, the long-standing relationship the customer has had with ANSYS and their confidence in ANSYS' ability to successfully integrate Granta.
We're also enjoying success with our key partnerships. For example, our award-winning Discovery Live solution, which brings real-time simulation capabilities to design engineers is reaching new audiences, thanks to our partnership with PTC.
During Q1, PTC released Creo Simulation Live, embedded with ANSYS Discovery Live technology. During its earnings call last week, PTC reported that it had already booked deals with 70 customers. As previously discussed, we expect the near-term financial impact to be immaterial but we see upside in the longer term. 
Similarly, SAP showcased its Predictive Engineering Insights enabled by ANSYS solution at the Hannover Messe industrial fair in Germany. Their designed-to-operate demo featured an automated fluid handling system designed by packaging and bottling machine manufacturer PRO-NES, which showcased digital twin capabilities enabled by ANSYS. And just recently, SAP and ANSYS highlighted joint success with a leading air compressor company.
Using the SAP ANSYS solution, the company was able to streamline its customer delivery time from months to hours by eliminating the need for engineering teams to perform detailed technical customization and analysis work.
Predictive Engineering Insights empowers field-based sales teams to save critical time and engineering resources.
With our strong Q1 financial results, our continued momentum in high-growth industry verticals such as high tech, our investment in leading technology and our focus on expanding the value from our partnerships and our acquisitions, we remain confident that we'll achieve our goals and objectives. 
Like our customers, we're focused on innovation, on solving the toughest problem and on delivering results. We believe this is a winning combination and our performance speaks for itself.
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?

And then with respect to the PTC partnership, we're very excited about the PTC partnership, I think it's going well. We announced the partnership, as you know, in June of '18. And they released Creo Simulate Live, which is Creo embedded with ANSYS technology in Q1. And they've created essentially a solution that adds simulations into the CAD environment. And so engineers can see the real-time results of simulation at -- in the CAD environment that allows them to make the kind of trade-off and design changes they need to early in the design process. Based on what they said during their investor call, they've closed 70 CSL deals in Q1, essentially across all geographies, industry verticals, both direct and indirect. And they've built a promising pipeline for future quarters, and we're excited about the auction pattern and that's consistent with what we've seen which is, customers will use the technology and then start to broaden. They've also announced that they're going to be backporting CSL to Creo 4, which is essentially where a larger portion of their install base, primarily their enterprise customers are. And that will allow them to benefit from upfront simulation. So this -- I think it's going well. We're excited about that and the relationship is strong.

And Jay, just briefly touch on generative design. We're excited about the direction that the industry is taking with generative design. We think that's an opportunity for us to increase the penetration of simulation into the marketplace. Because as you think about generative design, the improvement of a design continues to require rapid iterations and simulation. And so where historically simulation might have been someone, an individual, creating a design and then subsequently validating it in the world of generative design and frankly, in the world that we're talking about, where more people are creating technology and creating products, the opportunity for simulations provide that rapid feedback and -- to both human beings as well as provides guidance as you start to think about a generative kind of solution. It makes sense, it drives the use of simulation. So we're very excited about our position in the marketplace. We think that generative will be another driver of the use of simulation. And we think that's completely consistent with the product strategy that we're driving. What we're doing in things like SPDM, allow us to continue to manage the huge amounts of simulations data that's being generated. Obviously, with generative design, there will be more simulation data. So this is completely consistent with the direction that we're going. And frankly, we're very excited about it.

So we certainly are excited about the PTC partnership. They've been good partners and we continue to support them. The opportunity that we see obviously is for designers to be able to take advantage of simulation, not just experienced analyst, the designers to be able to take advantages of simulation. And frankly, we believe in an open ecosystem, so no matter which CAD solution someone's using, we're perfectly content and delighted for those customers to take advantage of the CAD capability from any vendor and to take advantage of ANSYS simulation. But obviously, with PTC we have a tighter relationship, where PTC is OEM-ing our technology and integrated -- integrating it directly into Creo.

Just on the partnerships question. Just to clarify, what specifically are you asking me to comment on, please?

Sure. So the strategy that we've articulated is one where simulation becomes pervasive throughout the product life cycle. And what we mean by that is that any place where product is being touched, whether it's in the inception phase where the people are thinking about a product, in the ideation phase, whether it's deep design, whether it's manufacturing and things like additive manufacturing, whether it's operations, whether it's in the product itself, we believe that simulations can play a role because frankly, an understanding of the physics of the product and understanding of how the product is -- could operate or will operate or is operating is very important in -- for customer value and customer benefit. So we see simulation is playing this much deeper role across the product life cycle. Now historically, we've been in a particular part of that product life cycle, which has been in the tail end of the design process for validation or for sign-off. And increasingly, as you see from the strategy that we've been pursuing, it's to make simulation available in multiple places. Now in -- the way we're doing that is obviously we have our own go-to-market, but we're also looking at those areas where others have a very strong presence and we're integrating our technology into others who have a strong presence or own a particular workflow. And that's one of the reasons why when you think about the EDA space, for example, we're partnering with Synopsis, where Synopsis is taking our technology and integrating it into their products as part of the workflow. We're partnering with PTC because they have a presence in the CAD space. We're partnering with SAP, as you start to think about operations. And so the way you should think about our partnering strategy, it's driven by the ability to work with industry leaders who are in their space, who are key providers of a workflow or a capability at some point in the product life cycle. And since we have an open strategy, our intention is to be able to integrate with their workflows and let our simulation capabilities be present in their product offering and their solution offering, and obviously, they're taking it to market through their channels, through their resellers and so forth. So we see this as a win for ANSYS. And that's a strategy that we've been pursuing and that's a strategy we'll continue to pursue.

Yes, so when I came on board and certainly, Rich -- Rick came on board shortly after I did, our focus was on looking at the go-to-market to try to figure out how we could optimize the go-to-market. And the model that we were dealing with earlier was, I would say a more -- it was a model that was relevant for an earlier time in the ANSYS life cycle. And it was more of a one-size-fits-all in terms of how we addressed the market opportunity. Today what we have is a more differentiated go-to-market where we take advantage of a direct sales force to go after the large deals and the larger territory deals. And we've done some channel to be able to have a channel focus on more of the volume business. And then, of course, we also have some inside sales activities. And so there's been a pretty significant, as you point out, change in our go-to-market, which has allowed us to continue to grow our business across a number of different dimensions. We've also continued to make investments in our ACE organization or our technical organizational, technical sales organization. And that's, of course, helped overall. And our channel partners have also continued to blossom. We've brought more channel partners on board, and they've continued to bring on more ACE capacity or technical capacity as well to be able to support customers. So that's the journey that we've been on, that's a journey that obviously is an ongoing journey. We continue to make refinements to that model. And you -- and we will continue to do that this year, through next year and beyond. But the basic bones that we've talked about have been put in place. And now we're starting to think about how we would optimize within that structure. In some cases does it make sense to have more -- some -- a particular vertical focus in certain areas? And those are the kinds of questions that we're exploring. But again, we have a very enviable business model within ANSYS. And that's in the backs of the kinds of products and capabilities that we have and the customer relationships that we've been able to maintain. And that's something that we hold very dear to us. And so our go-to-market model and the changes that we make will support that. And we're not planning on doing anything to disrupt our go-to-market capabilities.

And if I can just add to what Maria said, she's absolutely correct. I mean if you start to spend time with our field organization. I spent a fair amount of time out in the field with customers as well and with the organization, you get a sense of the strength of the pipeline. And obviously, we're very excited about the capabilities that we can provide. We -- I've talked about some of them in my script. I mean we have conversation with companies where we talk about things like the autonomy, electrification, for example, in the auto industry. Those are conversations which are much deeper and broader than conversations that we may have had with similar companies in the past. Similarly, in the electronic space, that I talked about in my remarks earlier and other industries. And that's because of the capabilities that we're able to provide, it's because of where the industries are right now, and because of the nature of solutions that we can point to. So the pipeline is looking strong, we're excited about where we are. This was always a back-end loaded year, as we had indicated earlier. There's a lot of activity in Q3 and Q4. But we're confident that we have visibility into that and we understand how to land our business. So we're excited about the year.

I think the answer was -- I think the answer to all -- I think it was a yes to answer all of your questions. So yes, it was. Those were -- in the quarter, those were multiyear deals. And yes, there was some impact of partner activity in our indirect number.

It's a hard question to answer in terms of exact predictions of what's going to happen. There clearly is value proposition for smaller customers who don't have an investment in the data center to take advantage of the -- the sort of the native HPC capability that we're making available through ANSYS cloud -- native to the cloud. So with the ANSYS cloud solution that we've just released most recently in Q1, we have an offering that essentially is -- has the following capabilities that I think are important to your question. The first is that it's -- it allows for performance, high performance. It's essentially building on the investments that we've made in HPC. And we're providing a compute optimized clouds infrastructure that's configured and optimized for ANSYS solvers. And so essentially, any customer can take advantage of ANSYS Solutions as scaled and in the public cloud because of the work that we've done. And then the second piece that makes it important is that the ANSYS cloud is accessible from within ANSYS products, and so, someone can be sitting there at a screen working with an ANSYS product and then immediately take advantage of the cloud, so it's completely seamless. And of course, since we're running on the back end on Microsoft Azure in this case, it gives global access and best-in-class security. So we've made essentially the experience of using cloud drop dead simple and it's as easy as it needs to be. And of course, with the on-demand licensing that we can provide of the paper use licensing, that gives them -- that's a third way to complement traditional leases and paid up, and that gives them flexibility of usage. So given that -- given the performance, given the access, given the flexibility that we have with our ANSYS cloud offerings, we would expect the opportunity for customers -- or customers to seize the opportunity both large as well as small. Small customers who don't necessarily have any infrastructure, obviously they'll be excited and interested in that. But equally, large customers who're project oriented, who are -- went back into HPC, resources aren't available. We've seen interest from large customers as well. So we expect both of those to continue. I couldn't tell you where demand is going to be higher or lower, but we certainly see demand across both of those segments for the reasons that I've mentioned.

So thanks, Sterling. I mentioned -- I talked a little bit about HFSS in my script. But perhaps it's worth -- since you asked the question, it's worth emphasizing a couple of points. The first thing to understand is ANSYS HFSS serves an important and growing market and is the gold standard, it is the industry-leading product. It's solves -- HFSS solves some of the most complex electromagnetic problems, spans a vast number of industries and it covers both the RF and the SI space. So this includes problems in high-growth areas that range from radar in autonomous vehicles to phase their antenna for 5G telecom to IC circuits, frankly, that are in all manner of electronic products. So it's no surprise to us and it's no wonder that other vendors want to compete in this growing space. But the point is, competing isn't that easy. We are today the leader in this space and we've been for -- we've been the leader for almost 3 decades. And customers have trusted HFSS for decades to solve their most complex problems and they continue to place their confidence in us. We are -- technology with references in tens of thousands of peer-published IEEE publications, we are absolutely justified in saying that we're the industry's gold standard. And we've been able to maintain our leadership because we've continued to make significant investments in HFSS over the years. And the product today incorporates breakthroughs in both methods, which is starting the physics as well as in processing sort of the computer science. So to give you some details, customers trust the accuracy of HFSS because of our technology and leadership, and one example is in the area of automatic adaptive mesh refinement, which provides accurate, consistent and repeatable answers within an air tolerance as specified by users. And this is the cornerstone required for predicting accurate answers and frankly, why so many global customers trust HFSS to solve their electromagnetic challenges. HFSS today is available, of course, on-prem for customers to use within their own data centers, but it's also available in the public cloud and this month, natively on Azure with the ANSYS cloud offering that I just talked about. To give you some perspective of performance, in a recent benchmark, HFSS solved an IoT PCB using 128 cores, which is a pretty typical customer configuration. 128 cores resulting in a 40x speedup versus 1 core. And so to put that in perspective, that's approximately 1 hour versus approximately 40 hours. And that's impressive. And it's also important to note that as per the previous comment I made about cloud that the cloud will democratize that scalability and it'll make it available for every single customer. And then we've introduced some technology that reduces RAM consumption by a factor of 3. So in the customer benchmark that I just mentioned, RAM usage went down from 176 gigabytes to 64 gigabytes, again, significantly improving solve efficiency. HFSS is a great product that serves customers around the world in an attractive market. The competitive mode around the product, the competitive mode around HFSS it's broad, it's deep and it's filled with hungry alligators. PowerPoint presentations are easy, products are hard.

Thank you, operator. Given the strength of our Q1, our robust pipeline of direct channel and partner-driven deals and our partner leadership across physics, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our goals and objective. ANSYS is well positioned to broaden our market opportunity and to extend our leadership in both the near term as well as in the long term. That confidence is made possible due to the tireless work of customers, partners and of course, my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you, all, for your efforts, and thank you for another exceptional quarter. 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I look forward to the next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.