Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was another record-setting quarter for ANSYS. We surpassed the high end of our guidance in revenue as well as earnings per share, setting new Q2 records in each category. 
Our ACV growth was excellent, coming in at mid-teens for the quarter in constant currency. Based on our outstanding financial performance and the strength of our pipeline, I'm excited to announce that we're raising our 2019 revenue, EPS and ACV guidance for the second time this year. Maria will provide the details shortly.
Our success over the past several quarters is due to a number of factors, including our strategy of making simulations pervasive across the product life cycle. That strategy is driving more simulation, and therefore, larger deals. We're operating across 2 vectors to increase the size of our deals: first, by enabling deeper penetration of a single physics through new use cases and users; and second, cross-selling our broad multiphysics portfolio to help customers address modern product challenges.
Let me give you an example of the first vector. In Q2, we closed a $49 million deal, the third largest in our history, with a South Korean high-tech leader. This, the largest single-physics deal in our history, demonstrates that we can significantly increase the size of our transactions with the power of our gold-standard solutions.
Moving to the second vector. As products become more complex, companies are increasingly addressing product challenges that involve multiple physics. That creates significant opportunities across our market-leading multiphysics portfolio. In Q2, we closed a large multiphysics deal with a U.S. Department of Defense prime contractor. In addition to our flagship physics solutions, our materials intelligence solutions from this year's Granta Design acquisition, coupled with the additive manufacturing applications built on the foundation from the 3DSIM acquisition, were key considerations in the deal to help them modernize their workforce and accelerate the development of complex systems. This is just one of many examples that demonstrates our technology leadership and the broad moat that separates us from our competitors.
On the partnership side, I was excited to discuss our alliance with SAP and the value that we are jointly bringing to customers during a presentation at SAP's Sapphire Now conference. During the conference, we heard how SAP's Predictive Engineering Insights Enabled by ANSYS has helped a customer to streamline its order time line from months to days. SAP representatives also joined me during June's Paris Air Show, where we showcased the benefits of digital twin technology with leaders from the aerospace and defense industry. 
Our partnership with PTC, where ANSYS Discovery Live has been embedded into PTC's new Creo Simulation Live, is also gaining momentum. During its most recent earnings call, PTC reported that it has closed 76 transactions with an average deal size above the previous quarter's level. Our 2 companies collaborated at the defense contractor I mentioned earlier, resulting in PTC landing the largest ever Creo Simulation Live deal and the ANSYS team closing a substantial Discovery Live order. That contractor is noteworthy because it intends to deploy both Creo Simulation Live and ANSYS Discovery Live to potentially thousands of users across multiple business units. That demonstrates the opportunity for Discovery Live at some of the largest enterprises, where it complements traditional simulation and CAD offerings and drives even more value for users.
Staying with Discovery Live for a moment, I'm excited that this new product continues to garner accolades from the market as well as the media. The most recent recognition was from Fast Company, which in its September issue named ANSYS as one of the 50 Best Workplaces for Innovators for our development of this groundbreaking product. 
In past earnings calls, I've highlighted specific products or solution areas in the ANSYS portfolio. For example, during our Q1 call, I spoke about how our gold-standard solutions like ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk are driving success in their respective markets. 
In Q2, I'd like to highlight the ANSYS solutions that are making autonomous vehicles a reality. With an estimated $7 trillion impact on the global economy by 2050, the financial implications of autonomous vehicles are considerable and will dramatically impact OEMs and the entire supply chain. Given the sophistication, complexity and safety-critical nature of these products, it is clear that they cannot be developed without the extensive use of simulation. As a result, we are seeing increased interest from automotive OEMs, A&D companies and their entire supply chains to make these next-generation vehicles a reality. And while there may be speculation around the timing of when truly autonomous vehicles will take to our roads and airways, the simulation work around autonomy is paying dividends in the form of ongoing improvements in vehicle safety, features and efficiency. 
ANSYS' best-in-class multiphysics products, coupled with leading technologies that we've obtained through our recent acquisitions, including medini and OPTIS, are enabling automakers and aircraft manufacturers to virtually test their products to ensure safety and reliability for these future transportation systems.
In Q2, we announced a landmark deal with automotive leader, BMW, to create what we believe to be the industry's first holistic simulation toolchain for developing autonomous vehicle technologies. The toolchain will optimize valuable test data by providing a development framework around rigorous safety planning, efficient test-based exploration and data analytics in a virtual driving environment. Using this solution, the company expects to launch its highly automated BMW iNEXT in 2021. As part of this agreement, ANSYS will also assume exclusive rights to the BMW-developed portion of this toolchain for commercialization to the wider market. 
Autonomy will affect multiple industries, including automotive and aerospace and defense. In Q2, we also announced an agreement with Airbus Defence and Space which will use ANSYS SCADE solutions to enable safety-critical controls with sophisticated artificial intelligence, with the goal of fully autonomous flight by 2030. Airbus plans to use our solutions to link traditional model-based software development with new AI-based workflows. Their goal is to drive the development and certification of drone flight control software to accelerate time to market and cut associated expenses.
We further expanded our product leadership in the simulation of autonomous systems with the Q2 release of ANSYS 2019 R2. In R2, we've expanded the capabilities of our VRXPERIENCE driving simulator to prepare advanced scenarios and run simulations with complete and accurate multibody vehicle dynamics. This innovation is already being used by automotive leader, Renault, to reduce physical testing, shorten time to market and ensure safety for its autonomous vehicle initiatives.
R2 also dramatically enhances capabilities crucial to the design and analysis of radar use in autonomous vehicles. Our new innovation around accelerated Doppler processing provides more than 100x speed-up for the time it takes to simulate radar systems. This new breakthrough capability delivers gold-standard accuracy and enhances collaboration between radar sensor designers and the OEMs that incorporate the sensors on vehicles.
Autonomous vehicles have the potential to fundamentally reshape the way we think about safety, mobility, land use and our environment. With our powerful multiphysics solutions and partnerships, I am excited that ANSYS is well positioned strategically and can play a role in making the dream of autonomous vehicles a reality. This represents a significant long-term market opportunity for ANSYS.
Switching gears, I'd like to welcome Lynn Ledwith as our Vice President of Marketing. Lynn has more than 30 years of experience and brings an outstanding track record across digital and field marketing as well as corporate branding. She has held marketing leadership positions at Worldwide Clinical Trials, Qlik Technologies, Sungard, Siemens and HP, amongst others. Lynn brings a fresh approach to how we market that will open new avenues to build demand and to branding.
In summary, I'm proud of what we've accomplished in Q2. Our excellent financial performance, coupled with the increased functionality of our gold-standard solutions and our ability to help customers take advantage of megatrends like autonomy, electrification, 5G, IoT and others, give us confidence in our ability to achieve our goals for the remainder of 2019 and beyond.
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?

Yes. There's always an opportunity for us to convert single-physics deals into multiphysics deals. Obviously, some of it depends on the use cases, so I'm speaking in generalities, but it depends on the use cases the customers are -- have for their specific application. 
But I said, in general, as I said on the call, we're trying to expand deal sizes not only by focusing on single physics, as is the case with this one, but we're also trying to drive the multiphysics cross-sell across the organization. And those two work together. So even as we deepen single physics, we're continuing to look at broadening the multiphysics. And even in an organization which has a multiphysics sale, there's opportunities to deepen individual physics. So they're both working kind of work in parallel with each other. But absolutely, it's the basis of our ability to drive larger deals.

So let me start with the second question first. As you know, we at ANSYS pride ourselves on the nature of our technology, the accuracy of our solutions and the effectiveness that we have in bringing new ideas and new technologies and new techniques to market, and we continue to make investments. And obviously, Jay, what you're referring to and what you saw is a glimpse into some of the work that we're doing within our organization to continue to drive innovation. You mentioned the cloud. Obviously, we're continuing to make investments in the cloud. We continue to drive product -- product capabilities in the cloud. We have most recently an announcement, I think a couple of quarters ago, for ANSYS Cloud, which is obviously driving -- which is driving cloud usage as well as, of course, HPC usage within the traditional data center. 
We've talked about investments that we're making in computational techniques that result in faster speed-up of our algorithms. We continue to make investments. In fact, I referred to one of those investments where we were able to get 100x speed-up in some of our capabilities in my script.
So I think that there is a significant amount of investment that we're making in a different set of vectors. You mentioned componentized architectures, and that obviously reflects the next generation as we invest in our platform activity. We have an industry-leading platform in the form of ANSYS Workbench and we continue to make investments in that technology as well. 
So there's a number of different investments we're making in machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, all of which we think support our business and make us most successful. So that's obviously the case and you're seeing some of that and I'm glad you were able to see that presentation.
As far as the industry verticals are concerned, what I'm excited about, of course, is the growth that we're seeing in the high-tech markets, aerospace and defense and automotive. And all of these areas are driving business. There's a significant level of industry focus on those areas, and frankly, those constitute tailwinds that are driving the growth of our business. And we're excited about the activity that's taking place, and the activity that's taking place really permeates the entire supply chain. And in many cases, as you know, when we think about the end markets, we refer to customers where they belong, even though from -- an electronics company might be supplying other companies elsewhere in the supply chain as well. So I hope that answers your question.

So usually, what happens is, firstly, there are obviously 2 vectors. One is there are more users using the technology and there's more usage of that technology, and that might be in more use cases. That may be in more complex products that require greater amounts of simulation. Our sales teams engage with the customers. We try to understand the nature of the technologies -- the nature of the problems that they're trying to solve and we are obviously effective in positioning simulation as a way of being able to address some of their challenges. And so as they take on more and more different products, in some cases across different departments, across different parts of their organization, the success that we're enjoying in one part of the organization starts to become infectious across that organization. And so I think that that's one important dimension. 
The other thing to realize is as products become more complex, the amount of simulation required to validate or to effectively launch those products increases and that requires more simulation to be run. So that's greater use of HPC, high-performance computing, and that translates obviously into ultimately more business for ANSYS. 
And so it's more users, it's more use cases, it's more HPC, all of which drive the use within a single physics.
And then of course, as I've said before, problems tend to be multiphysics in nature, especially for larger companies that are looking at systems and broader products. And in that case, we're able to then leverage a single-physics into a multiphysics sale.

So if -- when we think about the automotive industry, the 2 broad trends, I would say, that are perhaps addressing and changing the way that the automotive industry thinks, the first is electrification and the use of electric power to drive these cars, and the second is autonomy and the use of -- and the creation of safer and smarter cars leading ultimately to autonomous cars. And both of those are massive -- there's massive levels of investment in both of those areas. And if you have a conversation with an automotive company, those 2 areas tend to be huge areas where they're spending money, they're retooling, they are trying to make sure that they can stay ahead as the industry goes through this transition. So those remain big. 
But at the same time, car companies are building cars. So they're still worried about the fundamentals that they've worried about for many years, which include how you deal with structural analysis and integrity. But to give you one example, the problems of structures and vibration analysis and noise is an area that we've been in for a number of years. We've helped customers solve that problem.
Well, when you move to an electric car, that problem becomes even more pronounced. And so what might have been okay with an internal combustion engine, which was drowning out the noise in a car, is no longer okay when you're dealing with an electric car, which might be much quieter. So the problems that they're dealing with and they're trying to solve, in some cases, are even more complex because of this new technology. And so absolutely, we see an ongoing demand for simulation to be used not only where it's historically been used, but also for these incremental new use cases like electrification and autonomy.
The other thing that I would draw attention to is materials. I mean companies are starting to look at the use of different materials, and understanding the role of materials and the nature of the interaction between the material they use and the outcome that they get, that's also important. And of course, that's where some of the acquisitions and technology that we got through Granta come in to play a role. So when I think about the automotive industry, every single one of our technologies and techniques, whether it was original ANSYS Mechanical, which was the heritage and the foundation of the company, to the most recent acquired technologies that we have, are all relevant for the automotive industry and are solving problems that are absolutely pertinent and center to them being successful as they go forward in the industry.

Well, as you know, we have had a strategy for a number of years that we've been executing against to integrate our products together through the ANSYS Workbench, and that continues to be the strategy. It was a very innovative solution that make -- that made simulation dramatically easier, and it gave us a framework and a mechanism by which new technologies could be integrated together. And frankly, our strategy continues to be to drive that level of platform integration both through Workbench. And as I said earlier, we continue to invest in our ongoing platform work to componentize the platform, to make it easier for people to drive that level of integration because we believe an open strategy here is in the best interests of ANSYS and our customers. So we define APIs. We allow third parties to integrate in. We certainly integrate our technologies together when we define workflows, and we continue to do that. And that's part of the strategy that we have had for a number of years. Of course, we continue to increase our level of investment in that. 
When you think about some of these next-generation challenges that we're addressing with our customers, I mentioned electrification, I mentioned autonomy, 5G, et cetera, these are also intrinsically multiphysics solutions which require an integrated workflow. And we're able to position and provide those to our customers as well based on the integration work we've done across our products.

I mean the value proposition for Discovery Live is really unchanged from what it's been and what I've described in the past, namely, Discovery Live offers an individual a very quick way, a real-time way, of getting a directionally accurate solution in -- or an analysis of a particular problem. The real-time nature of Discovery Live is what makes it so valuable. And the fact that it's so intuitive to use and so easy to use is what makes Discovery Live accurate.
Now we found that there are use cases certainly where customers or users are completely new to simulation will see the benefit of the use of Discovery Live, and there are -- we have cases where that's the case.
And we also have other cases where Discovery Live is being used by much -- by people who are much more adept -- who have used simulation in the past, in fact are able to use the ANSYS flagship tools as part of their day-to-day work, but are using Discovery Live to give them a directional idea of where they need to apply deeper levels of simulation. And obviously, as I said, the value proposition for Discovery Live is it gives them that immediate feedback without having to do the deeper analysis. And then they can use that immediate feedback to figure out where they should start looking to do deeper analysis. 
So we see both of those kinds of use cases. Certainly, when you think about enterprise customers, you see exactly that because there are people within larger enterprise organizations who are users of ANSYS, and you see people in there who are taking advantage of Discovery Live who are not currently users of the ANSYS suite but take advantage of Discovery Live to give them insight -- simulation-based insight.
Now as far as the coexistence with PTC is concerned, as an example, in CAD, or in general with CAD, there are some -- there's a cadre of users who are using CAD from their vendor. And what we are in a position to do in that model with PTC, of course, is to make Discovery Live capabilities visible to the CAD user natively. So someone who's laying out a CAD design will be able to use the PTC Creo Simulate Live solutions to be able to quickly iterate and that gives them, obviously, an integrated workflow within the PTC solution, and so that's an advantage. 
But there are also users, as I pointed out in the case of the defense -- DoD contractor that I referred to in my script, there are also users who are not currently CAD users. And we have a situation where -- in that case, where the customer made a decision to purchase both Discovery Live as well as PTC Creo Simulate Live. They are trying to strategically drive upfront simulation across the supply chain both internally and externally, and what they want to try to do is to get every single engineer to be able to run their own simulation, whether they're a simulation expert or not, so that they can get to more rapid and informed decisions early. And as I said, in that situation, we expect to see potentially hundreds or thousands of engineers across multiple business units taking advantage of simulation. In some cases, they'll be CAD users using the PTC solution; in some cases, they won't be CAD users and they will be taking advantage of the Discovery Live solution.
And of course, if a customer is using another CAD solution, we have natural interconnections between Discovery Live and the other CAD solutions where you have the ability to take advantage of both technologies in parallel.

I mean I think the -- Maria's comments actually said it very clearly. We have looked closely at our pipeline, and given where we are, the guidance that we're giving takes into account everything that we understand about our pipeline and what we understand about the macro and the situation in the trade discussions between the U.S. and China as well as the broader macro. So we're in a position -- our guidance is based on what we know now and what our analysis is based upon the circumstances that we see in the market today.

All the ones that I mentioned, autonomy, electrification, 5G, IoT, all of these, I think, are very early in their development. We think we're broadly very early in their development. We certainly see customers who will make significant levels of investments in this over multiple years as products get better and better and as technology starts to improve. 
Certainly, in the case of autonomous, as I mentioned and I alluded to I think in my script, I don't think you would -- you can get experts to agree on when the Level 5 full autonomy is going to be ready in the marketplace. Some people will say sooner, some people will say later. But the fact remains that on the path towards Level 5, full autonomy, there are all kinds of innovations which are being created that will make vehicles better and safer, and even partial autonomy starts to significantly improve the safety capabilities on the road. And simulation plays a significant role. 
So this is a multiyear journey that the industry is on where simulation is going to play a huge role in autonomy. And I would make the observation, of course, that it's not just in automotive. It's aerospace, it's other industrial equipment. I think I talked in an earlier conference call about undersea equipment as well, so an autonomous submersible. So there are all kinds of areas where autonomy is applicable and there continues to be enormous amounts of work ahead of us as an industry. 
Similarly for electrification, I could go through it in similar detail, and equally for 5G, equally for IoT. All of these are major, major megatrends that we believe to be multiyear trends that are, frankly, driving the growth of our core business. And so I think we're in a very enviable position as a company to have a core business that's in a very strong and actively growing part of the market and with products that are leading-edge products to be able to address customers' problems in these multiyear mega challenges that they're facing.

I think that anytime you're looking at a pipeline and trying to predict exactly what happens in the pipeline, especially for some of these larger deals, it varies on an individual customer-by-customer basis. We're not assuming -- we obviously -- the ANSYS business, as you think about the overall volume, we do have a certain number of large deals and larger customers, but of course, we have a large amount of the business that's much more -- that's much smaller, more transactional in nature. And obviously, that's easier to predict because we know we have a law of large numbers of volumes working as -- when we're dealing with the more transactional piece of the business.
For the larger deals, of course, we understand exactly what the customer problem is. We know what the value proposition is. In many cases, we have been working with the customer for a while. We understand the challenges that they're dealing with, and we understand the compelling event that's driving them to spend the money with us. They're trying to make a particular product launch. They're trying to get some particular technology out to market. They're trying to compete in a different way in the market. All of these are major drivers, and they're spending money with us to help achieve these business objectives. And so when we link these business objectives with our understanding of the value that we can provide and we put it together, given the nature of the relationships we have with some of these customers, we can predict and we factor that in into our prediction of the pipeline. So it's a more -- it's a thoughtful analysis of where we are and that results in the guidance obviously that we give to you guys.

Yes. We will obviously be able to give you a longer discussion during Investor Day when we'll talk a little bit more about Discovery Live and the technology. But I think a quick way to think about it, Gal, is that in our industry, our customers tend to be quite conservative. And even for a breakthrough product like Discovery Live, our internal expectations are that it will take time for customers to take advantage of these technologies. And so as you rightly pointed out, it's not really a material part of our business as we think about it this year or in the short term. So we'll give you more insights and perhaps be able to address these questions and others during the Investor Day presentation in a couple of months -- next month.

So one of the areas -- one of the reasons why customers are looking to ANSYS for more services is that they [ have thoughts ] to solve some of these more complex problems. And we're able to help them understand, using services capabilities -- using our services capabilities, how to solve some of these next-generation problems. So they're looking to solve some of these complex problems. They're reaching out to us to help them do that, and that's why we provide services. 
But as you know, our business model is not to be a services company. We're a software business. And services is not a big portion of our business and it's not going to be a big portion of our business going forward. Our plan is to work -- continue to work with third parties and partners as appropriate, and we're continuing to evaluate third parties to take on responsibility for some of these newer solution areas that customers are looking to. And we'll continue to drive our investments in our business where services drive license revenue. So that's the way you should think about the services business, and obviously, we don't see that services ratio really changing as a percentage of our overall revenue in the term.

We'll talk more about autonomy in general perhaps at our Investor Day, and you'll have a chance to understand a little bit more about -- perhaps, at a technical detail, about what we're doing in autonomy in general. But no, in essence, the direct answer to your question, that we're not marketing that externally at this point of time. We're working with BMW as they lead up to their launch of the BMW iNEXT, which is expected to launch within the next couple of years.

Thank you all for your questions. Before I sign off, I'd like to once again thank my colleagues at ANSYS as well as our channel partners around the world for all of their hard work and their efforts that are leading to our success. Thank you all so much, and for the rest of you, thank you for joining the call and please enjoy the rest of your day.