Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was an excellent quarter across all key metrics, which has led to an outstanding first half of 2018.
In Q2, we delivered constant currency revenue growth of 10% and our operating margins and EPS exceeded the high end of our guidance under both ASC 605 and 606. Our Q2 605 revenue and EPS are both second quarter records for ANSYS. Our deferred revenue and backlog increased 24% year-over-year to $816 million. Annualized contract value or ACV, grew 10% in constant currency for the first half of the year. Both of these metrics are leading indicators of the robust health of our business.
Given our strong performance to date in 2018 and the strength of our pipeline going into the second half of the year, we are increasing our EPS guidance for the full year. We are also adjusting our revenue guidance to reflect an increase in our constant currency revenue outlook, but in the context of an adverse currency impact of about $15 million since we last provided guidance. Maria will provide more details in a few minutes.
Large deals helped to drive our success in the quarter, with 35 customers recording orders of over $1 million, an increase of 25% over the second quarter of 2017. These customers tend to buy multiple products from the ANSYS portfolio and consistent with last quarter, over 75% of these customers purchased products from at least 3 of our product lines. Our largest customer this quarter had combined orders of over $30 million across 4 product lines.
Our success in engineering services in the context of our momentum with enterprise and strategic accounts is another highlight of this quarter. We reported Q2 and first half constant currency services revenue growth of 40% and 30%, respectively, albeit off a smaller denominator. This is evidence that we are succeeding in leveraging our world-class engineering services talents to drive customer adoption of our portfolio. This is a direct result of the focused and incremental investments we have made in our field engineering team and in our go-to-market strategy around this important class of customers.
I'm delighted with the performance of our North American business and with the ongoing recovery of our European business. Europe grew 11% and 10% in constant currency in Q2 and in the first half, respectively, continuing the significant turnaround for that region.
As we had planned, sales in Asia Pacific are back-end loaded this year and hence, APJ had a relatively slower growth for the quarter and the first half. I am excited that our key regions of China and Japan delivered solid revenue growth for the quarter. However, the slower pace of implementation of go-to-market changes in South Korea impacted performance in that country, and some centralized purchasing of enterprise deals muted results in India.
With an expanded pipeline of larger deals, the ongoing addition of incremental enterprise sales resources in the region and the completion of our go-to-market changes, we are optimistic about our Asia Pacific performance in the second half of the year.
Representing about 24% of total revenue, our indirect channel is a key area of focus. During the first half of 2018, we added 11 new channel partners, including 8 in Europe. We also increased our elite channel partners to 20 from an initial group of 5. Our channel partners' certification levels across our product portfolio has also increased and they continue to add sales capacity and technical resources and enhance their capabilities.
From an industry perspective, automotive and high tech continue to perform strongly, with notable wins driven by the rise in electronics and the push to autonomy and electrification. We saw a wonderful example of the power of our electrification solution recently, when our partner, Volkswagen Motorsport, shattered the time record at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb by nearly 16 seconds using an all-electric race car.
ANSYS was very proud to be selected as Volkswagen Motorsport's strategic technology partner of choice for simulating the mission-critical aspects of the electric propulsion system and the overall car design.
I'm also excited that we continue to make advances in our startup program. Today, we have over 500 innovative young companies from around the world using the power of ANSYS solutions to build their next-generation products and services.
Now last year, we described our vision of pervasive simulation, where simulation becomes critical across the entire product life cycle. Our core business relies on driving innovation into our flagship solutions of mechanical, fluids, electromagnetics, semiconductors and systems.
ANSYS 19.1 released during Q2 bolsters our leadership across all of our key physics. This comprehensive release features advances across our portfolio to improve reliability, performance, speed and overall user experience. These dramatic improvements are driving high-value multiphysics sales across the regions and the industries we serve.
For example, Eldor Corporation, a global manufacturing leader for automotive systems, expanded their adoption of ANSYS electronics and HPC solutions to support next-generation electric powertrain development. Extending their adoption of a multiphysics platform based on ANSYS structural, CFD and electromagnetic products, enables Eldor to further ensure the reliability of their designs, while increasing simulation efficiency, all critical to responding to this rapidly evolving market.
Multiphysics was a critical topic at June's DAC, the major semiconductor industry conference. We were excited to have dozens of customers share their best practices on how they use ANSYS solutions beyond the traditional sign-off area, leveraging the power of multiphysics simulations, big data analytics and chip packet system co-analyses to tackle the challenges of 7 nanometers and 3DIC design, just to name a few. This new functionality will help them to innovate by exceeding their power performance and area goals.
A great example of our customers' success was outlined in a press release yesterday with HiSilicon Technologies, a subsidiary of Huawei. They're relying on ANSYS's suite of semiconductor and electronics simulation solutions for power integrity and reliability sign-off to address complex multiphysics challenges. These include on-chip thermal effects, aging, thermal-aware statistical electromigration budgeting, electrostatic discharge, as well as the creation of chip power models for simulating the entire package and system.
HiSilicon is using ANSYS Redhawk-SC, our next-generation, system-on-chip power noise and reliability sign-off solution to enable design success for all advanced process nodes including 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer. Our successes with RedHawk-SC was also showcased at DAC. I'm excited that all of our 7-nanometer RedHawk customers are using or deploying RedHawk-SC for sign-off of their most complex products and design. These designs are at the heart of innovations in artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, 5G, mobile devices and so on.
Our successes with RedHawk-SC goes -- go beyond the Tier 1 chipmakers. We're seeing rapid adoption by a number of hardware startups focused on chip development for artificial intelligence.
But to become truly pervasive, simulation must move beyond the product design phase and move upstream into ideation and downstream into operations. ANSYS's Discovery Live, which we introduced in Q1, provides instantaneous 3D simulation and direct geometry modeling to enable interactive design exploration and rapid product innovation. We saw early success with ANSYS Discovery Live with China Southern Power Grid, which provides electricity to over 250 million people. This Fortune Global 100 company is using Discovery Live for digital exploration, resulting in a 3x improvement in tower design times.
The company also signed a contract in Q2 to expand its ANSYS usage across physics, including structures, fluids, electromagnetics as well as high-performance computing. This expansion also enables their design teams to collaborate across engineering disciplines, using an integrated workflow based on the ANSYS Workbench platform.
Also in Q2, we announced an exciting new partnership with PTC. They're developing a differentiated solution for their customers that embeds Discovery Live's simulation engine into their Creo 3D CAD offering. With the combined solution, which removes the boundaries between CAD and simulation, engineers will be able to see the real-time results of simulation during the modeling process. This will enable them to rapidly make trade-offs and design changes in their models. With PTC's significant presence in the designer space, our partnership broadens our reach to design engineers around the world. Although there is no impact on our 2018 revenue while the solution is in development, early customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.
Simulation can also play a critical role downstream in product operations through the use of digital twins. While digital twin adoption is still in its early stages, we're seeing significant interest from customers. Many companies have challenges in maintaining assets that are in remote or hostile locations and so it's no surprise that companies in mining, energy as well as construction sites with heavy machinery, are early adopters of the Internet of Things and digital twin technology.
In Q2, we released ANSYS Twin Builder, the only solution that offers a packaged approach for digital twins, enabling engineers to quickly build, validate and deploy these digital representations of physical products. The open solution integrates with any industrial IoT platform and contains run-time deployment capabilities for constant monitoring of every individual asset used during operations. The solution empowers customers to perform diagnostics and troubleshooting, determine the ideal maintenance programs, optimize the performance of each asset and generate insightful data to improve the next generation of products.
Our longtime customer, Regal, is a great digital twin success story. Regal is a leading manufacturer of electric motors, power generation and power transmission products serving markets worldwide. Regal leveraged ANSYS simulation to build a digital twin, enabling them to iterate on the design, optimizing both software and hardware. Their digital twin helped them understand the performance impact of design changes within minutes and validate that the new design met market requirements. Likewise, Regal leveraged ANSYS's mechanical fluids, embedded software and systems tools to reduce the design time from 6 weeks down to a few days.
I'm also delighted that in Q2, we announced an innovative partnership with software giant, SAP. They're embedding ANSYS's technology for digital twins into their extensive digital supply chain, manufacturing and asset management portfolio, introducing a new product called SAP Predictive Engineering Insights Enabled by ANSYS. This new solution, which introduces ANSYS simulation to operations and asset managers, ties together engineering models, manufacturing details and operational insights, including financial information. Connecting these diverse data sets enables businesses to evaluate the real-time working conditions of physical objects and remotely monitor products and assets, empowering them to quickly detect and fix issues if something goes wrong, as well as to make design improvements to future releases.
This relationship is particularly exciting for ANSYS because of SAP's enterprise product portfolio and extensive customer reach. Now while we're not expecting any revenue for ANSYS in 2018 while our engineering teams are working on the new product, initial customer feedback from customers has been very positive.
And finally, on the product side, we are seeing strong interest and increased opportunities from our recent acquisition of OPTIS. As you may remember, OPTIS is the leading provider of physics-based simulation software for light, human vision and visualization. This best-in-class technology helps to extend our industry leadership and drive full portfolio sales, particularly in the automotive vertical. The $30 million Q2 deal I mentioned earlier was with one of the world's leading automotive companies. And like many of our automotive customers, this company is facing mounting pressures to bring new autonomous and electric vehicle technology to market as quickly as possible. This industry leader, who is also a customer of OPTIS, realized that further investment in ANSYS's flagship solutions, including electromagnetics and functional safety, will increase their simulation efficiency, which is crucial to rapid innovation.
Now before I close, I want to give you an update on our Board of Directors. First, I would like to thank 2 of our long-standing board members, Brad Morley and Pat Zilvitis, who retired earlier this year, for their many years of dedicated service. And I'd like to welcome to our board, 2 accomplished executives with extensive experience at leading technology companies: Nicole Anasenes and Glenda Dorchak. Along with Dr. Alec Gallimore, who joined the board in December, they bring a wealth of thought leadership and experience to our outstanding Board of Directors and we are very much looking forward to the value they will bring to our growing enterprise.
I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in more detail. Maria?

Sure. So when you think about the changes that we're making and what we announced last year, we said we were going to go through a change in our go-to-market strategy and that would include a greater focus on channel partners and would also include a clearer understanding and segmentation of the market, with an incremental focus on enterprise accounts and then with our direct sales organization also taking strategic accounts and sort of territory accounts and then working with the channel to make sure that we have a clear segmentation. As part of that process, we clearly recruited a number of new channel partners who have come on board. And that work is ongoing. Obviously, the rate at which channel partners come up to speed depends on their level of background and the amount of work that they've done in our space in the past. It -- we are very diligent in how we choose channel partners and it can take some time to screen them to come on board, and obviously, they have to come up to speed on our products and so forth. But again, the speed at which they come -- they are able to sell depends on their experience in our space. As far as the technical resources are concerned, we continue to recruit and we have been able to add to our technical salespeople or our ACE organization. The pace is not exactly what we would have wanted, because obviously, we're looking for very, very high skill people. And so we're a little bit behind on that, but we still continue to be able to add to our ranks. I think those were the questions, was there anything that I missed?

Oh, yes, in APAC. So essentially, the point about APAC was, as I mentioned in the script, we have a year that's more a little bit back-end loaded. And that obviously, the timing of deals, obviously, then has an overall impact on quarter performance versus year performance, that's number one. Point number two, I would say we were a little bit slower in implementing some of the go-to-market changes that I just talked about in South Korea. And that had an impact, I would say, on our performance in that country. And then the other point I mentioned was around the centralization of some large enterprise deals. Essentially what happens is we serve customers, obviously, who are global in nature, they have workforces around the world. And we had a few deals where, even with workforces in India, the customers chose to purchase at a different country and centralize the purchasing. So that's the situation over there. It's obviously a multiphysics solution that these customers are going after as opposed to a historical kind of single physics deal. So that's really the changes that I highlighted in the script.

So firstly, this was our first full quarter of Discovery in the marketplace. And we've seen trials increase. We've conducted or we sold Discovery Live in every single geo. We sold Discovery through multiple channels. And the feedback has been very positive. We're seeing customer traction, I gave you an example in the script of China Southern Power Grid. So there is clearly market demand for the product, there's validation that the product hits the sweet spot and there's validation that we have it right. So I'm excited about that. With respect to PTC, that's a royalty arrangement with PTC. So to your point about margins, it's a royalty arrangement. As far as the revenue impact from the PTC relationship, it's, at this point of time, we don't have product in market and we don't expect to see any impact in 2018. We're expecting this to have an impact on the following year. As far as customers' interests are concerned, they don't view this as a -- this is not sort of a small add-on to a CAD solution. Discovery Live, the simulation aspects of Discovery Live, are extremely powerful. And this is brand-new, industry-leading capability. So we're seeing a lot of excitement from customers, especially some of the -- especially in the PTC installed base as they think about their Creo users, for them to be able to get CAD, we don't see any problem in maintaining the price point at all. So we don't see that as a problem right now. Obviously, we'll have product in market later on and we'll have hands-on evidence later on, but right now, we don't see the price point as a problem at all. And I think I addressed all the...

,
Look, so one of the important metrics to consider if you think about our evolution for large deals, is to think about the journey that we've been on. And if you look back at the history of ANSYS, we were historically selling single physics. And our sales motions were around being able to sell an incremental solver at the time and we are operating very much at the lower levels of the organization. We have obviously moved up over the years, and certainly with the changes that Rick and the go-to-market that I spoke about earlier, the changes that Rick has made, we have a very clear and thoughtful approach to being able to address the needs of our customers. We use channel partners, where appropriate. We use inside sales where appropriate. And certainly, we have also strategic accounts and enterprise accounts. These are accounts that we believe will be driving significant multi-portfolio sales. And as I mentioned in my script, we have something like 75% of these large million dollar deals include 3 or more physics. And so you're seeing -- what you're seeing in these -- in the evolution is customers who were previously single physics customers are now expanding their footprint and moving to multiphysics customers. No one shows up on day 1 as a non-customer of ANSYS and then buys multiple millions of dollars of software with, across multiple physics. Usually, what happens is they'll come in and they'll grow. And so many of our existing customers and many of these large deals come from customers who've had years of success with ANSYS, who are now expanding their use of simulation. The reason they're expanding their use of simulation is not just because we're building -- we're reaching them in the best possible way, we are, we're trying to meet the customers where they are, we're trying to adjust our go-to-market to address the needs of the customers. So that's one. But it's also the case that the products that they're dealing with are becoming significantly more complicated. So if you take, for example, automotive, and I mentioned an automotive sale, whereas years ago, we may have had a conversation with customers about structures or fluids or air flow, today the conversation is about electrification. I mentioned the example of Volkswagen Motorsport. It's about electrification, it's about electric drivetrain. The conversation is about autonomous. And these are all intrinsically multiphysics solutions that include our electronic solutions, our embedded software, our optical solutions, with OPTIS in the case of autonomous and so forth. And so the nature of the customer problems have changed. We're in the right place at the right time with the right portfolio. We have the right go-to-market and we are in a position to get to the customers as they need to, which is essentially driving the growth of our portfolio. The other point I made in the script is, we've made investments in our engineering services organization and we're able to monetize that investment and that also drives adoption and it drives customer success. So we are very excited about this movement towards larger deals, towards satisfying customer needs at a high level and we're very optimistic.

What do you mean, what level of upsell? Are you talking about expansion across physics or use cases? Could you clarify?

It's very hard to give you a formulaic response, because the fact remains that each of these deals, it depends on the industry that the customer happens to be in, it depends on the geos, and it depends on the specific initiatives that they have underway. And -- so there's no standardized answer. The broad trends, though, that I've mentioned several times, the broad trends that we're seeing of smarter products, that's driving a lot of this conversation. And so you'd get -- and I gave you the example of how we are having these broader conversations with a number of vendors in the automotive -- customers in the automotive space. If I think about telecommunications, we're having conversations about 5G and those happen to be strategic initiatives and so on. I can pick the industry and whatever the strategic area is, that's the area that we're focused on to try to help them be successful using our technology. And that's what drives the incremental use of technology. And oftentimes, you'll find customers starting to take a step away from some of their core areas of competence as they start to move into some of these new physics. And in particular, customers have historically not used electronics heavily in the building of their products, when they come to -- when they recognize that they now need to build smarter products, they need more support for electronics, that's -- that depends on the level of staffing they can get and that depends a little bit on the broader support they're able to get together for themselves, and of course, we're in a position to help there, too. So a lot of it really depends on where the customer is, industry, geo and so on.

So first, as far as your question about the amount -- the volume of business through the channel partners, we're not seeing -- we don't fundamentally expect the numbers to change dramatically in the short term. And it's been, as you rightly, say about 1/4 -- 3/4 and that's what we certainly see in the short term going forward. As far as your question about hiring people, we -- this year as you know, we increased our hiring aperture. And we were looking for significantly more people than we've historically been in the position to hire. And it takes a certain amount of time to rev up the recruiting engine. And that obviously adds latency to the process. And it's also the case of we're looking for very skilled individuals. And some of these individuals are harder -- a little bit harder to find. So we're building our recruiting pipeline, which is, of course, both our internal pipeline as well as some recruiting partners. And we have a key focus on making sure we can address and bring more people onboard. Maria, anything to add?

Well, the -- one of the reasons I mentioned auto is really, they epitomize this change that's taking place toward smart connected products. The big trends in automotive, which are autonomous vehicles, electrification and sort of connected, if you will, all of those trends, we have great technologies that support our customers through that transition. So we have, for example, with the OPTIS acquisition that we just recently concluded, we have now an end-to-end simulation that allows our customers to be able to simulate driven miles. And so one of the big challenges with autonomous is you can't -- it's very difficult to test autonomous vehicles. And we can now with this integration across the OPTIS portfolio and the traditional ANSYS portfolio, we now have an integrated view of virtual mileage driven as well as an integrated view of all of the sensors including camera, LIDAR and radar, as well as, of course, ultrasound for short distance and we can kind of close the loop on the simulation process. So that's a very exciting solution. It's completely relevant to what the car companies are dealing with right now, and not just on-road but also off-road. Similarly for electrification and I gave a couple of examples. And similarly for connected, and we're talking about 5G and antenna design and so forth. So that's clearly making a difference for the end customer. And then, of course, those changes reverberate through the supply chain. And so we're having conversations and we're working with customers, for example, around the integration of our safety technology into semiconductors And so, in fact, in Q2, a major automotive chip provider, they expanded their use of simulation. And this is a chip provider, they expanded the use of simulation to include ANSYS medini, which is our safety solution to get ISO 26262 functional safety analysis, which is appropriate for the auto industry. So there's an enormous amount of reverberations with the supply chain from the automotive sector that we're seeing. So I think that's one area. But these broad trends I think are applicable across industries. As I said, industries are at different levels of maturity. And we expect to see these trends repeating themselves across other industries as well.

So Jay, let me try to address that multipart question. I'm not sure I have all of these, let me look at Maria's notes here. So the first was around the number of users. So look, it's much too soon for us to give you a revenue projection of where we'll be with some of those partnerships. It's obviously the case that we will be expanding the number of users to others who have just traditionally not been using ANSYS solutions. That's certainly the case as you start to think about going downstream into operations, and of course, as you start to think about the designer community. And we believe that there's an opportunity to monetize that relationship going forward. Obviously, it will depend on the kind of user and the industry they're in. You're also absolutely right to suggest that the cost that we would charge or our pricing for run-time licenses for digital twins will be different from our pricing for our traditional solvers. And that's obviously going to be the case, because the use cases are different and the nature of usage across those 2 cases will drive a different level of complexity and solver need. As far as investing in the relationship are concerned, I think that the relationship has multiple touch points. We have project management in place, we have multiple touch points up and down, both from an R&D perspective as well as from a go-to-market perspective. From an R&D perspective, obviously, the teams are working together to make sure that we can sync up on the deliverables and we get everything in place for product release by PTC, but our teams are working closely together. And from a go-to-market perspective, obviously, there's some planning involved to make sure that we are -- we understand what we're doing together. So I think that, that's well underway. And obviously, this is a working partnership with people rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done. So I'm excited about that relationship and I'm excited about, frankly, the mobilization on both sides, both companies, both PTC and us, to move things forward. Maria, was there -- there was another question, right?

So to answer your question, there are actually, I would say, a couple of important use cases for Discovery Live. And one is, as we have discussed is, of course, is the use of Discovery Live by individuals who have not necessarily been using simulation and those individuals could be at companies who historically have not bought ANSYS solutions. And so that's clearly a use case. But there's a really exciting use case, which the Discovery Live Southern China experience does bring to focus, and that is that many of our customers who are historical users of ANSYS recognize the opportunity to be able to broaden the deployment of simulation through their engineering base by making Discovery Live available to their designers. And so we'll go from the flagships into the designers. But equally, we can go in from the designers into the flagships, because we have now the ability to provide this end-to-end coverage across the organization, for people who have different levels of skills and capabilities and understanding of simulation, with the ability to be able to move and migrate work across the different product lines. And so that's a dynamic that we're very excited about. And we see this pattern continuing with customers and that's something that we're encouraging. And certainly, our enterprise sales force is excited about that, because that gives them an opportunity to engage with some of these large customers and they are seeing large opportunities for Discovery Live, but then they're seeing that driving further flagship sales. So that's a symbiotic effect that we are very excited about.

Thanks, Chris. I'm delighted by the excellent quarter and the progress that we've made. Our pervasive simulation strategy is clearly resonating with customers. And as I think about the rest of the year, our focus remains on execution. We will continue to strengthen our flagship products with ANSYS 19.2 that's coming out soon, and we will continue to expand our ecosystem through additional partnerships. And of course, we will continue to support and grow our customer base. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And a shout-out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you for all your efforts and thank you for another great quarter. Thank you all for joining me on the call today, and I look forward to our next discussion. Enjoy the rest of your day.