Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was yet another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we, once again, beat across our key metrics, including ACV, revenue, operating margin and earnings per share. This gives us further confidence in the business, and has enabled us to operationally raise our full year guidance for ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes.  
As we have previously discussed, the strength and the resilience of the ANSYS business come, in part, because of the number and the diversity of customers we serve. ANSYS has tens of thousands of customers across multiple industries, including high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation. Those 3 sectors were, again, our largest contributors in Q3.  
Our largest contract for the quarter was in the high-tech and semiconductor space, a $59 million 3-year agreement with an international electronics company. This global brand has been challenged by the increasing complexity of its products, as semiconductor chips continue to get smaller which has led to issues such as voltage drop. By continually enhancing our solutions for semiconductor and other areas of physics, we would not only able to stave off any competitive challenges in this long-term account, but we increased the number of ANSYS products the customer uses, the number of end users as well as the amount of computations performed.  
This new contract broadens our existing footprint, which included products from across our multiphysics portfolio, such as structures, fluids, electromagnetics and materials. This is a perfect example of our discussion at our recent investor update, that ANSYS is growing across 3 vectors: more products, more users and more computations.  
ANSYS is also well balanced across geographies, with a little less than 50% of our business coming from the Americas and the remainder roughly split between EMEA and Asia Pacific. This diversity in our customer base means that we can harness growth from a wide variety of sources. It also means that we are resilient to the business or economic dynamics of any specific customer or industry or country.  
In Q3, I'm excited to report that, from a geographic perspective, we saw very strong revenue growth from both Asia Pacific and EMEA, while the Americas came in as expected. Adding to the strength of our business is our broad and deep product portfolio, which includes flagship products in structures, fluids, electromagnetics, semiconductors, optics and mission. As such, we are not overaligned on any individual product line, which further contributes to ANSYS' resilience.  
Additionally, our proven portfolio enables us to attract new customers as well as to displace competitive technology. For example, our start-up program is continuing to grow as these nascent companies take advantage of ANSYS solutions. The program has had over 1,600 customers across 53 countries. While members of our start-up program represent a small piece of our overall business, they are aggressive users of our products. And with the program's high graduation rates, more and more of these customers become active contributors to the ANSYS business.  
While it can be difficult to replace an incumbent in our space, we have also grown our customer base by displacing competitors. For example, in Q3, we won a contract with an industrial tool manufacturer that was a key account at one of our competitors. That customer is now using ANSYS' structural, fluids and electronic solutions for the development of its power tools.  
On these calls, I often highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several calls, I have discussed the unparalleled scalability of our best-in-class fluid products. I highlighted the critical role that ANSYS solutions play in sustainability, I discussed how customers are using our solutions in the development of next-generation semiconductors, and I reviewed our leading suite of optical simulation products.  
For this call, I would like to reiterate some of the key takeaways from our recent investor update. During the update in August, we discussed how typical enterprise software companies have only 2 vectors of growth, more products and more users. ANSYS, however, has a third, more computations. Let me briefly discuss each of them. 
Traditionally, simulation involves a single user, leveraging a single ANSYS product for each individual simulation. Today, as we partner with our customers to solve more complex R&D challenges, there is an increased demand for multiple physics, including structures and fluids, electronics, photonics and others to work together.  
By transcending individual physics to connect workflows that solve complex multiphysics problems, our customers can simulate and analyze the physical world at a system and a mission level. Addressing these complex new use cases inherently requires the use of multiple physics solvers, leading to an increased number of multiproduct sales.  
In Q3, we signed a 7-figure contract with a long-time Space 2.0 company that has standardized on ANSYS' multiphysics solutions across all of its engineering departments to develop safer and more reliable launch vehicles. With this new agreement, the company is now expanding its ANSYS footprint to include our material intelligence solution as its central materials database. We have also invested in the overall user experience, which is driving more end users of ANSYS solutions.  
Remember that in the past, only expert engineering analysts could take advantage of simulation. Today, ANSYS simulation is being used by all levels of engineers, thanks to our automated workflows and integrations with other systems that make ANSYS solutions more intuitive and easier to use. That means that different types of engineers can fully take advantage of the benefits of ANSYS simulation, and it is driving the expansion of simulation usage to more users upstream and downstream of the validation process.  
In Q3, ANSYS calls the largest health care contract in our history, a 7-figure agreement that will dramatically expand the number of users at an American eye care company. Realizing the benefits of simulation, this existing customer has launched a digital twin and digital engineering initiative that will triple the number of users of engineering simulation technology in the next 18 to 24 months.  
The third vector of our growth is through more computations. ANSYS is able to monetize customers' workloads as they run the larger, more complex calculations needed to solve next-generation product challenges. A single ANSYS user can leverage multiple products and can run hundreds of simulations across thousands of cores in parallel, which is a critical functionality as even the most common products become more complex.  
We provide our customers with open, scalable offerings, supported by the major cloud platforms to enhance and extend our industry-leading simulation portfolio. This flexibility enables our customers to maximize the value they realized from simulation, while scaling up to address the increasing complexity of next-generation product development.  
We recently announced the launch of our ANSYS Gateway, powered by Amazon Web Services. With this addition to our comprehensive cloud offering, customers can easily access, subscribe and configure ANSYS applications from a single location. ANSYS Gateway powered by AWS allows broader access to high-performance computing by bringing down the traditional hardware barriers that have limited innovation for many of our customers.  
Our focus on expanding the portfolio of physics, on creating a platform to enable and manage complex multiphysics solutions, and on expanding simulation use cases, unlocks greater customer value, which enables all 3 vectors of growth for ANSYS.  
The application of ANSYS simulation technologies can be manifested in varied and distinct ways. For example, last time, I discussed the multiple roles ANSYS solutions played in the testing, launch and deployment of the James Webb Space Telescope.  
Keeping with the applications of ANSYS's space, I'd like to briefly highlight the role that we played in NASA's recent DART Mission. As you may recall, in September, NASA smashed an unmanned spacecraft into an asteroid in an attempt to alter its orbit. The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab extensively used ANSYS STK throughout mission planning process from formulating DART's trajectory through the asteroid system as well as to visualize relevant vectors and altitudes. The thermal team used STK's full mission environment when checking the location of the sun relative to the satellite during critical maneuvers.  
NASA has announced that the DART mission exceeded its highest expectations by shortening the asteroid's orbit by 32 minutes. This marks the first time humanity has changed the orbit of a celestial object, and I would like to congratulate the team at Johns Hopkins and NASA for their success in this inspirational and potentially life-saving mission. This example demonstrates the range of use cases as well as the impact of ANSYS solutions.  
Next, I'd like to highlight the thousands of ANSYS employees around the world. They are, of course, what makes ANSYS so special. So I'm very proud that Newsweek Magazine has ranked ANSYS as 13th amongst the Most Loved Workplaces at U.S. companies. The ranking considers employee survey responses, external ratings and interviews with company leaders. This recognition is just one more testament to ANSYS' unique culture and the impact we have on the world.  
In closing, Q3 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, one that provides momentum as we close out the year and look ahead to 2023. With our product leadership, proven performance and resilient business model, I am more confident than ever in the future of ANSYS and the innovations we are helping our customers to drive.  
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?

Gal, that's a great question. So the way you should think about how we monetize that is really through product licensing. So when we license our technology to customers, we give them access to the use of our -- take a multiyear lease as an example. We give them access to use our technology for a duration of time, and we also give them access to high-performance computing capability. 
And that HPC translates into license software for us -- license revenue for us, license ACV. And of course, access to the solvers themselves also show up as licenses. So in the aggregate, both the ability to use the technology on more processing translates into license for us, and the ability to use more of our software in that context translates into more license for us. 
So that's how we monetize it, and that's how it shows up in our financials.

Why don't I jump in, Gal, because I have some context, and then maybe I'll ask Nicole to add a little bit more. So if you look back at 2019 and you consider the evolution of our business, and we described some of this in the investor update presentation that we did earlier this year, we've been in the process of a transformation in our business model where we've been taking advantage of these 3 vectors of growth that you alluded to earlier. And we've been using that to really transform our business model in the way that we support our customers. 
So we've increased the amount of lease that we do with our customers, and that translates into, obviously, stickier relationships with our customers as we go forward. So look, at the end of the day, it comes down to the products that we have and the capabilities that we provide and our ability to address some of our customers' most challenging market needs. 
And we have an amazing portfolio. We've continued to build in that portfolio. We've continued to expand that capability. That makes us even more relevant for our customers today as compared with years ago. And the nature of the business model, the nature of the ability to monetize that relationship, all of that translate into our ability to be very resilient no matter what happens out there in the market. So we have a very resilient business model that I'm excited about. 
We've talked about how we are -- and I mentioned this in my script, we talked about how our technology is very broad across multiple physics. We're not overly reliant on a single product line. We talked about how we're -- we have a presence in multiple industry verticals. And we mentioned -- I mentioned high-tech, I mentioned automotive, I mentioned aerospace as examples. And of course, we have presence in others, and we talked about our geographical distribution as well. 
So that gives us the ability to be resilient when a particular industry changes or when there are particular challenges in an individual market. Now in the face of a global pandemic, of course, as you saw going through this, that's an overarching global phenomenon. And there, it goes back to the core value proposition of our products, which is we help our customers build better products, bring them to market faster at lower cost. 
We help them reduce warranty costs. We help them be more efficient. And so that combination of being able to support them from a top line perspective and drive both top line growth as well as support them from a cost perspective, really stands us in good stead in rough economic times, which is obviously what we've seen in the last couple of years. 
So that part in part contributes to the momentum of the business that we've seen in the past. And frankly, that contributes to the momentum of the business that we're seeing today. I've had the opportunity to now spend a number of -- over the last couple of months, I've had an opportunity to spend time with customers in person in the U.S., in Europe, in Asia. 
And what I'm hearing from customers around the globe is very consistent perspectives on the pressures that they're having to be able to continue to drive their businesses forward. So they've all got multiyear product road maps that they need to advance their businesses. 
And frankly, they're relying on us. They're relying on simulation to be able to not only deliver on those road maps, but to be able to deliver on those road maps as efficiently as possible because they know that simulation can help them save time and money, through the avoidance of physical testing and things of that nature. 
So that's all contributed to the momentum that we have in the business, and I'm really excited about where we are right now.

Yes. So firstly, Tyler, the first point is competitive displacements are, in our industry, relatively difficult, right? They don't happen on a regular basis. These are relatively difficult. 
And when they do happen, it's something that you are excited about because the customer has a specific need. And obviously, they're not able to satisfy that need based on whatever products they may currently be using. And whatever they're using right now, may or -- if it's not able to address their needs, not able to solve their problems, not able to provide the level of fidelity or accuracy they're looking for, not able to integrate with the systems that they need to, they'll look for another solution. 
And as you rightly pointed out, we were excited -- and I mentioned this in my script, we were excited about one of a competitive displacement this year that we noted. But more generally, the nature of these displacements are driven by, as you pointed out, the strength of the portfolio. 
Look, we've made a lot of investment in improving the products from a performance perspective, from a usability perspective, from an integration perspective. If you look at some of the releases that we've announced, for example, most recently in R3 -- in R2 -- 2022 R2, one example on scalability. 
I mean we are using a GPU scalability and achieving enormous acceleration in solving capacity for our customers. These are all incredible innovations that they value. And as they start to look at our road map and the organic activity that we've got, they realized that they should be committing to us because we will be able to help them not just only today, but out into the future. 
So that's how I see it. And obviously, as you mentioned in organic, obviously, we continue -- we've made a number of good acquisitions. They've been integrated into our portfolio as well, and that just adds to the breadth and the depth of our technology and capability.

Okay. So let me start first, Jay. Thank you for the question. Let's talk about -- a little bit about R&D and prioritization. As you know, and I think we've discussed this in our investor updates, we have a pretty robust mechanism of being able to allocate resources against priorities. And we do that analysis, and that ultimately influences where we're spending our money and our resources in order to achieve the outcomes that we're looking for. 
From a product perspective, I think you should understand that we look at sort of the core physics evolution. And there is an amount of work that we have focused on the evolution of the core physics and that's our algorithmic advances, all of the work that you would expect to continue to make structures better than ever, fluids better than ever, electromagnetics, et cetera. So we have a stream of activity within the R&D organizations, which do that. 
We also have, as we broadened our portfolio, we have some platform level work. And that really addresses the needs across multiple products. So it's a support for the cloud. It's support for products like Minerva. These are value propositions that apply across all of the physics and all of the verticals as we deliver to our customers, the -- a simulation platform that allows them to manage these really complex simulations that we're dealing with. 
If you look at technologies like Materials, for example, that's, again, very valid as you start to think about multiproduct sales. Materials comes in and provides a significant amount of capability in that context. So the other thing to note is that some of the techniques that we have developed, for example, GPU acceleration, where we've done some incredible work, that's technology that can be shared across the physics some of the ray tracing techniques that we've developed in one [ physics ] are applicable across others.
So we are leveraging the teams to be able to take advantage of learnings from one team to the other. So I'm very comfortable with our position, with our R&D footprint. I think we have a fantastic road map. And I think it continues to add to the value proposition for our customers, which is we can continue to help them solve their most challenging problems now, and they have confidence in our road map going into the future to support them. They understand the value proposition of being able to reduce costs. They understand we can help them reduce warranty costs -- all of those things are reflected and supported by our R&D road map.

Yes, sure. Just to jump in here. obviously, we read the same headlines that everyone else does. But look, our outlook is based on the reality that we're seeing in the field. And as I mentioned earlier, in the last couple of months, I've had the opportunity to spend a fair amount of time on the road. 
And I've -- as I said earlier, I've talked to customers across in different geographies. I've also spent time with the sales force in the field in these different geographies as well. And we're not seeing the challenges that you might read about in the headlines, reflecting in our business. 
And as I will sound like a broken record and forgive me for repeating myself. The value proposition that we provide is tied to R&D. And customers have multiyear R&D product roadmaps and the competitive environment for customers is more challenging today than it's ever been. And so they understand the lessons of the past, which is that if you see concerns in the headlines and you pull your R&D investment back when those concerns are passed, you're now behind and you lose market share, and that's to your detriment. They've seen this play out time after time after time. 
And so the investment in R&D activity continues unabated, and our value proposition is tied to R&D because, as I've said, again, repeatedly, we make R&D efficient, more efficient and we help customers drive product to market faster.
So that's where our excitement comes from. It comes front what we're seeing from a forecast perspective, what we're seeing from the field, what we're seeing with our customers enter the products in the market we serve.

Well, it's multifaceted. I mean, firstly, the observation that you're making, which is that, it's easier for engineers to use simulation and more engineers are using simulation is absolutely accurate. 
And there are a number of reasons why that's the case. Number one, we'll start from the product perspective. The products are easier to use. And we've had significant investments in usability, in integration, all of those things over the last several years after last decade or 2, which is culminated to a situation right now where the product is so easy to use. 
I don't know if you recently -- you saw this, it ran by my news feed this morning, but there was a high schooler in California who use ANSYS simulation to simulate the loading of backpacks on students and the impact of a backpack. And they did that analysis using ANSYS simulation. They use Granta, they use Mechanical, they use a number of these products working together in order to come up with a solution and won a very prestigious award. 
That's an example of how easy the technology has been to -- has become to use for people where you've -- where high schoolers are able to take -- motivated high schoolers are able to take advantage of the technology. That's number one. 
Second thing is we continue to increase our level of investment with universities, we have presence in over 1,600 universities around the world. 
Cornell University teaches a massive online course using ANSYS, over 0.25 million people have signed up for that. We've had millions of people downloading the student version of our products around the world. So there is broad-based understanding of our technologies at the undergraduate level and simulation is being taught as part of the curriculum. 
So graduating students are coming out aware of how to see a simulation, aware of the value proposition, aware of benefits and aware of how to use ANSYS. And that is another aspect where the entering engineering workforce is very comfortable with the technology as opposed to a few decades ago. 
The other thing is, of course, the use of computing. We have continued to make the technology more efficient. We're also leveraging high-performance computing. We're leveraging GPUs, and with the overall broad-based availability of compute, that's making it easier for people to take advantage of simulation as well. 
So it's all of those things. It's workflows, it's product capabilities, ease of use, it's integration with academia. All of the availability of computing, all of that is really exciting. And frankly, I would encourage all of you to go to the most -- to our website. We have a magazine called ANSYS Advantage. And the most recent one, for example, talks about some academic success stories, and that will give you some perspective of how we're more deeply engaging with the academic community as well.

I'll jump in here. While the transaction is obviously not material from a financial perspective, I just want to note that I'm really excited about the people who are joining the company as a result of -- joining ANSYS as a result of the acquisition of C&R and of course, the technology, the C&R has built over the years. 
They're a leading provider of flow analysis that's used to optimize thermal systems. And they're using a number of applications, but most especially in the space in the satellite industry. So their focus is on providing system-level simulation for thermal. And they've had a number of use cases, and they were, in fact, being used as part of the James Webb Telescope as well, where NASA used the C&R Thermal Desktop to provide a detailed thermal model of these optical and instrumentation systems, and it was used to predict things like transient profiles and gradients and heat flows as a payload tradition from ambient to cryogenic conditions and back again. 
So by adding that to our portfolio, we will then be able to provide analysis to customers -- similar analysis to customers from every stage from system design, all the way up to optimization from 1D tools all the way up to 3D tools that gives us a comprehensive perspective. 
And then, of course, with the work that we're doing, with space applications, with a mission engineering suite of offerings, this further sorts that and increases our competitiveness in that market as well.

Yes. So if I can jump in and give you some color on automotive. I don't have exactly the numbers in front of me, so it will have to be a little bit more qualitative. So one of the countries that I was in a few weeks ago was Germany. I did have a chance to meet with automotive customers there. And certainly, I did in Asia as well, Japan. And obviously, I spent time with our teams. 
Look, again, it's the same value proposition that we're dealing with. The automotive industry is looking at technologies like electrification and they're recognizing that they need to make investments to be able to move more aggressively and consider the future of their product lines and how they're going to evolve their product lines. So that's one area. 
In autonomy, whilst it's true that full-fledged; autonomy, people are recognizing is a more difficult problem to solve, there is a tremendous amount of investment, certainly in making sure ADAS happens, which is safety features. And so there continues to be investment in those areas. 
When you consider both electrification and autonomy, these are not traditional internal combustion engine, traditional views of how a car is built. These are incremental -- different -- it's a different approach. It's different skills, it's different tooling, it's different technologies. And as these companies are scaling up, both the OEMs as well as the Tier 1s and the supply chain, in general, they are facing pressures to start to think differently. And that's where simulation comes in. So we have an opportunity to continue to monetize those relationships and to continue to support our customers. And that's, I think, where we see strength in automotive.

Thanks, Kelsey. I am excited by our outstanding performance in Q3 and thus far in 2022, along with our robust pipeline and deep customer relationships. These factors, along with our diversified business and laser focus on execution, are giving us momentum as we close out the year and move into 2023. 
And I'm confident in our ability to achieve the ambitious long-term goals we announced during our investor update. Thank you to my colleagues at ANSYS for your dedication to our customers and to advancing the state-of-art simulation. And thank you all for attending today's call. Have a great day.