Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q2 was yet another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we once again beat across our key metrics including revenue, ACV, operating margin and earnings per share. That, coupled with our healthy pipeline, gives us further confidence in the business and has enabled us to raise our full year guidance on ACV and revenue in constant currency. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. 
Our largest contract of the quarter was a 3-year, nearly $25 million agreement with an international electronics brand. This new contract includes ANSYS solutions for semiconductors, electronics, fluids, as well as our learning hub to make users more familiar and productive with our software. By standardizing on ANSYS solutions, this customer expects to increase its products yield while decreasing verification time for signal and power integrity. 
Another multimillion-dollar agreement in Q2 enables an international automotive OEM to expand its usage to include ANSYS solutions for enterprise-level materials intelligence, electromagnetic interference and autonomous driving. This customer has already realized up to 5x improvements in aerodynamics and thermal engineering productivity, a reduction of more than 40% in material properties acquisition costs and a 10% improvement in hydrogen storage for its fuel cells. 
From a geographical perspective, we saw strong revenue growth from Asia Pacific and EMEA and the Americas came in as expected. Our 36% constant currency growth in revenue in Asia Pacific was thanks to several large contracts, including one with Murata Manufacturing, a Japanese company that specializes in electronic components. With Murata, the multiyear agreement spans our multiphysics portfolio and provides the company with an important thermal aware system simulation flow for radio frequency modules. This solution is expected to provide faster thermal sign-off by reducing the number of redesigns and by improving the ease of use of ANSYS products through a single interface. 
From an industry perspective, the high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our largest contributors. We also saw continued strength in the energy space, reflecting a mix of traditional and renewable use cases as well as in the industrial equipment sector, where we recorded a number of multiyear agreements from companies around the world.  For example, longtime customer, WEG, a global leader in electrical engineering, power and automation technology signed a multiyear contract in Q2 to standardize on ANSYS simulation. This new agreement will help the Brazilian company rethink its product development process by creating and implementing digital twins of its motors. This agreement will drive WEG's electrification and green energy initiatives. 
Now I'd like to briefly mention a different kind of customer success story. I would like to congratulate NASA and Northrop Grumman on the success of the James Webb Space Telescope. We have all seen the stunning images that have come from this largest and most precise optical instrument ever developed, and we are proud here at ANSYS for the role that we played in its creation. 
Naturally, it was impossible to physically test the entire mission before launch. And given the unforgiving environment of space, the mission had to run as expected the first time. Any error would have cost billions of dollars in expenses with perhaps an even greater scientific loss. That is why the team developed the rocket, the telescope and the entire mission in part using ANSYS simulation. With ANSYS, engineers overcame a number of unique challenges, including folding a structure of the size of a tennis court into a rocket, and then unfolding it. And then understanding how perpetual solar radiation would affect its operations. 
Engineers use ANSYS mechanical to identify solutions to ensure the satellites' connected segment and mirror would behave the same way of monolithic mirror would. Our optical solutions were used to design and test each step in the mirror alignment process from the initial segment search to the final phasing. In addition, mission planner has used our digital mission engineering solutions to test variables that impact how the satellite is launched and to determine how to keep the satellite stationary 1 million miles from Earth. And the results, well they're simply out of this world. 
Turning to our leadership in solutions to multiphysics simulation. Our customers now have access to ANSYS 2022 Release 2, a comprehensive set of solutions and capabilities that cross physics, engineering disciplines and industries. Included in this release are machine learning techniques in our core products, which are automatically optimizing repetitive processes, predicting workflows and enhancing user productivity. 
We have also delivered artificial intelligence technology that enables customers to perform massive design optimization studies to arrive at an optimal design in a fraction of the time once required.  This release also provides new high-performance computing capabilities and custom workflows for industry-specific applications, which will help more users address computationally complex problems by examining the impact of multiple physics at the same time. This added functionality is extending our multiphysics leadership, while enabling customers to make their next-generation products a reality. 
I am also excited that TSMC recently certified ANSYS' power integrity software for its industry-leading N4P and N3E process technologies. The certification for ANSYS RedHawk-SC and ANSYS Totem enables next-generation silicon designs for machine learning, connectivity and high-performance computing applications. 
I'm also pleased to announce that ANSYS has joined the Intel Foundry Services Cloud Alliance. Our electronics and semiconductor suite, which includes ANSYS RedHawk-SC, ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RaptorX, are available as part of the design flow that will help enable Intel customers to enhance their productivity. 
Rounding out our partner updates, Samsung Foundry has announced that it is using ANSYS' industry-leading multiphysics solutions to develop designs on the most advanced chips, nodes and process technologies. Using ANSYS, Samsung Foundry will deliver a comprehensive design flow with greater capacity, speed and integration capabilities for the company's most advanced semiconductor technology to boost high-speed connectivity while helping to reduce design error and risk. 
On our last call, I discussed the role that ANSYS solutions are playing in our customers' sustainability initiatives, including for increasing fuel efficiency, in driving electrification and in decreasing the rate of emissions. We have recently created a cross-functional Center of Excellence composed of members of our development and consulting teams to advance sustainability initiatives for our customers and partners. Our subject matter experts are focused on how ANSYS simulation can help accelerate the creation of new, more efficient and lower-impact products beginning at the design and development phase. 
As part of our own sustainability endeavors, ANSYS is committed to reducing our environmental footprint. To that end, we have announced that we have set a 15% reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2027. To hit that target, we are implementing projects identified in energy audits, including lighting enhancements and on-site renewable energy. We recently submitted to the Carbon Disclosure Project for the third year in a row, and continue to enhance our task force on climate-related financial disclosures. 
I am also excited to announce that Fast Company has recognized several ANSYS employees with its world-changing Ideas Award for the ANSYS Minerva template. This template is built in our Minerva solution for simulation process and data management, and provides an FDA-guided approval process for medical devices to speed potentially life-saving products to patients more quickly. 
I'm also proud that ANSYS has been certified as the Most Loved Workplace by the Best Practice Institute. This honor was bestowed on ANSYS because of our collaboration, our corporate values and practices as well as the outcomes we drive and demonstrates why we are an employer of choice. 
Next week, we'll have an opportunity to discuss ANSYS' longer-term business and financial goals as part of our investor update. I'm looking forward to further explaining the expansive role that simulation is playing in product development and sharing with you how ANSYS has become a trusted business partner with some of the top brands around the world. 
To summarize, Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, resulting in us beating our guidance across all key metrics. Our business momentum, our expanded product leadership and the ongoing strength of our customer pipeline gives me even more confidence in our ability to meet our outlook for 2022. 
And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole.  Nicole?

Just to amplify the point that Nicole was making, I mean, many of our customers, yes, they're certainly aware of these broader geopolitical concerns and pressures that we all see, but they continue to face competitive pressures. And they've got multiyear product road maps that they've been driving.  And frankly, that's where simulation comes in. Simulation helps them to deal with some of the competitive pressures that they're dealing with. It allows them to innovate more rapidly. 
And at the same time, it allows them to save money and time because we can reduce reliance on physical testing, we can reduce warranty costs and so forth.  And so the value proposition for simulation, which is it helps our customers both drive top line growth as well as achieve bottom line savings, that value proposition is really a compelling value proposition, and that's, I think, what we're seeing in the market.

No. I think -- as I said in the comments, our performance was pretty consistent across the verticals as we expected to see. Certainly, the bigger verticals are high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, automotive and ground transportation, but we saw strength in other areas as well. So nothing specifically to note in terms of explicit areas of consideration or concern.

And operationally, when you think about it, I mean the sales team manages relationships with the customers. And obviously, as Nicole said, there's a lot of timing around that in terms of when projects are kicked off in activity. So that drives the timing of some of the larger deals as well.

So Jay, as you know, I mean, we've been on this journey towards multiphysics sales quite for some time now, and we continue to execute along that direction as you pointed out. And certainly, our pipeline, especially as you consider the larger enterprise customers, our pipeline very much includes solutions that comprise of products from multiple parts of our portfolio.  And so the multiphysics message is strong. It addresses what customers are looking for. 
We have been a pioneer in that space, and we continue to see benefit from that, and we certainly see traction from customers as we continue to support them. So absolutely, as we look ahead, we have multiphysics activity and multiple product sales into our customer base, certainly at the larger end, but it's also increasingly -- as you start to look down the pyramid, we see multiphysics capabilities penetrating into the customer base. So I think that's very important. 
You mentioned a couple of product lines. Obviously, we don't give quantitative breakouts by products, but I can give you some qualitative color. You asked about Minerva. I gave you, I think in the script, I mentioned some of the workflows that we've put in place in the health care area. Minerva continues to be an important aspect managing simulation data given the amount of simulation information that's being created by our customers, managing that simulation data effectively is important, and that's -- Minerva plays a role in that. 
Materials, I've also mentioned -- and I think I mentioned in a couple of places, certainly in the past couple of calls, materials is also important, and we certainly recognize customers as they start to go through design optimization opportunities, the choice of materials is really important. Materials plays another interesting role in sustainability as well because when you consider the long-term compliance with regulations about materials that could be used, understanding the materials within our product design, something which could potentially take a number of years from design into actual implementation, really understanding what's in the product that's being built to make sure that you're compliant with the most recent regulations, that's also important. And so that's another area where materials comes in. 
Model basis and engineering, we continue to make progress in that area. It's really across the board where we have been able to have -- build on the strength of our ANSYS, traditional ANSYS products. We've supplemented that with acquisitions as and when appropriate, as it makes sense given our strategy. And we've continued to build the portfolio out to something that I'm very excited about and I know our customers are very excited about.

Well, I think it's a reflection of the fact that we have a broad platform and capability that allows us to be able to address the needs of our customers. And it's really the breadth and the depth of the portfolio that gives us the credibility to have those conversations with customers. And frankly, we believe we are differentiated in the marketplace because of the breadth and the depth of our portfolio. 
So if you talk to customers, they'll tell you they value the accuracy of what we do, they'll tell you they value the completeness of our solutions and our offerings. They'll tell you how we continue to innovate and invest in our portfolio. And they know that when they are making an investment in ANSYS, they're not just buying the product that we have today, they know that we're continuing to make investments, and we will continue to enhance the portfolio, and we'll make things better. And we'll deal with the challenges that they're likely to face in the future as well. 
So I think that gives us a tailwind when we go into some of these broader conversations. It is a difficult market to do wholesale replacements for one code base to another. If a customer is using a particular simulation for a number of years, they may continue to use that same simulation code for some period of time. So it does take some planning to do whole-scale replacements. But we're seeing more of that, and we're seeing competitive wins where we're replacing customers -- within customers, where we are replacing competitors who have been present for some number of years, and the customers made the decision to come to ANSYS, which we feel is a better choice. And obviously, the customer has also felt it's a better choice. 
So we're seeing that take place as well. So the dynamic is, I think, driven by the strength of the product portfolio and the investments that we're making.

Yes. I think you'll hear some more next week at our investor update. But certainly, as Nicole was saying, this is -- we've been making investments over the last several years. And as I mentioned just earlier in this call, the strength of the product portfolio, I think, is really added to our ability to support our customers, and that obviously helps tremendously in the market. That's number one. 
And as you pointed out, the go-to-market has also been really important. We've gone through a process of transforming over the last several years of go to market. And we have great customer relationships. We continue to maintain those great customer relationships we have momentum. And our customers know that we support them and they know they can rely on us. 
And so when you start to put all of that together, it creates an environment where the value of simulation shines through, and our customers recognize that they can take advantage of ANSYS in order to achieve their own business objectives.

So obviously, we don't provide financial breakdowns on a per product basis. But let me give you some perspective on where we are with Twin Builder and the broader concept of digital twins.  So the whole idea here is that with the digital twin, you're trying to create a digital equivalent of a product. And this is something that can transition from the design phase where typically our customers build 3D models, into the operation phase, where the digital twin, which is a simplified model of that full-fledged 3D model that's used for design, where that digital twin can be used for things like predictive maintenance, can be used for determining equipment uptime, replacement schedules and things of that nature. 
So we've seen certainly a lot of customer interest in that space. It's still early days. What we're demonstrating to customers is that physics-based digital twins, which is essentially what we do, coupled with some understanding of statistical techniques, when you put that together, which we encapsulate into our offerings, that provides them with tremendous accuracy with respect to some of the predictive maintenance capabilities that I just mentioned. 
So we continue to see interest in -- with customers. We continue to see momentum in that space. It's still relatively early days. It's still a relatively small market. Many customers are excited about the fact that we can do digital twins. They will lead with that conversation. And then they'll transition to other parts of the portfolio as well. So it's a great piece of the portfolio, and we're excited about the long-term future for this product area.

Yes. So as I -- as we've always said, we think about -- when we think about the future of our industry and where we need to go, we think about the combination of organic development, partnerships and acquisitions. So it's the -- it's always build, partner, buy. 
And that's -- those are the considerations that we bring into the equation as we think about the future of our portfolio. And in that context, we are always looking out to see if there are M&A opportunities that are consistent with our strategy, where we believe that we're disciplined investors. We're careful when we go into an M&A situation. We look carefully to make sure that there is the strategic value that we need. And that's how we think about the overall opportunity. 
And with valuations, valuations obviously have come down, and maybe that is a buying opportunity. But with quality, quality always is expensive. And so we want to make sure that we have the right technology and capability of products that we're in a position -- or companies that we're in a position to buy. 
Look, we're the -- you should know that we see most of the deals that are in our space, I mean -- because obviously, they get presented to us. And we are always -- when we look to that analysis, we look to make sure that we have great technology that we're bringing in. And if the technology is too far from the core, if we don't see a connection to our existing portfolio or go-to market, we pass. 
We've got a very rigorous process for diligence. We evaluate the core technology. We evaluate the stickiness of customer relationships. And when the technology isn't strong enough or customer relationships are superficial or we don't see strategic connections, we pass. So we're disciplined about this. But certainly, we will continue to evaluate M&A as and when it's appropriate in order to advance our strategy.

So yes, I think you'll hear more about this next week, but very quickly -- in a previous call, I talked about how the engineering simulation software, a market that we participated in, is quite different from traditional enterprise applications. And we talked about the importance of high-performance computing to our users. And obviously, remember that a single engineer could run an ANSYS simulation that runs across hundreds of compute nodes for multiple hours. .
And so what we have got as part of our cloud strategy is a very -- I think, a very thoughtful approach that addresses the needs of our customers. And it's to really enable our customers, both existing and new, to be able to benefit from the insights of physics-based simulation and optimization, as well as to be able to scale out -- or to support the scale-out capabilities in the cloud. 
We've got 2 distinct classes of offerings, cloud marketplace and cloud native. We've talked at length, I think, in past calls, about some of the cloud marketplace offerings in -- I think, in the previous quarter and the one before that. So I'll skip that in the interest of time. 
But with respect to cloud native, that's when we're targeting new users and new use cases. And we're creating a cloud-based platform for the development and the deployment of new workflows. And our recent acquisition, as you said, of OnScale, which is the leader in cloud-based simulation, that's accelerating our ability to be able to do that. And they bring -- they brought a host of critical capabilities that will allow us to develop a new set of services. And frankly, the integration of what OnScale is doing in ANSYS is a powerful combination. 
So one example is OnScale's cloud-native user interface connected to our industry-leading simulation solvers in the back end. So we're excited about cloud. It's -- we have, I think, a very thoughtful and robust strategy. It's still early days. We do offer customers a variety of capabilities as they need it, when they need it. We believe that our capabilities are flexible and scalable. And frankly, we believe that we will be able to unlock a level of innovation across every industry around the world.

I am more excited than ever by our excellent execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our robust pipeline, and I remain confident in our ability to achieve our ambitious goals. 
I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS for their commitment, their focus and their many successes. And with that, I want to thank you for attending today's call, and I look forward to giving you more details on our long-term business and financial goals at next week's investor update.  Thank you.