Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q4 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, capping off the most successful year in our 50-year history. We beat our financial guidance for the quarter across all key metrics, including revenue, ACV, earnings per share and cash flow. 
Q4 saw stronger-than-expected sales activity, which we believe was driven by a combination of deferred customer spending from earlier quarters, greater-than-expected end of year customer budgets in the Americas and in EMEA, coupled with increased albeit cautious optimism in the economy, thanks to the emergence of COVID-19 vaccines and expected government stimulus activities. 
During Q4, we closed nearly 100 deals over $1 million, a total that includes 8 deals in the 8 figures. One of those agreements was the second largest deal in the history of the company, a 5-year $79 million contract with an enterprise customer. While economic conditions forces global company to reduce expenses across the business, it's renewed and expanded its use of ANSYS core solver technology worldwide. And added newly acquired ANSYS technologies, including electronics reliability and dynamic analysis. This contract reflects the customer's long-term decision to standardize on ANSYS technology over other vendors and to reduce its reliance on physical testing and is a testament to ANSYS' market leadership. 
As we have consistently said, our years have become increasingly back-end loaded due primarily to the timing of large deals. This steady progression has allowed us sales and operations teams to support an increasingly higher magnitude of business in the fourth quarter of each year. Our strong q4 2020 execution drove record quarterly ACV which was over $100 million higher than the previous largest quarter in Q4 of 2019. The strength and volume of business that we closed in Q4 resulted in annual ACV growth of almost 10% in constant currency.
The year developed largely as we had predicted in our May 2020 call with regards to our performance by industry, geography and company size. During the year, we exceeded our expectations with enterprise customers including closing the 3 largest deals in our history. That speaks to the importance of ANSYS' integrated multiphysics simulation capabilities that connect all the major physics as well as to the trusted partnerships that we have built with our enterprise customers.  
Moving to products. We advanced our strategy of Pervasive Simulation with our recent delivery of ANSYS 2021 release 1 to our customers. With R1, engineers can harness the advances in simulation technology, together with ever-increasing computing power to drive new levels of product innovation. This comprehensive release features advances across our entire integrated multiphysics portfolio and our simulation platform, including in ANSYS Cloud, where customers can now scale beyond 1,000 cores for a single job. In ANSYS Discovery, which now includes automated thermal analysis to predict fluid and solid thermal behaviors for electronic cooling and heat management devices. And ANSYS Sherlock, where customers can now incorporate ANSYS Mechanical's random vibration analysis into their design for reliability workflow, thereby improving product reliability and lifetime.  
Another key element of R1 is ANSYS HFSS Mesh Fusion. This breakthrough solution simplifies the development of modern electronic products, which are incredibly complex systems consisting of multiple interacting components. Today, engineers can analyze these systems using 1 of 2 suboptimal techniques, either individual component simulation with manual combination, which can be error prone or a one-size-fits-all approach, which can result in long simulation time. Using ANSYS HFSS Mesh Fusions game-changing technology, an engineer can solve each component at a level of fidelity most relevant for that component and then HFSS automatically fuses the results. This virtually eradicates the costs and the risks of traditional methods, enabling engineers to efficiently design and optimize complex products. Samsung Electronics is using HFSS Mesh Fusion to create optimal designs and to shrink design cycle times and costs for its next-generation flat screen televisions. The electronics giant uses this innovative technology to develop advanced designs that were previously unimaginable.  
Moving to M&A. In Q4, we closed our acquisition of Analytical Graphics, Inc., or AGI. With AGI, we will be able to address a broader market called digital mission engineering, which combines mission simulation and analysis from AGI with component and system-level simulation from ANSYS. Based on a third-party market analysis and primary interviews with industry experts, we believe that the AGI acquisition increases ANSYS' total addressable market by $800 million. That market is being fueled by the replacement of open-source code, unsustainable in-house code and the ongoing growth in the number of missions. 
Our combined portfolio will enable customers to simulate up and down the stack starting at the chip level and going all the way up to customers' entire mission, increasing the likelihood of success and saving them time, money and other crucial resources. 
This week, we announced a relationship with Keysight, which connects AGI's mission analysis software with Keysight's high fidelity RS systems modeling capability. This partnership builds on an existing relationship, which empowers engineers to evaluate mission level behavior and is a key enabler for aerospace applications, amongst others. 
PTC, another partner, continues to see success with its OEM of ANSYS technology. In its most recent earnings call, PTC reported that Creo powered by ANSYS products grew bookings by more than 20% in the quarter. The company highlighted one such deal at Shock linger, which added Creo simulation live to help spark innovation and decrease product development cycle times. 
As we look ahead to 2021, I'd like to reflect on the COVID-19 pandemic and put it in context of the ANSYS business. COVID had an adverse impact on our 2020 results, most pronounced in Q2 and Q3 with some customers choosing to be cautious with their spending. However, our strong execution in the back half of the year, including the record Q4 performance, resulted in ACV above the high end of our updated May guidance and within the originally established range for the year. We are seeing a continuation of Q4's cautious optimism in our customer base with the expectation that the economic pressures of the pandemic will start to ease in the second half of 2021, but tempered by concerns with virus mutations and vaccine rollout schedules. 
The takeaway is that we're assuming greater uncertainty in the timing of sales activities than we would have, had this been a non-COVID year. We are also planning for 2021 to be heavily back-end loaded. Similar to or even slightly more pronounced in 2020. And we expect a wider range of outcomes in our full year projections as was the case in 2020. You will hear more about our guidance for 2021 shortly. 
Let me now move to the long-term to when the pandemic is behind us. While we are not in a position to quantify these considerations, I believe that some customers will cut back during the pandemic, will increase spending in R&D and simulation to compensate for other investments in 2020. More important, however, I believe that we will see a number of tailwinds that serve to increase the post pandemic market growth rates as compared with our pre-pandemic projections. 
First, in a recent survey of nearly 900 executives and managers across industries, the firm McKinsey found the pandemic may have accelerated digital transformation by as much as a decade. I believe this is particularly relevant for our customers and that they will hasten their digital transformations post-pandemic. In the process driving increased and deeper use of simulation. 
The pandemic proved that R&D engineers are effective when working from home. And that they can use simulation to successfully develop products even with no access to their physical labs. As companies move to hybrid work models post pandemic, they must accelerate their digital transformations to replace legacy product development processes with modern tools and techniques. Multiphysics simulation with its core value proposition of helping to accelerate time to market and to deliver cost savings will be key to these transformations. 
Next, the pandemic seems to have pushed customers to accelerate roadmaps and to innovate faster in areas such as telecommunications and consumer electronics. We are also seeing increased R&D in the creation of eco-friendly products such as electric vehicles and lightweight, fuel-efficient aircraft engines, as we discussed in our last earnings call. All of these products are sophisticated and complex and require integrated multiphysics simulation for design and development. That will continue to drive increased post-pandemic demand across our entire portfolio, including our newly acquired AGI mission offerings. 
To summarize, despite the disruptions caused by the pandemic, Q4 was an outstanding quarter, marked by record financial results. Looking long term, we believe that the pandemic may actually cause our total addressable market to go faster than our pre-pandemic projections. This makes me confident that as the market leader, ANSYS will be able to continue to drive strong and profitable long-term growth. 
Our next speaker is Maria Shields. As you may know, Maria has been our CFO since 1998. And for those of you counting, that's 90 quarterly earnings calls. She's been instrumental in guiding ANSYS on a remarkable journey from our initial public offering in 1996 to our status today as a simulation industry leader. And it's very fitting that we have delivered record results in her last full quarter as CFO. On March 1, she will transition into a new role of Senior Vice President of Administration, where she will focus on company culture, talent and technology to help us operate at even greater efficiencies. 
Former board member, Nicole Anasenes will succeed Maria as CFO on March 1. With her experience in the tech sector as well as the knowledge of ANSYS, Nicole has hit the ground running since joining ANSYS full-time in December. In addition to the traditional CFO responsibilities, Nicole will directly oversee our M&A function as well as ANSYS' digital transformation. Nicole was CFO and COO at Squarespace, she was CFO at Infor, and spent 17 years with IBM in various leadership positions in finance, mergers and acquisitions and market development including as CFO of IBM's software middleware business and its cloud business. 
I'll now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our Q4 and 2020 financials, and then to Nicole to give details around the 2021 outlook and assumptions for the year. Maria?

Jack, thanks for the question. So my comments very specifically in the script on TAM, one was around the increase in TAM as a result of the AGI acquisition, which we said added about $800 million to our total addressable market. 
The other comments about tailwinds that I spoke of were more -- were harder to quantify. As I said in the script, the point about digital transformation is that we have seen customers embrace simulation more during the pandemic. And certainly, with the recognition that their engineers could work from home effectively away from corporate labs, that's also been another tailwind for the use of simulation. So we expect to see that continue, certainly with the value proposition of simulation being able to drive product to market faster and save money. So that's a tailwind. 
And the second one that I pointed to was, in certain areas, we've seen increased levels of investment. Now those are -- I specifically call our telecommunications and consumer electronics, and those are areas which require multiphysics simulation analysis. So it really reflects on the multi physical nature of our portfolio, which I think was the question that you were asking. 
But also, the other interesting thing that we've noticed, which I pointed to in the comments, is in the area of eco-friendly products. And I'm not sure if it's coincident or there's a coevality here with the pandemic. But with the -- in that area, we've seen certainly increased levels of investment whether it's electric vehicle, which we've identified and pointed to before, but also on other things like lightweighting and eco-friendly aircraft engines and others. And so this area continues to be also an area of increased growth and something that requires multiphysics simulation. So that was the context of my comments, Jackson.

Yes. So if your question -- the question was about ANSYS Cloud and I guess usage during the pandemic or during the last year. If you look at usage, the demand for ANSYS Cloud continue to increase. And we've seen usage increasing by over 100% between 2019 and 2020. And what's interesting, and I think I mentioned this in the last call as well, we've had customers who've used ANSYS Cloud and reached a much more efficient solution than they would have on-premises. 
For example, Rockwell Automation, I think I mentioned, is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate its product development process, and they showed that they were able to reduce simulations run times by about 50%, which allows, obviously, their engineers to solve problems more accurately. And the reason for that is because ANSYS Cloud is optimized for the ANSYS workload, and we've done some work to make sure that the Azure infrastructure and which it runs as appropriate, and we can take advantage of the latest hardware and interconnect that Azure has available. So absolutely, ANSYS Cloud is certainly something that customers taking advantage of during this time. We've made the majority of our flagships available on ANSYS Cloud, mechanical, fluids, electromagnetics, et cetera. I just talked about the scale out that we have available there on the script as well as things like new workloads like OPTIS, SPEOS, VRX. 
So we're seeing the usage across all of our physics, and we're obviously seeing greater usage. And that, coupled with the flexibility that we have, which allows customers to bring their own license or bring their own hardware license or software license or just moving in to a SaaS world, that hybrid flexibility that we can afford, I think gives customers a lot of options. 
That being said, while we're excited about the cloud offering, and we're very encouraged by the rapid progress, I think it's important to note that the majority of our customers today use ANSYS products on-premises in their own data centers or in their own private cloud, and so ANSYS Cloud is obviously growing rapidly, but it's still a very small piece of our business today and for the foreseeable future.

No, I think you're talking about the semiconductor, the availability of manufacturing of semiconductor chips and the shortage of that. I think that has -- that's a sort of a different cycle. On the design side, we continue to see demand, robust demand for our products because there continues to be robust demand and growth in both semis and electronics. 
So no negative impact at all, just some market tailwinds for usage of those technologies. And the fact is, as customers are going to more and more advanced process nodes, the investments that we've made in RedHawk, and in particular, in RedHawk-SC is starting to pay off. And that obviously translates into more demand for our technology.

And I'd just point out that China is less than 5% of our overall business, I think something like 4%. So it's a relatively small piece of our business, overall.

So Jay, thanks for the questions. There's a lot that we could go through, and I'm -- I, maybe in the interest of time, I'll just focus on a couple of things. When you think about our journey as a company, we've gone from providing point technologies back when we started like structures. Over the years, we've brought together a comprehensive set of physics through a combination of acquisitions as well as organic development. 
And now we have a full-fledged set of physics that are integrated together. And it's this integration capability across all of these physics that's profoundly important. And we've continued to add to that with materials technologies, for example, with optimization capabilities, et cetera. And that has led to the building up of our platform capability, which is profoundly important to be able to address and provide that agility to support different industry applications. 
And because we have all of these multiphysics capabilities integrated together and exposed on a platform, that makes it easier for our customers as well as our own ACE engineers to build industry-specific or customer-specific solutions that take advantage of the core capabilities that we provide as well as integrate with core components that might be available from outside of our own ecosystem. 
So that's been the direction that we're pursuing. Our technology is available both on-premises and in the cloud. And I think we have a very robust and a very strong technical underpinnings to be able to support not only the more traditional use case where you're dealing with. We use the simulation of the tool, but also we the use of simulation within as part of an integrated platform to deliver value-added applications to customers. And you're seeing this in some of the announcements that we've made. You referenced one of them with respect to BMW. We've made some announcements in the health care space and others where we're working with partners who are able to provide application-specific intelligence that wraps on top of our simulation solutions because of the way we're that architecting our platforms and our capability. 
Now with respect to the long-term road map, I would refer you, one of those key elements is the platform. And obviously, we just talked about platform a second ago. Another area that perhaps might be interesting is AI/ML where we've talked about the use of machine learning. We see that we continue to make investments in AI/ML capability because we really see AI/ML as an orthogonal but supportive technology simulation. Simulation makes AI/ML better, the insight from AI/ML better and AI/ML can support insights from simulation. 
And you see this -- you see these technologies and techniques already being incorporated into our products. You see this, for example, in our semiconductor portfolio, and you continue to see this integrated into other aspects of our products, whether it comes to usability, whether it comes to helping customers or helping engineers navigate the solution space and so forth. And we can obviously go into more details, but in the interest of time, let's just leave those there.

So Gal, thanks for the question. So your question is really how we are integrating with some of these larger customers and how are we working with them? So if you recall, when we went through the go-to-market transformation that we spoke off a couple of years ago, and when we really started to accelerate in the last couple of years, it was around putting together a traditional customer pyramid where we had enterprise customers at the top of the pyramid and enterprise customers were deemed to be such, not only because they had significant spending powers and have large and complex problems to solve. And therefore, we're spending a lot of money on R&D. But also because we had enterprise customers who were -- who are being supported by specialized teams. And so we would have -- we were able to allocate to these enterprise customers, dedicated account management, both on the technical side as well as the sales side to help navigate through the account. 
That process has been underway for a few years. When you -- and so that gives us within some of these large customers, it gives us great relationships and a very good understanding of what's going on and we've been able to help educate the customers about the capabilities that ANSYS can provide. That, coupled with the other comment I made about digital transformation. Clearly, this is an important area for customers and in -- the digital transformation of that product life cycle continues to be important. The pandemic, as I've mentioned earlier, accelerated that and made it clear and manifest customers that they need to enable their engineers to be able to work from anywhere. And that's obviously possible through a digital thread and simulation in some sense is the most -- the purest digital representation of a product. 
And so that was -- that's the second sort of broad thread about the recognition that people can be effective, engineers can be effective to taking advantage of the technology from wherever. I think the third and perhaps the most important is that, look, at the end of the day, simulation provides tremendous value to customers. They are -- we've talked about this for a long time. We've said, look, we can help you accelerate product to market, that's one area, that drives top line revenue growth. And we've also said, we can help you save money. We can help you save money because you don't have to build physical prototypes, you can do the proverbial more with less. And that also resonates with customers, especially in tough economic times. 
So when you put all of this stuff together, it's no wonder that we're seeing some large deals from customers. This is not accidental. This has been planned. This has been multi-years and planning to make sure that we build these relationships to help them with their digital transformation and to continue to drive investments in the portfolio and to continue to show the value that simulation will provide.

Well, firstly, with respect to our analysis of the TAM, if you go back to our Investor Day from a couple of years ago, 2019, we did a pretty comprehensive analysis of the TAM and where it is today and where it's going. And we talked about a number of areas. We talked about the core business. We talked about, which is the historical use of simulation and the design and validation phase of the product life cycle. We talked about high-growth solutions like electric vehicles or electrification, autonomy, IoT, 5G. And then we talked about simulation being used in nontraditional use cases and things like predictive maintenance through digital twins and so forth. 
And what we did when we presented that, as we pointed out that the -- that there was more predictability on the base case use cases of simulation as it's historically been. But in some of these longer-term opportunities, in particular, simulation being used, for example, in predictive maintenance and digital twins, we pointed out that there was a significant amount of variability, depending on the rate of adoption of digital technologies and we talked about how that was being affected by assumptions you make about the pace and rate of deployment of capabilities that may have historically not used simulation. 
So that's the -- that's where we were a couple of years ago. The observations that we've seen in the pandemic, as I said in my script, have been very specifically on certain areas. The digital transformation comment is real. Customers are recognizing they need to spend more -- to pay more attention to the digital transformation. We've talked a lot about this on the call already. And so that, we believe, represents an aggregate tailwind, an acceleration of activities that may have taken place already, but those -- that's an acceleration. And when you start to think about some of these other areas like electronics, consumer electronic -- consumer electronics, telecommunications, again, the pandemic caused people to think more about what does it mean for the communications infrastructure? How do I interact with my office working remotely, et cetera? And you started to see that level of interest in the end markets, which has obviously translated into increased demand in the electronics and high-tech vertical for us, which translates across to a number of our products. 
And as I said, in certain areas like green, it's not clear that it's directly related to the pandemic, but we continue to see increased focus on this. Perhaps it's because of broader recognition of the importance of ESG initiatives, maybe it's because of the pandemic, but we're continuing to see more activities there. And again, this entire area of getting to an eco-friendly set of products accelerates activities that might otherwise have taken longer, come in a little bit earlier. 
So I think the core recognition in the elements of the market remain what we had talked about, the question is timing. And as I said also in the call, it's hard for us to quantify what the effects of these tailwinds are going to be. So I want to be very clear that we see this anecdotally, but it's hard -- we are not quantifying the effects of these tailwinds at this point.

So Moxie, again, I don't want to get too detailed here, but Moxie is a new capability that's being offered by AGI and essentially it engineers -- it enables engineers to execute behavioral SysML models in a virtual simulation environment, such as AGI's SDK toolkit. And it's really to be able to analyze and validate the models to make sure that they can meet mission requirements. So we're very excited about the technology. I think it adds to our portfolio and our capabilities. And we can certainly talk more about the technical details perhaps at a later point.

Thank you, operator. Q4 was an excellent quarter and a great inning to a strong 2020, all thanks to our 1 ANSYS team around the world. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our business as well as our deep customer relationships. Several of those customers will discuss their use of ANSYS simulation during our upcoming Simulation World, which is on April 20 to 21 of this year. This virtual event, the largest of its kind through tens of thousands of customers, prospects, students, press and, of course, investors last year. This year, our Simulation World will feature customers such as Johnson & Johnson, HPE, Ferrari, Pratt & Whitney and Northrop Grumman. You can register by attending simulationworld.com. 
Thank you for attending today's call, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.