Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q4 was yet another exceptional quarter for ANSYS. We delivered double-digit growth in revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow. Our ACV growth of 28% in constant currency was particularly notable because of the challenging comparisons with Q4 of 2017. For the year, revenue grew by 11% and ACV grew 17%, both in constant currency, and we ended the year with a record $957 million in 605 deferred revenue and backlog, which is a 24% increase over Q4 in 2017. 
To summarize, our financial results in Q4 were outstanding and provided a great ending to a stellar 2018. 
At Investor Day in 2017, we announced that our objective was sustained double-digit growth by 2020 while maintaining industry-leading margins. We introduced several strategic pillars to guide our journey to that objective. I'm pleased that we have made important advances across all these priorities over the course of the past year. And with double-digit revenue growth in both 2017 and 2018, I'm confident we are tracking to our 2020 objective. 
The central pillar of our growth strategy was the need to extend our leadership in the core business by introducing new innovations and by transforming our go to market. Let me start with products. Building on the momentum from last year's 19.x series of releases, we launched ANSYS 2019 R1 earlier this month. R1 features innovation after innovation, including a new Multibody Dynamics product line, an intuitive user experience in Fluent, our flagship CFD solution; an electromagnetic interference scanner that delivers results in seconds as part of our industry-leading electronic solutions; a new heads-up display capability in SPEOS, our flagship's optic solution; and multi-core platform support in SCADE, our embedded software solution. Each of these individual innovations is important in helping customers solve some of their most challenging problems. Taken together, however, they show that ANSYS is leading the industry with advanced multiphysics simulation capabilities. 
We also recently launched a new ANSYS cloud-native solution, enabled by Microsoft Azure that offers customers seamless access to on-demand high-performance computing in the public cloud. The offering is optimized for ANSYS solutions, initially ANSYS Mechanical and Fluent, and dovetails nicely with offerings by ANSYS' cloud hosting partners, which include both ANSYS' and third-parties' products. 
Based on the advances in our core products and the integration across our portfolio, we're continuing to help customers address some of their most challenging problems where they're aggressively investing in R&D. 
Today, let me highlight some of our successes with autonomous systems. 3M has developed advanced materials that enable sensors to deliver additional information from enhanced infrastructure to advanced driver assistance systems, or ADAS. ANSYS' tools and services are opening the doors to new opportunities in the fast-changing automotive market by providing 3M credibility in demonstrating their sensor material performance under adverse weather and lighting conditions. This is another example of how ANSYS is helping a customer chase a multibillion-dollar market opportunity. 
Another great example of our integrated solutions is with Oceaneering, which is developing autonomous submersible vehicles for use with offshore oil rigs. They're using a multiphysics ANSYS solution to digitally test optical avoidance algorithms, a technique that could reduce costs by 90% and that's critical when in-water tests can run up to $150,000 each day. 
Moving to sales. You may recall that 2 years ago, we had embarked on the transformation of our go-to-market strategy to allow us to maximize our market opportunity and to correct underperformance in key geographies, notably Europe. Our new go-to-market approach enables us to effectively grow and close large enterprise deals through the ANSYS direct sales team while simultaneously efficiently addressing the large volume of our transactional or momentum business through a combination of territory sales, channel partners and inside sales. That strategy has unlocked new opportunities, as you can see from our revenue and ACV growth numbers. 
We saw strength in all of our geographies. While North America led the way with 19% constant currency growth, I'm delighted that Europe grew 10% in constant currency, both in Q4 and in 2018, continuing the growth recovery we had expected. 
On the large enterprise front, we began 2018 with a $50 million customer contract, at the time the largest in the history of ANSYS. And I'm thrilled to announce that we capped off the year with a Q4 $59 million contract across multiple product lines with a long-standing customer. 
The second pillar of our growth strategy was selectively investing in high potential adjacencies to expand our addressable market. You may remember that simulation has traditionally been used primarily as a validation tool. As part of our vision of pervasive simulation, we're expanding the use of simulation upfront in the design process with Discovery Live during manufacturing with our additive manufacturing solutions, and in operations with Twin Builder. 2019 will be a validation and building year for these offerings, setting the stage for additional growth in 2020 and beyond. 
With its real-time simulation capabilities, Discovery Live has captured the attention of design engineers across the globe. One of the new users of Discovery Live, long-time ANSYS customer, Endress+Hauser, is seeing the benefits of simulation in product ideation. This global leader in measurement instrumentation, services and solutions for industrial process engineering is cutting costs and reducing time to market by bringing simulation earlier in the product development process with Discovery Live. To quote one of the company's engineers, "With Discovery Live, we are agile. We are fast and we are efficient." Discovery has picked up more best new product awards than any other ANSYS solution in the last decade. And at the end of Q4, we signed our first 7-figure Discovery deal. 
Another new solution, Twin Builder, enables our customers to build, validate and deploy simulation-based digital twins. The market for Twin Builder is enormous, with half of the large industrial companies expected to deploy digital twins in the next 3 years, and we are seeing early traction in the market. The home appliance and air solution division of the global giant, LG, is using Twin Builder to create virtual prototypes at the component level and share IoT information amongst products, supporting research to boost product reliability, reduce the time to market, decrease the need for physical testing and improve product development. 
The next pillar of our growth strategy was pursuing strategic partnerships and acquisitions. On the partnership side, last week, PTC released Creo Simulation Live, which embeds ANSYS Discovery technology into Creo. With PTC's market leadership, this partnership grows the ANSYS reach to a new and broader base of design engineers around the world. While it is too soon to evaluate market success, early indications are positive. During its most recent earnings call, PTC reported that it already had orders from 20 customers following its December preview release as well as more than 160 customers in its short-term pipeline. 
M&A continues to be a highlight for us. As you know, ANSYS has a long history of successful M&A, where we acquire companies with leading technologies, invest in both innovation and integration with the broader ANSYS portfolio and take advantage of the vast ANSYS customer footprint to increase customer adoption and sales and drive growth for ANSYS. We're following that same playbook with our 2 most recent acquisitions, both of which closed earlier this month. 
The first is Granta Design, the pioneer of material intelligence and information technology. With the variety of materials available to product developers today, having accurate, traceable and reliable materials information is increasingly critical to simulation accuracy. Granta has proven world-class technology that has enjoyed success in some of the largest and most sophisticated companies. Rolls Royce, for example, used Granta to save $10 million to reduce [ setting, ] legacy data capture and other cost avoidance. And although we share a few customers with Granta, including Lockheed Martin, Saudi Aramco and Airbus, their distribution was limited because of their size. Now as part of ANSYS, with our ability to reach customers in all geographies, there are many new opportunities to drive growth by introducing the Granta material solution to a much larger customer base. 
We also closed a smaller acquisition, Helic, which builds great technology to analyze and mitigate the risk of electromagnetic crosstalk for semiconductor designs. This is particularly relevant because megatrends like 5G and artificial intelligence are driving the need for extensive on-ship electromagnetic analysis to combat electromagnetic noise. Helic's solutions, when combined with ANSYS' PowerArtist, our power integrity and noise analysis technology, as well as our market-leading electromagnetic solvers, will help engineers deliver on the promise of next-generation solutions. 
Our 2019 strategy for growth remains the same as last year. We'll continue to grow our core, expanding to the adjacencies we've selected, drive partnerships and pursue appropriate M&A. With the strategy in place, I'm excited that our guidance for 2019 is 12% constant currency 606 revenue growth at the midpoint for the full year. This is an ambitious growth objective, especially in the light of our stellar performance in 2018, and it is a testament to the strength of the ANSYS franchise. 
I want to take a minute to talk about corporate commitment to environmental, social and governance initiatives. Last month, we were named to the global 100 most sustainable corporations by Corporate Knights, a firm solely focused on tracking and ranking companies committed to sustainability. This is a powerful recognition of our company and our employees. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Maria.

Thanks, Rich. Thanks for the question. So as far as Discovery is concerned, as I said in my comments, we are very excited about what we have in terms of the technology, and obviously we're taking it to market both directly through our sales force as well as in conjunction with the OEM that we have with PTC. PTC recently announced its new product. It was announced last week. There was a webcast webinar yesterday. I think that 2,000 customers or 2,000 individuals have signed up for that webinar as well. So there's obviously a lot of excitement in the PTC customer base as well for that. So we're very excited about it. We see 2019 as essentially a validation year. We don't really see this as being a big revenue year yet. This is not -- this is still early stages for a product which I think is transformative, but the fact is in our market, it takes a while for products to gain momentum. So we feel this is a building year and we will continue to come up with a new version for the technology. PTC will continue to improve their product with the integration of our technology into it. We learned this year, and I'm looking forward to -- I'm really looking forward really next year to seeing some more tangible results from a revenue perspective.

Sure. Hey, Gal. Thanks for the question again. So a couple of quick comments about large deals. Firstly, large deals don't just happen by themselves. They happen as a result of a long-term relationship between our -- us as a company and the customer. And that's a relationship that takes years to develop, and it's a relationship that we pride ourselves on and we maintain because of the level of investments we're making both in our product as well as in our technical capabilities with customers. And so that's one important aspect of those relationships. And as the $59 million deal that we talked about is from a long-standing customer of ours, as an example. And the second thing is what we're seeing is many of these large deals are obviously not just single product deals. These are -- these pull together multiple products from multiple product lines and so they're essentially multiphysics deals. And that's really important for us because when we think about the direction where some of these large companies are going, they're looking at more challenging problems. They're looking at more -- they're looking at solutions which require necessarily this multiphysics analysis that we can bring to the table. And so that's another element as well of some of these large deals. And so when you think about the pipeline that we're seeing for this year for some of the larger deals, we're kind of back-end focused -- we're back-end loaded this year. So a lot of activity is happening in the latter part of the year. Q4 is obviously going to be a heavier quarter, much like Q4 in 2018 was a heavier quarter, and that's also part of the way that we're thinking about the year. So we have visibility into the pipeline. We have been developing these deals and these relationships with customers, and as I said, the relationships take years to develop. And this is part of the cadence that we're building into our business as we go forward, understanding how to manage these large deals to understand what they look like in the pipeline, make sure that we can bring the relevant sets of solutions to bear with both our sales organization as well as our technical organization and then slot it in from an execution perspective.

Sterling, thanks for the question. So let me address very quickly the opportunity in '19. Obviously, electronics, in general, is very strong for us. We have solutions that help us both in the traditional EDA market as well as in the broader high-tech market. And frankly, we see tremendous opportunity in 2019 and beyond, and it's obviously being fueled by the complexity of semiconductors that are rolling into solutions for autonomous and for 5G, for AI, cloud computing. All of the things are demanding more and more complexity for semiconductors. Obviously, that's driving process nodes -- customers toward advanced process nodes. But from our perspective, that also pulls in a need to be able to do multiphysics analysis, and it's not uniquely about looking at one individual physics. It's understanding the implications at the chip level, at the board level, at the system level, and that requires necessarily an understanding across all the different physics as we've discussed in the past. And so I think that's going to be very important, certainly as we see the use of semiconductors in these next-generation applications. Maria?

Right. Great question. So we currently go to market, as you rightly pointed out, with a network of cloud hosting partners, so we're essentially around the globe. And they provide turnkey access to the ANSYS portfolio. So our cloud-hosting partners take advantage of whatever public cloud infrastructure they choose to use. The customer works with them and they're able to work with both ANSYS technology as well as third-party technology and offer that as essentially as a cloud solution. So they serve as the cloud partner, if you will, for the customer and the customer directly works with them. And that's a great partnership with us and the cloud hosting partners that's been working very well. What we've done with the ANSYS cloud is we've taken a slightly different approach. And here now, within -- directly within our flagship products initially with Fluent and Mechanical, you can directly access the HPC capabilities in the cloud, in this case, the Azure public cloud. And so it's completely seamless. It's completely built into the UI. And you have an option when you're using the products to then choose to use the public cloud, which essentially provides seamless HPC for our customers. And obviously, that provides -- that makes the cloud a little bit more accessible. It provides convenience because the customers or engineers can -- without having to leave the environment that they're working in every day, they can enlist this additional compute power without even being an expert on HPC. And obviously, this makes HPC easy to use, and we're excited about that. And in the coming months, we'll be adding more services and capabilities to the ANSYS cloud. It dovetails nicely with what our public -- with our cloud-hosting partners, what they provide, and we're excited about providing our customers a choice of how they want to take advantage of the public cloud.

Sure. So as you well know that these larger deals, as I mentioned already, these larger deals do include multiphysics deployments or multiphysics -- I mean, they're multiphysics in nature. I would say that, for our largest 100 customers, most of them probably have 3 or more products from -- 3 or more physics, if you will, installed and are taking advantage of them. So I would say that it's a pretty broad penetration of multiphysics into the largest 100 customers. That being said, I think that the market for simulation is still early stages because when you think about where the use of simulation is even at the very large customers, there's plenty of opportunity to continue to increase the use of simulation. Our strategy for simulation and the use of simulation is to make it more pervasive. Historically, it's obviously been used in the validation phase, and even there, I think we're underpenetrated. But if you start to think about the opportunity going upstream to the designers and then downstream into manufacturing and operations, I think we have a significant opportunity. And we're seeing that because with some of these larger deals, yes, there is improved sales execution. Obviously, there's improved sales execution. But it's also the case that the customers need the technology. No one would be buying things if they didn't need it. The customers need the technology because we're able to demonstrate the value of the technology in different use cases and to addressing different customer needs, and that's translating into greater demand for our offering. And so you see with these large deals, these are customers we've had for numbers of years and then we continue to expand the footprint and the penetration into those organizations, and I don't believe that we're reaching an asymptote or anything of that nature. So we're excited about our future. We're excited about the opportunity in front of us.

Sure. I think the further -- the importance -- and I couldn't tell you exactly what happened in 2017 versus 2018, but essentially what we did is there's a pretty deep segmentation of our customers and separated them into different categories, if you will. There's a segment of our customer base where we directly address the customer through the ANSYS direct sales force, and these tend to be the largest of customers. And typically, you'll have an account manager looking after a small number or one customer with technical support. And this is where a lot of the larger deals come from. We also have what we call -- we also have territory sales individuals who are not focused on the largest accounts. And we have what we call a momentum sales motion, which is more transactional in nature. And these are the next generation or the next level, if you will, of customers, where the coverage is less, it's not so much one-to-one, it's less -- a single sales individual may cover several different accounts or we would have channel partners who are then working with us to also cover accounts. And so through the combination of channel partners and territory sales, we're able to cover some of these accounts. We also have invested in inside sales and our inside sales activity is doing well. And we're able to then not just create inside demand. It's not just an organization to set up meetings, but we have an organization that can actually close business telephonically through our inside sales organization. Obviously, that is -- that does tend to be smaller deals, but some of them are very nice deals as well. And so that combination of being able to go direct to large organizations with more focus, being able to manage the territory effectively and leveraging the channel partners and leveraging inside sales to be able to scale the transactional aspects of the business is really what's been contributing to our success on both fronts on the large enterprise side as well as on the small enterprise side. As we look at -- as we go forward into 2019, the challenges for the sales organization, obviously, are -- we have 2 new acquisitions in the form of Granta and Helic. We're integrating them into the sales organization and to our go-to-market motion. That technology will be available to, obviously, our direct sales people as well as to our channel partners to be in a position to take to market. So we're excited about -- and we're excited about that work, and that means integrating the technical sales organization, as well as teaching our sales organization. Outside of that, the same structure that I described, namely going after large enterprise customers, being able to manage the momentum accounts, that remains in place as we think about our business in 2019.

So we -- our approach for Discovery has been twofold. One is that we think that it could be -- customers we've historically had, larger customers who are taking advantage of Discovery, although it may be -- excuse me, it may be a different user base within that large customer. So maybe a different cadre of users who have not historically used the ANSYS flagship solutions but who do -- who could benefit from the use of simulation. So even though it would be the same large customer, it would be a different user within that. And we're seeing that certainly within our own go to market with Discovery, but we're also seeing that, as you think about some of the conversations we've been having with our colleagues at PTC in terms of how they're thinking about our positioning Creo Live as well. And then the other area that we think that we will be able to bring in customers is customers have historically not necessarily been ANSYS users, who tend to -- who are smaller haven't found -- haven't felt that they could manage the use of simulation even though they would benefit from that, and we believe that there's an opportunity there as well. And that's -- I would say that, that's harder for us to quantify right now but that's also an opportunity that we are excited about.

And I think Jay, the other part of your question was around our investments in our technical capability -- customer-facing capability, our ACE organization. And yes, that continues to be an area that we are making investments. And you'll see that if you look at our -- go online and look at the kinds of people that we're looking to hire. And we're making investments in our ACE organization essentially across the product portfolio, across the world. Obviously, we've got some new talent coming in through the acquisitions of Granta and Helic. And those individuals will obviously join the company and will be essential, of course, as we start to expand in those areas as well. So there will be expansion in our ACE capabilities in 2019.

So I think there's obviously great execution in North America and there's been a lot of large deals activity as well [ that we've been able to address ] in North America. And I think to a certain extent, just given the nature of some of these large deals, these tend to be long-term customers that historically have been with us for a long time. That's been -- we've been able to build on that given the way the North America team has been laid out. But no, I think from a market demand perspective and what customers are looking for, it's kind of -- you would expect the same sort of thing from customers, whether they're based -- headquartered in North America, whether they're headquartered in Europe or whether they're headquartered in Asia. And I think that the execution aspects of the North America business has also been very strong.

Thank you, Andrew. So 2018 was another outstanding year for ANSYS, with strength across all of our key financial metrics. We improved our go-to-market execution and we broadened our product capabilities. These important accomplishments continue to move the business in the right direction and give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We look forward to another exciting year in 2019. 
In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support. And a shout-out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call today, and I look forward to our next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.