Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q4 was another strong quarter for ANSYS and the largest quarter in our history. We beat our financial guidance for the quarter across all key metrics, including ACV, revenue, earnings per share and cash flow. 
Q4 was the capstone to an excellent year in which we grew ACV by 16% in constant currency. Our industry-leading product portfolio, strong execution and growing markets enabled us to beat and raise our guidance each quarter of 2021. We saw strength across all major industries, geographies and go-to-market routes over the course of the year.  
Our direct and indirect channels grew at double digits. Similarly, each of our go-to-market customer segments, enterprise, strategic and volume accounts, all grew by double digits. The high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our top industry, and each demonstrated robust year-over-year growth.  
From a geographical perspective, we saw strong performance with each region growing ACV at double digits. I'm also pleased that we saw broad-based growth consistent with our expectations across product lines from our more established flagship products in structures, fluids, electromagnetics and semiconductors, to our newer offerings such as optics, materials and digital mission engineering.  
Our customer relationships continue to be strong and are helping to fuel that growth. In Q4, one of our key contracts came from Asia Pacific, a 5-year multimillion-dollar agreement with LG Electronics. This long-time customer uses ANSYS simulation to enable resource-efficient production by significantly reducing material use, costs and the number of redesigns. That sustainability initiative has enabled the electronics giant to introduce high-quality, next-generation products faster than expected while reducing its carbon footprint.  
I'm also excited that Fraunhofer, a German research organization with 76 institutes spread across the country, standardized on the ANSYS simulation platform with a 3-year, 7-figure contract in Q4. Its researchers and engineers will use the entire ANSYS portfolio to support innovation efforts in the automotive, chemical, energy, aerospace and health care segments.  
Our ongoing broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence for our prospects in 2022 and beyond. We expect our 2022 ACV to grow at about 10% at the midpoint in constant currency, which positions ANSYS to surpass our long-term target of $2 billion in ACV. Nicole will walk you through our guidance for 2022 in a moment.  
During these calls, I often highlight different aspects of our technology. For example, I discussed our solutions for optical simulation on our last call and our unparalleled product scalability in August of 2021. Given the strength of our semiconductor and electronics business in Q4, I'd like to spend a little bit more time discussing that important segment.  
Faced with mounting customer expectations, today's semiconductor companies operate at the cutting edge of innovation, and that products are continually pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Furthermore, some systems companies are turning to custom-built bespoke silicon to give their products an edge.  
At a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars for advanced process node tape-out, the cost of failure is prohibitively expensive. The semiconductor and system companies are maximizing their likelihood of success by turning to technologies like scalable multiphysics simulation from ANSYS to develop advanced process nodes and topologies like 3D and 2.5D multi-die chip assemblies.  
A key deal in Q4 was a multiyear agreement with AMD, a global leader in high-performance computing and visualization products. AMD is a long-time ANSYS strategic customer. This new contract reflects AMD's rapid growth in the expanded use of ANSYS simulation and sign-off tools. As a result, AMD's global engineering teams have increased access to ANSYS solutions, improving collaborations and organizations across the company.  
Customers are also using ANSYS electromagnetic simulation to prevent electromagnetic interference and to ensure signal integrity. Our best-in-class structural and fluid simulations are critical to predicting cooling and thermal warping and to ensuring reliable IC package designs.  
Customers are relying on our optical simulation to ensure the success of high-speed photonics interconnectivity amongst data-hungry systems. And they are leveraging our safety solutions. For example, a large semiconductor supplier to the automotive industry is using ANSYS to support workflows that graphically link semiconductor design to key functions within the electronics architecture for electric vehicle battery management systems.  
Customers can rely on ANSYS because we continue to drive significant technological advances into the marketplace. In our recently released Ansys 2022 R1, we introduced breakthrough new semiconductor functionality that targets DvD, or dynamic voltage drop, which has traditionally been difficult to model and understand. DvD is a drop in the voltage rails caused by high-transient current drawn from the power grid. It is analogous to your house lights dimming for a moment when your air conditioning turns on.  
Our new technology, SigmaDVD, is a powerful approach that significantly increases coverage of dynamic voltage drop. With this functionality, we are empowering our customers to move from simulating chiplets to simulating an entire chip for all switching scenarios. We believe this breakthrough will spur innovation throughout the semiconductor industry.  
ANSYS has always advocated for open ecosystems, which allow for best-of-breed interoperability and give our customers the ability to make the right decisions for their unique businesses. This is particularly important for semiconductor and systems companies, and that is why we partner with foundries and other leading software companies.  
As part of our partnership, Synopsys has integrated ANSYS electronic solutions into its 3DIC Compiler for highly accurate signal thermal and power data. The automated back annotation amongst these solutions enables faster convergence with fewer iterations to enable customers to bring next-generation products to market faster.  
Earlier in 2021, we signed a multiyear, multimillion dollar contract with a major semiconductor company with standard on ANSYS multiphysics solutions, including ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk-SC for the latest FinFET technologies and advanced 3DIC techniques. Not only was this customer able to realize the benefits from ANSYS products, but it was able to drive faster time to value, thanks to our integration with Synopsys' best-in-class technologies.  
Moving to our semiconductor foundry partners. Samsung Foundry has certified Ansys RaptorH electromagnetic simulation solution for developing advanced systems on chip as well as for 3DICs. That industry-first certification enables ANSYS to help Samsung designers as well as Samsung Foundry customers more accurately analyze and mitigate risks from electromagnetic effects when adopting Samsung's new sign-off flow.  
In Q4, TSMC named ANSYS as an OIP Partner of the Year for a joint development of 4-nanometer design infrastructure, which led to the certification of ANSYS RedHawk-SC and Ansys Totem for TSMC's most advanced 3- and 4-nanometer processes. TSMC honored us with an award for our development of ANSYS RedHawk-SC electrothermal for full chip and package thermal analysis.  
ANSYS has also partnered with Intel Foundry Services to become an inaugural member of the design ecosystem alliance. Through this alliance, Intel will use ANSYS' market-leading multiphysics solutions to enable Intel customers to create unique chips with tailor-made silicon.  
Turning to our environmental, social and governance initiatives. ANSYS and 3M have launched a material modeling training program that is helping engineers refine product development processes and reduce material waste. 3M is offering verified material models for its tape and adhesive products to all ANSYS users to help power environmental sustainability initiatives.  
Finally, I'm excited that ANSYS has recently been recognized for our product innovation as well as for our winning culture. The international society for optics and photonics presented the Prism Award in Software for our OpticStudio STAR Module. This technology streamlines optical designs while reducing design errors, development time and material costs.  
ANSYS has also been recognized by The Great Places to Work Institute as a preferred employer in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. That is a testament to our colleagues in Asia as well as to our culture of innovation.  
In summary, Q4 was a great quarter, capping off an exceptional year for ANSYS. We beat guidance across all our key financial metrics, and we delivered the best year in company history. Thanks to our market-leading portfolio and our deep customer relationships, our customers are continuing to grow their ANSYS simulation for products as diverse as consumer electronics, electric vehicles, rocket ships and life-saving medical devices. Those factors, combined with the momentum we experienced in Q4, will propel us through this year and beyond.  
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?

Yes.

Okay. Jay, so let me take the first question, and then I'll hand it over to Nicole for the second. So the point that you're making, actually, is a very good point. We have invested in creating a comprehensive platform that supports simulation. And that platform allows for workflow, it allows for data management, it allows for a number of other elements that come together and allow us to move from being a provider of tools to a product -- provider of solutions.  
And so for example, one of the things that you saw in our 2021 -- 2022 R1 release was with ANSYS Fluent, where we now have a dedicated aerospace workflow that tailors the UI, the user interface, to external aerodynamic simulations. So that delivers built-in atmospheric conditions, it optimizes the solver setting, relevant input and output parameters and so on. 
So that's an example of the power that we can bring to bear as a result of the investments that we've made. And of course, you can see some of those being reflected throughout the portfolio. Nicole?

So Jay, I think to better understand the cloud strategy, it might just take me a moment to maybe repeat what I summarized for what -- how an ANSYS takes advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers.  
So let's consider a typical enterprise application that's not simulation. So typical enterprise application like an ERP system, for example, it enables some workflows and data sharing between users. And the user interactions with that application typically involve something like a database lookup and a database update.  
The amount of compute power that's required is small and predictable. And that allows the application vendor, the SaaS vendor, to choose a cloud for their application based on their criteria. The application runs in the vendor's instance in that cloud, and vendor will typically charge a customer a fee to use the application based on the number of users or other metrics.  
Now with simulation, simulation is very different from the traditional enterprise application in that the amount of compute required to launch simulation can be enormous. So a single simulation can run for hours across hundreds of cores. A single users can launch multiple simulations in parallel, and that can translate into a lot of compute and related costs. And that's why high-performance computing, or HPC, at scale is so important to us and to our customers.  
Now historically, customers have run HPC workloads in their own data centers, so their own private clouds, if you will, and simulation has been one of the more demanding workloads. Now as the cost of -- and the availability of HPC has come down in the public cloud, some of our customers are working directly with the hyperscale cloud vendors to migrate or augment their private clouds with HPC in the public cloud.  
And so a customer might often do this in the context of a broad data center update strategy in which multiple workloads, including the HPC workload, are being migrated to the public cloud. And obviously, different customers will pick different hyperscale public cloud providers, depending on the terms and the needs and the commercial arrangements and so forth.  
So there are 2 conclusions, Jay, to draw from these facts. The first is that it's essential for us to support HPC on multiple hyperscale cloud providers. And the second is, because simulation workload could be run on premises in a private cloud 1 day and it could be run in public cloud the next, we have to support flexible licensing.  
And specifically, we must allow customers to be able to purchase incremental elastic licenses to support their public cloud simulation work as well as giving them the ability to bring and use the licenses that they may have used on premises to bring it to the cloud. So that's the essence of our strategy. And we've continued to support our customers in flexible licensing as they use ANSYS products in the public cloud of their choice.  
So you mentioned a couple of announcements. So first, let me talk about ANSYS Cloud. This is a product we've had in the market for a while, and I've spoken of it before. It's built on Azure. It supports flexible licensing. It allows our customers to take advantage of scale-out compute on the Azure cloud running on the ANSYS managed instance. ANSYS Cloud revenues, customer usage are both growing, and we've seen a 4x increase in compute usage year-over-year.  
The second product that you referred to, which we announced earlier this year, is in collaboration with Amazon Web Services. The Ansys Gateway powered by AWS, it provides seamless access and deployment of ANSYS products on AWS. It offers scalability and flexibility. It allows customers to maintain their existing AWS relationships by pairing their hardware access through AWS with their ANSYS software.  
In other words, the customers run on their own instance and not on the ANSYS instance. And so this obviously provides a path for monetization for AWS and, of course, for ANSYS as well. So that strategy, that's the context of those products, and obviously, hopefully, this explains what we're trying to accomplish.

So obviously, the intent is to make sure that our customers can take advantage of the portfolio -- of the ANSYS portfolio on the public cloud. And you should expect to see ANSYS products being broadly available on the cloud.

Well, let me quickly take that, Gal. so when you think about the automotive industry, obviously, it's one of our top 3 verticals: electronics and semiconductors, automotive and transportation, aerospace, the top 3 verticals. It's an area where we've historically had a lot of strength. As you rightly pointed out, the areas where there is a lot of customer interest right now is in both electrification and in autonomy. 
And a few years ago, I would have said that there was a significantly more interest perhaps in autonomy as a -- possibly as a more near-term activity. But what we're seeing right now is that some of the vendors or some of the OEMs have pulled back a little bit from their expectations, maybe the more aggressive time lines they had. But a lot of the work that's in autonomy is going towards ADAS, improving driver safety and so forth. So there continues to be lots of investment in that space even though full autonomy might be further away. 
As far as electrification is concerned, as you know, it's not just about the powertrain. Obviously, when you're thinking about the powertrain and the electric -- the transformation from the internal combustion engines and electric motor, that's where our high-fidelity multiphysics workflows come in that allows you to design better and more thermal-efficient motors and batteries and power electronic components. All of that is part of the electrified powertrain. 
But in addition, there is a change. It's not just about changing the internal combustion engine to an electric motor. This is an opportunity to rethink and redesign the car. And so that means there's more analysis for, for example, for safety and understanding what failure modes look like, more analysis on noise and vibration and understanding what the ambience within the -- or the ambient experience in the car cabin is going to look like on crash analysis and impact analysis. 
So there's a number of different areas, all of which where we have -- all of which we have strength in, which companies are pursuing in their pursuit of electrification. So we're very excited about the work that's taking place, and we see this as being an ongoing long-term tailwind for us in that particular vertical.

Yes. So when you think about our involvement with semiconductor companies, and as I mentioned this, obviously, the companies have been historically doing semis as well as some of the system companies that are doing semis, there's obviously been a lot more activity in that space. What we are able to bring to bear is the entirety of the portfolio. And I mentioned some of this during my script. 
Look, when you think about 3DICs, for example, that's really where you could scale up performance and functionality across multiple dies in a single package. And that requires an integrated multiphysics approach. And that includes simulating, for example, the structures, the optics, the photonics, electromagnetics. All of those are outside of the traditional RedHawk product line, right? So it's HFSS and others. 
So when you think about these complex designs and then, certainly, when you move beyond the chip itself and you think about chip package system for electronics, it really brings in -- it brings to bear the entirety of our portfolio. So -- and I gave you an example also in the script of a company that's using some of our safety analysis, providing automotive -- providing semiconductors for the automotive industry and how our safety analysis work, which might seem counterintuitive or unintuitive. The safety analysis work is relevant at the semiconductor level all the way up to the larger automotive level. 
So those are examples of how our portfolio is being used. But we feel like we have a lot to offer our customers because of the multiphysics investments that we've made over the years and the strength of the portfolio.

Yes. Look, I think for the shortage of semiconductors, obviously, there's a challenge in terms of being able to get semiconductors to where they need to be used, and we're seeing this across multiple industries. That hasn't fundamentally affected the design activity, and that's really where we come in. We work with our customers on the design as opposed to the manufacturing of their products. 
And obviously, part of what we're doing with respect to the certifications with the foundries is to make sure that we are in a position to support them with our technologies as they go into the foundry. But those are examples of us proactively working to make sure that the industry is able to move forward. But look, it's -- we're not tied to manufacturing, we're tied to design. And that's really primarily -- that's across all of our product lines. 
And so even if a semiconductor shortage causes a shortage, for example, or some delay in an assembly line in an automotive company, again, it doesn't affect the design work that we're involved with in the automotive company. So that's, I think, the strength of the ANSYS business, and that gives us confidence in the way we think about our business going forward.

Well, as I said in my script, if you look back into 2021 and certainly Q4 as well, in 2021, we saw strength across all major industries, across all major geographies, across all of our major go-to-market routes. And we saw growth in both direct as well as indirect. 
We saw growth -- if you look at the pyramid with enterprise customers at the tippy-top and the volume accounts at the bottom of the pyramid, we saw growth across the customer segments. And the regions contributed there. They all grew double digits from ACV perspective last year. And the product lines kind of grew as expected. 
So I feel very good about all of that. That just goes to show that the business is performing across multiple dimensions in a way that you would want to have happen. And so part of our plan going forward is to continue to be able to build on that momentum into 2022.

Well, Saket, if you go back to the years that I've been with ANSYS, so if you go back 5, 6 years ago, obviously, the use of public cloud for HPC was much lower than it is today. And today, the hyperscalers or the hyperscale public cloud providers have invested in building out HPC infrastructures, and they're all working with their customer bases. 
And as I think about our own customers, some of our customers are working with hyperscalers to figure out what their long-term data center strategy is going to look like. Do they continue to invest in their own data centers? Or do they take advantage of the public cloud? Some combination of the 2, where you have a hybrid structure, where some stuff is running on-prem, and you use the cloud as a burst capacity or for peak load periods or things of that nature. 
So those are conversations that are ongoing. I think everyone realizes that there's now investment in the public cloud to support high-performance computing and the high-performance computing nodes. And so that's obviously a possibility that's available to our customers. 
From our perspective, one of the [ watchwords perhaps ] has always been flexibility to support and meet our customers where they want. And so we are in a position to support our customers. If they want to take advantage of our ANSYS Cloud product, we can take -- we can support them, and we can make it very easy for them to take advantage of the public cloud. 
If they want to run completely on-premises, we can support that, and they can continue to do that. If they want to run on another public cloud, we can support that. So we -- if they want to run on Amazon, we are in a position to support that. In Azure, we're in a position to support that. 
So it's really -- it really is a flexible structure that we have in place. And I believe that this is exactly what customers are looking for, that choice and flexibility on something as important to them as where they're computing and the cost of the compute that they're driving.

Thank you, Kelsey. Once again, I am excited by the excellent progress that ANSYS has made in 2021. I would like to thank the ONE ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. Your work, along with our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships, give us greater confidence for our prospects in 2022 and beyond. Thank you all for joining today's call. Have a great day.