Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another strong quarter for ANSYS, meeting or beating our financial guidance on all key metrics. Our performance demonstrates that our core value proposition of helping organizations increase their top line while driving bottom line savings continues to resonate with the market. I'm excited that the demand for ANSYS' multiphysics solutions is strong and growing and is furthering our strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. Based on our year-to-date performance, and the strength of our pipeline for the fourth quarter, we are increasing both the high end and the midpoint of our 2020 guidance for ACV, revenue and EPS. Maria will have the details in a few minutes. 
Our prepared remarks document has details about the quarter, but let me provide some regional perspective. We anticipate that the Americas will be our strongest region for the full year. From a quarterly perspective, Asia Pacific was strong in Q3, with Japan leading the way, reflecting our ongoing progress towards multiphysics multiyear lease deals. We expect EMEA to show good growth in Q4 driven by the timing of larger deals. 
During Q3, our enterprise and strategic account program continue to show strength, with approximately 50% of our Q3 ACV coming from our top 100 customers. I'm excited that we closed a 5-year $72 million lease with a North American enterprise customer, our largest agreement in the quarter and the second largest in the history of the company. This deal results in ACV in revenue in Q3 and primarily in Q4 and comes after the almost $100 million sale that we announced last quarter. 
We saw continued headwinds this quarter with small and medium businesses across geographies, consistent with what we have previously communicated. From an industry point of view, the high-tech automotive and ground transportation and aerospace and defense sectors continue to be our strongest performance for the full year. 
On our past calls, I have given some additional color around particular aspects of our business. Today, I will discuss our successes in the aerospace and defense vertical. AMD is ANSYS' second largest sector at about 18% of our trailing 12 months ACV. Although the pandemic has impacted commercial air travel, we continue to see spending in the sector, thanks to important strategic initiatives. These include eco-friendly fuel-efficient engines, Space 2.0 initiatives such as rocket design and satellite deployments and national defense. 
I would like to highlight 2 important Q3 deals in which companies will use ANSYS simulation to develop eco-friendlier aircraft engines. These companies are relying on ANSYS to improve engine efficiency, reduce engine weight and avoid fuel inefficient overdesign. The first agreement was with Honeywell, which is using ANSYS simulation to automate its engineering workflows to maximize operational efficiency and drive process improvements. As a result, Honeywell will benefit from product-wide traceability and reusability while significantly cutting development cycle times. 
The second was with a major aircraft engine manufacturer that is investing $34 million over the next 5 years to standardize on ANSYS to achieve its vision of developing next-generation engines at lower cost. 
Space 2.0 companies are democratizing space by launching satellites and astronauts into orbit, and they are embracing the use of simulation to develop better products and to make smarter decisions faster. Firefly Aerospace, one of the more than 1,000 companies that have benefited from the ANSYS startup program, recently announced that it has realized about $15 million in savings from using our simulation for critical tasks leading to a design that can withstand the extreme conditions of lift off, flight and space travel. 
We are seeing ongoing investments in multiphysics simulation by government agencies and defense contractors, which are trying to solve next-generation problems in the interest of national security. These organizations are turning to ANSYS because of our simulation leadership and advanced multiphysics capabilities. 
In Q3, we saw investment from a large North American defense contractor for the design of an advanced aircraft optical sensor. To help calibrate sensor algorithms to reduce noise and blurriness due to high-speed air flow, our team developed and deployed a fully coupled aero-optical solution. This competitive win was possible not only because of ANSYS' multiphysics leadership, but also because of the unparalleled accuracy of our products. ANSYS simulations eliminated 8 weeks of testing for the company, lowering test costs by 60% and increasing engineering productivity by up to 15% using the new workflow. 
We signed another multimillion dollar Q3 deal, this time with a government agency to use ANSYS to design chips that are more secure. This organization is relying on an important multiphysics breakthrough by ANSYS R&D, in which simulation can be used to help chip designers prevent hard-to-detect side channel attacks. Specifically, the new ANSYS offering, which is deployed and runs on the customers procure private cloud, enables chip and system designers to simulate and measure their vulnerability to security attacks while the chip is being designed. As an aside, this organization was amongst the first customers to serve the needs of its users and prime contractors using an ANSYS private cloud, that is ANSYS products deployed and running on a shared secured infrastructure. 
Let me move from customers to acquisitions. Last week, we announced our intent to acquire AGI, a pioneer and leader in the analysis and simulation of missions, such as satellite launches, national defense and certain rescue operations. ANSYS has not traditionally participated in this area, which is growing due to the increasing number of missions. Historically, customer needs were partially addressed by commercial software with multiple applications or by in-house codes. 
AGI has a purpose-built solution for mission analysis and simulation and has become a leading firm in this area. By combining forces with AGI, we will be able to address a broader opportunity called digital mission engineering, which combines mission simulation and analysis from AGI and component and system-level simulation from ANSYS. Our combined portfolio will enable customers to simulate up and down the stack, starting at the chip level and going all the way up to the customer's entire mission, thereby increasing the likelihood of success and saving customers' time, money and other crucial resources. 
You may remember that we formed a partnership with AGI last year, and one of the results of that alliance was a connection between its products and ANSYS HFSS, our flagship electromagnetic solver. Several large customers are using both companies' products together. One large prime contractor, for example, uses AGI software to track the radar visibility and signal availability between various mission assets and then employs ANSYS HFSS to analyze the quality of that visibility and connectivity. 
Here is another example to make it more concrete. The use of simulation to plan the successful deployment of a new telecommunication satellite. First, AGI's mission and orbital simulation capabilities can help ensure that the launch and the orbit of the new satellite avoids the collision with other objects in space. Furthermore, the combination of AGI's capabilities and ANSYS HFSS can simulate the relative position and communications capabilities of the satellite to other orbiting telecommunication satellites and to terrestial base stations to help ensure that the satellite will perform as expected when deployed. 
We will be in a position to share more with you about our plans with AGI after the transaction closes. Before I turn the call over to Maria, I'd like to discuss 2 important topics: the ANSYS Cloud offering and our commitment to ESG. 
ANSYS Cloud, which enables our customers to access high-performance computing in the public cloud, it's critically important with so many customers continuing to work remotely during the pandemic. ANSYS Cloud is built on our close collaboration with Microsoft and its Azure platform. Today, ANSYS cloud customers can use the majority of our mechanical, fluids, and electromagnetics products on the latest and highest performance compute and networking infrastructure available in the market. 
Furthermore, ANSYS cloud supports flexible consumption models, lowering the barrier to entry for customers. These include an elastic pay-as-you-go model that gives users fast access to ANSYS products and high-performance computing infrastructure in Azure for greatest convenience, a bring-your-own license model that allows customers to use their existing ANSYS lease licenses, thus preserving their existing investments and a hybrid model that enables customers to mix and match elastic and lease licenses for greatest flexibility. 
The demand for ANSYS Cloud continues to increase with usage doubling in the last 6 months. For example, joint ANSYS Microsoft customer, Rockwell Automation, is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate its product development processes. The company has reduced simulation run times by 50%, enabling users to solve larger problems more accurately. Whilst we are excited about our public cloud offering and encouraged by our rapid progress, it is important to note that the majority of our customers view ANSYS products on-premises in their own data centers or in private cloud such as the government agency I mentioned earlier. As such, we expect our ANSYS cloud offering will remain a relatively small piece of our business for the foreseeable future. 
Finally, we are continuing to advance our environmental, social and governance programs. In Q3, we submitted our 2020 climate change report to CDP, which helps us identify our internal environmental risks and opportunities. This information is available on our Investor Relations website. We are also analyzing the benefits in environmental sustainability that our solutions enable for our customers and plan to make that information publicly available when ready. 
To summarize, Q3 was another strong quarter, thanks to great execution from our global team of dedicated employees and channel partners. Our compelling value proposition of helping customers to decrease costs while spurring top line growth continues to gain traction in the market. Those factors, combined with our close customer relationships, the power of ANSYS products and the strength of our pipeline gives us continued confidence as we work to deliver against our objectives for the remainder of 2020. 
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q3 as well as the details around our outlook and the assumptions for the remainder of the year. Maria?

And from an operational execution perspective, just to add on to what Maria said, if you look at Q2, for example, we closed the largest deal in the history of the company while everyone was working from home, at a time, when I think people had a much more bearish view of the situation with the coronavirus, as perhaps we're seeing in the market right now. And if you look at Q3, we just -- as you heard in the comments, we announced a closing of a very large deal, the second largest in the history of the company. And once again, with people working from home. So that gives you some perspective for our ability to execute in this environment. And that'll give you some perspective about the nature of the relationships that we have with our customers. 
And as Maria was saying, when we have these large deals, it is not just an opportunity for us to renew the existing business, it's an opportunity for us to sell more new ACV and new capabilities, and we're able to do that, and we've demonstrated that through the year, and we are -- and that's the reason for our confidence in the fourth quarter.

Well, look, I mean, I think the -- what we've given you in terms of guidance is essentially based on the view that we have into our pipeline and the forecast that we've gotten from our teams. So that's very concrete. It's not speculative based on potential directions that investment may or may not go. So I mean what we're giving is a very, very specific concrete way of thinking about our business. Obviously, if there continues to be more investment in areas where people are using more technology, more equipment, that obviously translates into a tailwind for ANSYS, that's obviously the case. But we haven't factored in any hypothetical incremental investment in infrastructure for our Q4 analysis.

Yes, I don't think there's a one-size-fits-all that you can really apply to these deals, especially when you're dealing with larger customers, using multiple product lines. A lot of the opportunity within the account depends on the nature of the programs that customers have. In some cases, they have activities or programs where they're using simulation, and you can really see the growth of the use of simulation, and that's kind of factored into the way the deal is structured. And in some cases -- in a multiyear deal. And in some cases, you'll see the desire not just to increase the number of users, but maybe to bring on a new technology and start to work and add a new technology capability to that. So it really -- there's no one-size-fits-all. But what we try to do when we sit down with our customers and work through the details of a multiyear deal is to really understand the demand dynamics within the customer. We usually have a pretty good sense of where the usage is. What they'd like to try to accomplish, map that against our capabilities, and then that's how we find the basis of a conversation in the agreement.

I think, as I said, there's nothing that we can give you that's standard for every single deal. It will vary on a deal-by-deal basis. And so the objective -- our objective is to make sure that we can satisfy our customers' needs by getting them as much technology as they can take advantage of. And in many cases, you'll see customer usage varying on programs, and in some cases, wrapping up. And so that's really reflected in this. I cannot tell you on a one-size-fits-all because it's very bespoke on a case-by-case basis.

Okay. So let me start, Jay, with the -- the first part of your -- the first part of your first -- the first part of your question, let me start with that one. Look, you're absolutely right to observe that. We have been able to bring integrated multiphysics capabilities to market to address the needs of our customers. We've talked about 5G, we've talked about electrification. These are all capabilities that require multiple physics working together, a true multiphysics capability with a workflow and integrated data flow and automation that goes with that. Rotating machinery, for example, there are many examples that we can point to. 
The infrastructure that we've built within our portfolio not only the world-class solvers and physics capabilities that we have with the infrastructure that we've built with Minerva, with our platform capabilities around EMEA and so forth, have all given us the ability to much more effectively and rapidly integrate these solutions or these technologies together to address the needs of customers. And so you're starting to see some of these domain-specific solutions being made available because it's so much easier to be able to integrate our technologies together to create this multiphysics capability. So absolutely, you should see more of that. The side effect of that is it becomes easier to integrate active acquired technologies into our portfolio as well. 
The second part of your question was, you made the observation that mission simulation and connecting that with component level and system-level simulation, you made the observation that there may be other use cases other than space and satellite. And the answer, of course, is if there's certainly other use cases that one could imagine, telecommunications, for example, 5G infrastructure, you mentioned autonomous vehicles, these are all potential future opportunities that we would have to export to evaluate whether those would be opportunities for us to engage with.

Firstly, we have customers who are using ANSYS technology on multiple hyperscaler infrastructures. And that's the reality of the situation today. The ANSYS cloud offering per se, the one that we take to market is running on top of Azure. And there really isn't any fundamental restriction on the capabilities that we could make available on ANSYS Cloud. We have our flagships on ANSYS Cloud, and we will continue to add capabilities to that -- to the cloud offering as it makes sense. So it's -- you should look to us to continue to make investments in ANSYS Cloud. You should look to more capabilities in there. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that, as I've explained in my comments, we have to be cognizant of the fact that our customers, for the most part, are still running on-premises in their own data centers or in private clouds. And our objective is to make sure that our technology is there. It's available and ready to go. And as and when the customers are ready, we're able to support them with ANSYS Cloud.

Thank you, operator. As I think about the remainder of the year, I'm excited by our continued execution by diverse customer base and our strong pipeline. Our customers continue to rely upon simulation and our ability to close large deals remotely only adds to that excitement and confidence. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues around the world, your work continues to inspire. You have my gratitude for delivering another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Please enjoy the rest of the day.