Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we significantly beat our financial guidance across all our key metrics. I'm particularly pleased with our ACV performance for the quarter, which grew at nearly 23% in constant currency. 
Our growing momentum from Q4 of 2020 and the first half of this year gives us increased confidence in our business and in our ability to execute against our goals. It is also further validation of our strategy of pervasive simulation, where simulation is used throughout the product development process by engineers in every discipline. That strategy, combined with our best-in-class multiphysics products, our comprehensive go-to-market approach and our deep and lasting customer relationships, has paved the way for our consistent success. 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve with the uncertainties of the Delta variant making headlines around the world. Despite these uncertainties, our customers are continuing to invest in innovation, R&D and product design to drive their future successes. As such, we are continuing to see demand for ANSYS simulation increase in the marketplace, and our pipeline for the remainder of 2021 is strong. As a result of that continued strength and our track record of execution, we are once, again, increasing our annual guidance for ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. Nicole will provide more details in just a few minutes. 
Looking at Q2. All our major geographies performed well, with the Americas leading the way. I'm very proud of our team in India, which came in above our internal plan, despite challenging COVID-19-related conditions in the country. From an industry perspective, high-tech and semiconductors, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation were our top verticals. We also saw ongoing strength with our enterprise customers. Following the trend of the past 2 quarters, we saw improved spending with small- and medium-sized customers. While these smaller customers have not yet returned to their pre-pandemic spending levels, the progress we've seen over the past several months gives me added confidence in the future. 
One of the largest deals of the quarter was with a North American leader in semiconductors. This $39 million multiyear agreement ensures that the company will have the necessary capacity to run 5-nanometer and eventually, 3-nanometer designs on Ansys Redhawk-SC, our gold standard, powered noise and reliability sign-off solution for digital design. 
The company has also standardized on ANSYS multiphysics technology across chip, package and system to reduce power consumption, thereby increasing its competitiveness in the marketplace. We also closed a $30 million agreement with a long-time automotive customer. This leader in electric vehicle technology has expanded its use of mechanical, fluids and electromagnetic solutions and has adopted additional ANSYS technologies, including automated design analyses, multibody dynamics and process integration and design optimization. This customer is working with the ANSYS ACE teams to jointly develop workflows for noise and vibration analysis and topology optimization. 
The company is also using ANSYS Discovery to decrease its simulation backlog and get products to market faster, all the while holding the line on development costs. 
Just a few weeks ago, we unveiled ANSYS 2021 Release 2, which features advances across our multiphysics product line, from structured fluids and electromagnetics, to materials, photonics and embedded software. R2 includes a number of advancements in core physics, simplified workflows and integrated data management. 
Our solutions are based on our case of experience and cannot be easily duplicated, creating high barriers to entry for potential competitors. While I could spend the entire hour detailing each product's capabilities, today, I will focus on just one key differentiator, which cuts across our entire portfolio, namely scalability. 
As customer problems become increasingly more challenging, the size of those challenges require simulation software that could scale to unprecedented levels. Throughout our history, ANSYS has been a leader in product scalability and we have extended that leadership in recent releases. Our ability to create high resolution, fluid mechanic simulations with practical turnaround times enables customers to solve next-generation challenges, ranging from rotating machinery, to external aerodynamics, to environmental simulations. 
4 years ago, Ansys FLUENT scaled to nearly 200,000 CPU cores, enabling customers to solve challenging problems faster than ever by calculating billions of cells. To the best of our knowledge, that remains a record for commercial computational fluid dynamics code. This massive scalability has enabled our customer at the Technical University in Eindhoven to solve a complex aerodynamic problem with 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. The most recent advances in Ansys 2021 R2 have sped up parallel mesh generation by 20x, removing what is often the bottleneck for detailed simulations of transient phenomena, which occur in aerodynamics and gas turbine simulations. 
That 225x speed up over the last decade has enabled Ansys customers to reduce simulation time on a full thermal mechanical model from 2 weeks to 1.5 hours. And now with Ansys 2021 R2, those calculations could take just minutes, leading to improved product reliability as users run more simulations faster. That breakthrough was made possible by doubling the core counts, while reducing the memory required by 40%.  
In our latest LS-DYNA release, we have significantly improved performance, which enables customers to run transient behavior studies with 28 trillion calculated variables, and that's trillion with a T. That means safer cars and more reliable electronics. 
A global high-tech customer use Ansys HFSS and our new Ansys Mesh fusion to solve a previously unsolved integrated circuit and packaging problem by scaling across the multi-node HPC cluster with 18 terabytes of RAM and 576 cores. In Ansys 2021 R2, we introduced the Phi Plus measure, which extends mesh fusion to deliver additional speed and capacity. Phi Plus has sped up meshing on PCB plus bondwire package models by 18x, which will bring new innovations to the 5G, autonomy and industrial Internet of Things market. 
Ansys semiconductor customers are using next-generation distributed and grid computing techniques to model and solve chips with 2.6 trillion or more devices. Ansys RedHawk-SC set a capacity and performance record in Power Integrity sign-off last year by extracting 66 billion electrical nodes on the design of a GPU and solving it over 2,400 CPUs in a fully distributed manner. In Ansys 2021 R2, our solver performance doubled, enabling customers to sign off even larger chip designs using the same compute resources and run time. 
Scalability is one of Ansys' many differentiators and is becoming increasingly important to our customers as they develop next-generation products. We believe that our history of product scalability, along with accuracy, ease of use and speed to solution create a difficult environment for any would-be competitor, while giving our users the functionality they need to solve the most challenging product problems. 
We are continuing to train the next generation of engineers in the use of Ansys solutions by expanding our free offering for students. To date, nearly 2 million students around the world have downloaded our products. And just a few weeks ago, we launched an additional offering for students to download our electronics desktop and to enroll in Ansys innovation courses for training. These students now have access to our leading electronics products, including HFSS, Maxwell and Icepak to train them in developing the products of tomorrow. And thanks to our new partnership, Cornell University will design and develop online training courses with real-world applications from Ansys. 
Moving to partnerships. I'm excited to announce that we have expanded our work with TSMC to include new certifications for Ansys RedHawk and Ansys Totem. These new certifications for power network extraction, power integrity and reliability, signal electromigration and transistor level custom designs enable joint customers to meet critical power, thermal and reality standards for next-generation product applications. 
Ansys continues to be recognized for our inventive approach to engineering technology. I'm proud that for the third year in a row, Fast Company has named us one of the best places to work for innovators. I'm even more excited that 5 of my colleagues have been recognized with the prestigious Women of Color STEM Awards. These awards showcase the outstanding scientific and engineering achievements of women around the world, and Ansys is proud of these pioneers who serve as an inspiration for us all. 
Turning to our Environmental, Social & Governance initiatives. I'm pleased that MSCI has upgraded our ESG rating to AA, naming us a leader in the software and services industry. MSCI cited Ansys' comprehensive talent pipeline relative to our peers, our focus on business ethics and our capabilities in helping customers to innovate in areas such as clean technologies. 
To summarize, Q2 was another great quarter for Ansys and a further validation that our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with the market. Our strong sales pipeline, our ongoing momentum with enterprise customers, the resurgence of small and medium businesses and our continued leadership across our product portfolio give me further confidence in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021.  
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole.

Sure, Adam. So as you know, Ansys Cloud provides managed access to HPC resources and that allows our customers to essentially learn larger and higher fidelity simulations. And as you know, the Cloud also supports a very flexible licensing model, and that includes an elastic pay-as-you-go model as well as a hybrid model that allows customers to mix and match elastic as well as these licenses.
Now we have a number of internal metrics that we deploy to measure business. And we are seeing probably a 5x, 5x greater usage as compared with this time last year. So very nice growth as a result of the activities that we've done as well as, of course, external conditions with people working from home.
This year, if you think about what we've done to augment the cloud, we've added cloud support for Ansys LSTC for Ansys DYNA for our Lumerical products. We've completed SOC2 certification. And we also continue to focus on the overall customer experience. And that's really translated very positively for customers. And we -- a couple of months ago -- a few months ago, we published a release about a customer, Van Oord, who talked about how they could speed up their simulations by 7x, which obviously is a significant perspective because they're able to take advantage of the most recent and most capable hardware in the cloud as well as the cloud capabilities that we have.
So we're very excited about our cloud direction. We have made all of the necessary investments. And of course, it's still early days because we're talking about a relatively small portion of our business.

Jay, thanks for the question. Let me start with your comments or question about some of the smaller products. As you know, some of those products organically developed, others came in through acquisition. And we embark on activities such as an M&A or organic development, specifically when we see opportunities in the market where customers are either leading us or where we see an opportunity to provide greater functionality to solve the customer problem.
And so all of the acquisitions were in all of the internal development that we do is driven by an analysis of what that market would look like. And I'm delighted that we're generally seeing what we expected to pan out is, in fact, panning out. You talked about Lumerical photonics. That's obviously a very important part. As you think about data centers, for example, and we're seeing obvious traction there because this product is -- fits into our overall portfolio. 
So when we go to customers, we can go to them with a broader set of capabilities that includes critical capabilities such as Lumerical that you mentioned, that we can -- where we can go in and talk about an end-to-end solution that addresses the needs that the customer may have. And you see that repeated across our portfolio, where smaller products are playing important roles in being able to stitch together an end-to-end workflow to allow customers to solve some of the most complex problems that they're dealing with. So I think that's -- hopefully, that addresses your first question. 
With respect to your second question, I'm excited, obviously, with our performance in high-tech and semiconductor. The -- I no longer think of the Apache acquisition. That's part of our semiconductor organization, and has been for a number of years. And obviously, we have a number of deep integrations across our portfolio between our semiconductor business and our electromagnetics activities. And you start to think about next-generation products like 3D-IC and challenges, and that's when the entire ANSYS portfolio comes in going from our semiconductor portfolio, all the way through our more Neutonian physics, if you will.
And so I'm very excited about the portfolio, the capabilities. I think we have market-leading products across the board there, and customers tell us that they're able to solve tremendous challenges with our offerings, and we're excited about the future.

Yes, you should think of our indirect channel in -- you should think of our indirect channel consistent with some of the growth that we're seeing in SMB because our indirect channel partners are, oftentimes, supporting customers who are lower down in the pyramid, while some of the larger global organizations are handled by a direct sales force. So that's really the dynamic that you're seeing, and that growth is reflective of that dynamic.

Yes. It's -- I think it's really difficult to point to a specific allocation of one bucket to another because these things are all related to each other. Look, at the end of the day, if you just reflect on the Ansys portfolio, what we've built is a market-leading set of capabilities of individual physics, which are connected together. And so this multiphysics capability is what's necessary for customers as they solve some of the most challenging problems that they're dealing with.
And so when you think about electrification, for example, or 5G or IoT, all of these areas are complex. Customers are investing a significant amount of money. They're looking for simulation offerings to be able to support them in their R&D efforts. And we have the technology, we have the capabilities, we have the relationships, and we can support them on their journey. So that's a very important aspect. You've got to have the right goods when people need them. 
The second thing is that, obviously, around the world, we are seeing customers recognizing that there is going to be an end to the pandemic and that they have to continue to make investments in R&D. And you're certainly the small and medium business customers are perhaps most emblematic of that because they are -- but earlier in the pandemic, you saw a shutdown for SMB customers, right? They -- they're most concerned about cash. They're most concerned about the potential demand future because these are smaller companies and they have less -- they have lesser cash resources than some of the larger companies.
But what we're seeing now is obviously an opening up of spending there, which is reflective of the fact that customers around the world, not just SMB customers. Customers around the world are looking at the world after things completely open up again or certainly after a pandemic world, post-pandemic world, where things start to get back to normal with respect to the broader economy, which means -- and they recognized that in order for them to be successful, they have to have products that people want. And that means more investment in R&D and more investment in product design, as I mentioned in my comments.
So the demand is also increasing. And I think that those 2 things work together. You have to have the right products. You have to have the growing demand. If you didn't have either one of them, you wouldn't necessarily be able to deliver the results. And I think that we are -- that's what -- that's exactly what we're seeing, and we're very excited about what we can provide to our customers and where the market is going.

You mean Discovery, right? Is that...

Yes. So look, we're very excited about Discovery. And I think we have to make it a little bit more tangible, perhaps I can go back to the example I gave in the script, which was one of our customers who's using Discovery in a very interesting way.
So for this particular customer, some of the detailed flow and thermal management simulation is done by experts using Ansys flagship products. But the typical turnaround time is maybe 60 days because of the complexity of the simulation and they have a relatively small analyst team, serving a larger design team. So they introduced Discovery as a way for the design engineers to do some of the simpler simulation on their own. So things like flow distribution or pressure drops. 
So they're able to do that by themselves and they can improve the design of their components before they hand off the design for a complete system simulation to the expert analyst. So that's an example where the whole thesis that we had was this is something that design engineers could use to really amplify the capability of the analyst. That's something that's borne out here.
And for this customer, they're also using -- they also had some outsourced CAE spend, and they're using Discovery now to help train their designers on some basic structural analysis so they can limit some of this outsource work and simple geometry changes. And what that does for them is it changes the design iteration time and it takes it down from a couple of weeks to a couple of days.
So that gives you some perspective. We're very excited about the technology. We continue to make advances in the technology. And obviously, I mentioned a couple of customer examples. You talked briefly about PTC and the use of Creo Simulation Live. And on PTC's earnings call last week, I believe they reported continued traction with increased expansions, driven by a migration around Creo 7. As you know, they are OEM-ing our Discovery products into Creo, Creo Simulation Live, Creo Ansys Simulation. 
And that -- Creo 7 is their latest enterprise release. And so obviously, there's increased traction that comes from that. And they also talked about a customer win where the real-time simulation capabilities were helping to simplify the customers' design process.
So we're very excited about the technology. It continues to perform as we had expected. Obviously, it's a relatively small piece of our business, but the market dynamics around what we're seeing is strong.

So I think the sustainability aspect is clearly important across a number of different dimensions for different customers. When you look at -- let's say, for example, a big trend in the automotive industry, which is around electrification, right? Obviously, that is -- there's a discussion about the future of the internal combustion engine and the rating pace at which electric cars and vehicles will be adopted broadly. And you're seeing car companies, for example, making the decision to just simply move from one to the other. And that's obviously driven in part by issues of emissions and being more eco-friendly.
We talked last year about -- in the aerospace industry, we talked about some customer wins, where the motivation for the customer was really to make their engines more fuel efficient. So it was about lightweighting. It was about reduced fuel consumption, increased efficiency of fuel. And so even in aircraft engines, for example, you're seeing that as being a primary driver for new design of engines.
And so it's absolutely a part of a broader trend. I mentioned Van Oord earlier. They're, of course, building a sustainable offshore wind turbines and they're a simulation user. But again, their focus is on renewable energy sources. So compliance purposes as well as eco-friendly, all of these things are drivers of product design and product requirements. And obviously, to ensure that customers can meet those standards, simulation plays a really important role.

Firstly, with respect to automotive. What's exciting for us is that we have the technology and the capabilities from a product perspective and a relationship perspective to support our customers as they go through that transition. So we can help them with battery management technologies. We can help them with electric drivetrains, electric motor design, all of the elements that you would expect that would sort of go into the replacement of the internal combustion engine with an electric battery-powered environment.
But above and beyond that, if you think about the challenges that some of our customers are facing as they make this transition. An electric car is not just simply an internal combustion car with one means of propulsion replacing another, it's an opportunity for our customers to redesign. In fact, they have to redesign it because the assumptions that are previously made of an engine in the front of the car, where -- which concentrates the weight in the front of the car, those assumptions are no longer relevant because perhaps now you have a battery that's uniformly distributed across the floor of the car. And so that changes the weight distribution and changes the assumptions of the way that the car was originally designed.
And so there is a significant rethinking taking place in these car companies, especially the auto companies, who've historically relied on the reuse of technology from one generation to another. There is a rethinking of saying, what does it mean for us to support this to build an electric car? And so that -- all of that leads to and drives increased use of simulation and certainly for Ansys Simulation. 
If you think about crash design, right? So the problems that you may have been dealing with earlier for crash might have been, how do you think about the passenger? Will the passenger be protected? And that's a complex multiphysics problem because you're dealing with the structural integrity, you're dealing with the deployment of the airbag, which is a fluids problem. So there's a multiphysics problems in nature that need to be addressed through simulation.
Now the question is, it goes above and beyond that, and it says, well, what is the likelihood of a fire -- some kind of a catastrophic fire that might take place as a result of a battery rupture? Can you solve that problem? So it starts to become more and more challenging. And so this transition is not just a matter of supporting the design of the engine per se, it is the actual car in the aggregate, and that sort of plays well to our strength and our capabilities.
Now with respect to your second question about health care. While health care is still an overall, a very -- relatively small part of the Ansys business, simulation continues to grow, and we do well in, for example, the design and the manufacturing of medical devices, and that was obviously reflected in the performance in the quarter. But as we look to the future, we are excited about the increased use of simulation as a validation in the market. So the use of in silico trials as opposed to just in vitro, in vivo, and the use of simulation techniques supporting that, those in silico trials, I think, is really helpful. 
And we're working with early adopters who are using simulation to target specific surgical outcomes. And this is obviously early, early stage. There's not really much revenue associated with a very, very early stage, but this is about how do you support a physician as they're making decisions about surgery. Those are -- at the end of the day, some of those can be simplified into problems of computational fluid dynamics. And of course, we have fantastic technology in that space. And so being able to put all of that together and packaging that, I think that's certainly something for the future.

So thank you all for your questions. And I want to thank all our colleagues at Ansys for -- and our global partner network for your amazing work, your dedication to the company and for continuing to drive the success for ANSYS and our thousands of customers around the world. With our excellent start to the year, a strong pipeline and the unprecedented levels of innovation that we're driving across our multiphysics products, I am confident that we will meet our newly raised goals for 2021.
And with that, thank you all for attending today's call, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.