Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm happy to report that Q1 was another great quarter for ANSYS. We again beat across all our key metrics and grew ACV by nearly 11% in constant currency. We believe that this continued momentum, combined with our strong customer relationships and leading multiphysics product suite, will set the tone for Q2 and the rest of the year. 
These strong results came in the midst of continued disruptions caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has spurred additional lockdowns in certain regions as well as geopolitical dynamics. As we have previously announced, we have suspended all new and ongoing business with Russia and Belarus and removed them from our 2022 forecast. ANSYS has contributed to the Ukrainian relief efforts, and our hearts go out to all those affected by these tragic events. 
We are not only absorbing the headwinds from sanctions, but based on the strength of the forecast and the ongoing demand for our multiphysics solutions, we are increasing our operational outlook on ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for the full year. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes, including a discussion of the impact of global currency exchange rates on our outlook. 
Focusing now on Q1. From a revenue perspective, we saw good growth, as expected, across all our geographies, led by the Americas and Asia Pacific. The demand for ANSYS simulation has been relatively consistent across industries for the last several years. Given recent events and market conditions, we are now seeing an increased activity in energy and sustainability initiatives, which I will discuss in a few minutes; and in aerospace and defense accounts. 
Our largest contract for the quarter was a 3-year $44 million agreement with a North American defense contractor. This long-time customer is using our broad solution set to power its digital transformation through integrated digital engineering, multidisciplinary design optimization and digital mission engineering. The customer is realizing a strong return on its investment in ANSYS by helping it to win new government contracts while driving costs out of its organization.
On these calls, I typically highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several calls, I have discussed the unparalleled scalability of our best-in-class fluid products. I highlighted the critical role that ANSYS solutions are playing in the development of next-generation semiconductors, and I reviewed our leading suite of optical simulation products. 
For this call, I would like to discuss the critical role that ANSYS plays in sustainability. Sustainability is a crucial and complex topic that crosses industries and one that plays to ANSYS' strengths in multiphysics simulation. ANSYS simulation has traditionally enabled companies to save resources and energy before physical products are ever built, thanks to virtual prototyping. Today, though, through the use of our broad multiphysics portfolio, we can enable a number of our customers' sustainability initiatives, too many, in fact, to mention on this call. 
Let me give you just 3 representative examples so you have a sense as to the role that simulation is playing in sustainability: first, in increasing fuel efficiency; next, in driving electrification; and finally, in decreasing the rates of emissions. 
Let me start with fuel and energy efficiency, where a variety of ANSYS multiphysics products are being used to solve challenges ranging from engine effectiveness to electric battery design. The outcomes from these initiatives are reducing dependence on pollution-producing fossil fuels. We announced earlier this week that we are working with Safran Aircraft Engines to support its aviation sustainability efforts while advancing productivity and cost efficiency. Using ANSYS' structural and thermal solutions for an advanced open fan architecture, new materials and hybrid electrification capabilities, the company expects to reduce fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emissions by more than 20% when compared to today's most efficient engines. 
Similarly, in Q4, we announced a new 5-year enterprise license agreement with LG Electronics to support the company's sustainability initiatives. ANSYS' multiphysics solutions are enabling more resource-efficient production that makes product development more sustainable by significantly reducing material use, costs and multiple redesigns. 
For example, ANSYS' virtual model offers 1 to 3 decoupling to support the development of the compressors used in LG's home appliances. As a result, LG Electronics can introduce its next-generation products faster than ever, while accelerating its digital transformation and decreasing its carbon footprint. 
Turning to electrification. Customers are employing ANSYS solutions to improve the efficiency of electric motors, which today consume over 45% of the world's electricity. For example, in Q1, we signed a multiyear contract with Turntide Technologies, which develops solutions that accelerate electrification and sustainable operations for energy-intensive industries. Turntide is a long-time ANSYS user, and this new contract broadens the company's use of multiphysics simulation to optimize product and engineering efficiency while reducing the need for physical prototyping as well as cutting development time and costs. 
On past calls, I've discussed the use of ANSYS solutions in the development of electric cars. In Q1, the TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team won the top 2 spots at the Mexico City E-Prix with the help of a customized powertrain developed with ANSYS technologies. Working with ANSYS, Porsche Motorsport engineers accelerated the virtual testing of design concepts to provide the best powertrain solution without using physical prototypes. The powertrain innovations used on the racetrack will spur development of energy efficient, affordable and sustainable commercial vehicles at Porsche.
To complement the ANSYS electric machine design offering, we recently acquired Motor Design Ltd. By combining Motor Design's Motor-CAD product with the rest of the ANSYS portfolio, we will offer customers the most comprehensive multiphysics workflow for electric machine design. This end-to-end solution will enable customers to not only design more efficient electric machines, but also apply them to more applications, which will reduce the environmental impact as well as the cost. Motor Design is an established ANSYS OEM partner and is already integrated seamlessly into our go-to-market motion. 
Moving to emissions. ANSYS simulation is helping customers reduce their carbon footprint through the development of renewable energy sources, including wind and solar power. We recently announced that we are working with leading renewable energy company, Vestas, to deliver safer and more sustainable power management solutions for its wind turbine control systems. These controllers are responsible for optimizing power performance and preventing component damage across a range of wind conditions. Using our model-based software development environment, Vestas merged data from multiple sensors and created control algorithms to drive better turbine designs at lower costs. 
We also announced that we're working with ANSYS start-up program member, Synhelion, to convert carbon dioxide and water into synthetic fuels, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. Synhelion uses mirrors to concentrate sunlight onto a solar receiver that drives the thermochemical reactor that produces these sustainable fuels. Using ANSYS, this innovative company can simulate the thermal fluid dynamics needed to design and validate the equipment despite the intense conditions caused by the searing temperatures. 
As I mentioned earlier, these are just a few of the examples of how ANSYS simulation is fueling the sustainability initiatives of some of the most innovative organizations on the planet. You will hear even more real-world sustainability use cases during our upcoming Simulation World event on May 18. During Simulation World, you'll also learn about the launch of Earth Rescue, our online series that will showcase other ANSYS customers' use of simulation in combating the climate crisis. I encourage you to attend and to learn more about these remarkable use cases of ANSYS simulation. 
Moving to ANSYS' own sustainability initiatives. In Q1, we released our corporate responsibility report. In this annual update, we focused on our core pillars of advancing sustainability through our leading multiphysics products by investing in our employees, by operating responsibly and through our collaboration with various stakeholders. 
As an example of our growing ecosystem stakeholders, the University of Colorado Boulder will give engineers hands-on experience by incorporating ANSYS multiphysics solutions into its new master's program in high-speed digital engineering. These students will join their peers in more than 3,300 universities in 90 countries who are developing industry-ready simulation skills, thanks to ANSYS products. 
To summarize, Q1 was another great quarter for ANSYS and one that will set the tone for the rest of 2022. Our continued momentum, our strong customer relationships and our best-in-class multiphysics product suite will help us drive even further success in 2022 and beyond. 
Before I turn the call over to Nicole, I'm excited to announce that long time ANSYS executive, Walt Hearn, is now leading our global sales and customer excellence teams, replacing industry veteran, Rick Mahoney. Walt has an unparalleled track record of success at ANSYS, and most recently, has led our largest and fastest-growing region, the Americas. He has personally overseen some of the largest contracts from our enterprise accounts and has led the modernization of our go-to-market motion. With his energy, industry knowledge, deep customer relationships and mastery of our complete product portfolio, Walt is the right executive to assume leadership of this next phase of our go-to-market journey. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?

Jay, this is Ajei. Thanks for the question. So as you rightly point out, simulation is something that we have always said is really critical for our customers. And obviously, we're seeing the greater use of simulation in the market, as you've alluded to. And the reason, as you know, is it comes directly from product design and the complexity that products our customers are facing in their own products. 
And as you know, from your experience, simulation, when you're building a product, the more you can simulate, the more simulations you run, the better it is in terms of the product performance, the cost, the effectiveness of that product. Customers are recognizing that, and they're running more and more simulations. That's a tailwind for us. 
You also recognize as products become more complex, it's not just about individual physics excellence, and we certainly invest in individual physics excellence. It's also about the integration of the technologies together to be able to create a multiphysics solution and a multiphysics capability. And that's also been an area for investment for us. 
If you look at, for example, some of the recent investments we've made on the platform, we've talked a lot about [ appliances ], the APIs that we've made available where people can write Python applications and directly invoke our simulation capabilities and, at the same time, have access to the wide variety of the pipeline ecosystem. So those are some examples of where we're trying to make it much easier for our customers to take advantage of simulation not just to the traditional tool as they may have used in the past but as part of a broader end-to-end platform on which they can anchor their product design capabilities and, of course, much more. 
And it's a virtuous cycle. The more they use simulation, the more they need it in the future because, with simulation, they can explore these new edge cases, boundary conditions where they couldn't have essentially done the analysis before. Now they're in a position to because of this platform-centric approach that we've taken recently towards simulation. So that's -- hopefully, that gives you some perspective. 
We've talked a lot in the past about things like simulation data management, materials design. All of these are essential aspects of the broader platform that we're in a position to support for our customers. 
The other broad area, as you've seen from what we've talked about in the past has been investment in supporting the hyperscalers, so supporting cloud computing, investing and supporting some of the latest hardware GPUs, scale-out CPUs. All of that again makes simulation much more relevant and continues to be areas where we're investing as we support our customers dealing with the complexity that they're working with. 
And then finally, I'll make the point that we've -- where it's not just about using simulation in the validation of products. We see the opportunity to take simulation more broadly and take the insights from simulation and make that available. So if you look at things like mission engineering as an example, those are all areas where those are areas in discovery. All of that is taking us to areas -- digital twin, taking us to areas where simulation opens new market opportunities for us as well. So that's reflective in our investments, Jay, and certainly, we see the increased opportunity for simulation out there and our investments parallel that.

Good morning, Tyler. Thanks for the question. So as you rightly point out, the historical use of simulation has been in the product design area, and there's clearly value because we reduced the number of physical prototypes that's obviously more sustainable. We can make products more efficient and so forth. I mean that's been the historical value that we've provided. 
What's been happening, of course, in the recent past, certainly, in the last few years, is the focus on sustainability. And we've seen this, as I mentioned briefly in my remarks in the script earlier. We've seen this manifest in different industries in different ways. And certainly in the automotive industry, we've seen this with electric cars, battery technology and trying to figure out what comes after or what replaces the internal combustion engine or how -- what the transition of the future of the automobile looks like. So there's been that one set of discussions. 
The other areas, sets of areas where we've continued to have conversations with customers for a number of years has been on other forms of energy. So things like wind, solar, tidal. These are other important areas outside of the traditional hydrocarbon ecosystem. 
And of course, we've talked about things like lightweighting and so on for a while. These conversations have continued, and they continue with more and more urgency. And certainly, as you start to look at the broader discussions that are taking place right now around the geopolitical climate, the focus on energy, I think, comes back, and we're having these conversations with energy companies as to how they can be more efficient or how customers can be more efficient. 
And so we see this as an ongoing customer requirement that continues to gain momentum, and it's a long-term tailwind for us that we are able to respond to. So we are excited that we can support the industry as they think about the sustainability initiatives, frankly, across multiple industry verticals.

Well, I mean, let me just quickly try to address that. When you think about our portfolio for high-tech, we have a differentiated portfolio. And once again, it's focused on the simulation aspects of that. And as I've mentioned before, as products get more complex, the need for simulation continues to grow. And so when you're dealing with next-generation telecommunications, for example, you need very accurate simulation capabilities. That's where products like ANSYS HFSS come in. In big industry trends like electrification, the entire end-to-end electric Motor Design tool chain is absolutely essential. That's an example of an area where, as I mentioned in my remarks, we just recently announced -- within the last day or so, we recently announced an acquisition of Motor Design, again helping in that end-to-end electrification tool chain. 
So we have been very careful to not only have -- invest in our products so that they're -- we feel that they're best in breed. But we've also been investing in our products to -- in the areas where customers are really struggling as in areas like next-generation telecommunications. 
The other interesting thing, of course, is that there's a connection between our semiconductor offerings and our broader simulation capabilities. As customers in the semiconductor world are looking at 2.5 and 3D integrated circuits, that's when you start to see the use of tools and technologies like the more traditional ANSYS simulation capabilities in the semiconductor domain as well. And so that crossover as well represents a long-term tailwind for us. 
So we feel like we are well positioned with our portfolio. We've been making the right investments and the right levels of integrations to allow our customers to solve some of the problems in the areas where they're investing, in some of the most challenging areas with these highly complex products for the future. And so that's why we feel very good about our high tech business.

Aerospace and defense is 1 of our top 3 verticals. And as you heard in my comments, we're seeing -- we saw good performance in Q1, and we're also seeing increased activity with customers in the aerospace and defense market most recently. So these global events certainly cause conversations with customers. And while it's too early to declare, I think it's pretty clear that these increased activity is a good indicator of longer-term tailwinds for our business in those -- from those conversations. But our business in aerospace and defense is very broad, and it's, again, based on the overall capabilities of our portfolio and what we can bring to the table.

So Saket, there are 2 important elements to our cloud strategy. The first is location independence and the second is device independence. And so let me start with location independence, and let me take you back to that last earnings call we had, when I think in answer to a question I described how our products take advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers. And then as you alluded to in your question, I pointed to how simulation is different from the typical enterprise application in that the amount of compute that's required for simulation can be enormous. And I said a single simulation could run for hours across hundreds of cores. Single user could launch multiple simulations in parallel, and that's why high-performance computing, or HPC, is so important to us and our customers. 
And I talked about our strategy to support our customers as they use ANSYS products and take advantage of high-performance computing in the public cloud of their choice. We talked in that response about ANSYS Cloud. I talked about how that allows our customers to use our flagship products, while taking advantage of compute power in the Azure Cloud while running on the managed instance from ANSYS. And we also talked about Ansys Gateway powered by AWS, which allows customers to pair their hardware access with AWS with their ANSYS flagship software. 
So in other words, last time, I talked about how our cloud strategy supports our full-featured products -- supports our full-featured user interfaces for those products while providing location-independent high-performance computing for ANSYS solvers. So the recent announcement, coming to your question, with OnScale is really part of the next leg of our strategy, which is to allow access to ANSYS solver technology in a device independent manner through a browser. 
So OnScale, as you know, had created an exciting SaaS offering that coupled a simple web and intuitive web user interface to simulation with cloud-native infrastructure. And so now to your point and your question, now that OnScale is part of ANSYS, we will continue to enhance that front end, of course. And we will supplement that with back-end access to the ANSYS flagship solvers in the cloud. In other words, we will enable customer access to our industry-leading solvers through a SaaS experience through a browser interface in a device-independent manner. And so this allows us to provide also in the future a SaaS option to simulation, one that might be attracted to new users in small and medium business or in areas that have not traditionally used ANSYS flagship products or maybe even new users and existing customers. 
So when you add all of that together, our cloud strategy is to provide customers with device-independent and location-independent access to really the best and most comprehensive set of multiphysics simulation capabilities in the market.

So I'm excited about the acquisition of Motor Design as I've said. We've had a successful partnership for a couple of years. They're the best-in-class solution in the market targeting the electric motor and machine market. And obviously, with the increased demand in electric vehicles, the complexity of electric motors, they bring a lot to the table. 
What we have is a seamless tool chain that includes Motor-CAD that connects that into other elements of our simulation portfolio. So for example, we have connections with Ansys Discovery, with Maxwell, with Fluent, with Mechanical. So it's really connected to the full suite of our multiphysics capabilities. And so acquiring Motor Design really gives us the ability to control that product road map and drive greater levels of product integration across our portfolio. Obviously, as an independent company, they have their own objectives, but now that they're part of ANSYS, we'll be in a position to really streamline that end-to-end and support that seamless shift left in the multiphysics workflow that we have around electric motors. 
So we're excited about that. We're excited about that. And you see that -- the importance of that streamlined workflow. [indiscernible], for example, a customer of ours, they had coupled Motor-CAD with Ansys optiSLang, which gives us the optimization solutions. And now what you're seeing is a much better design to validation workflow for electric machines. And that kind of capability becomes possible when we have greater visibility into the road map, and we're in a position to be able to drive that organically out from the R&D organization. So we're excited about the acquisition. I think it's a great acquisition, and the team is very strong.

Well, as I said in my comments, Walt is a long-time ANSYS executive, and he has been -- I mean he has just a tremendous track record of success within ANSYS. He's been running our largest and fastest-growing region in the Americas. He's intimately involved in all aspects of our go-to-market. He's dealt with some of the largest contracts in the enterprise space. He's been involved in the go-to-market transformation. He has spearheaded some of the inside sales efforts. He knows the industry. He knows our products. So he's been intimately involved in the creation of our strategy, and I'm excited about his leadership. He was a clear choice to move our sales teams forward. We have an exceptional deep bench of talent here at ANSYS. And I'm really excited about the future.

Yes. ANSYS has been around -- we're proud of the fact that, as a company, we've been around for 50 years. And so from that extent -- to that extent, we're one of the longer-tenured, if you will, software companies out there. But the reality is that the technology that we deliver and the value proposition that we deliver, which is helping our customers to be able to drive top line growth by bringing product to market faster and achieve bottom line savings through cost savings in terms of testing and validation to reduce warranty costs, more -- increased efficiency, all of those are evergreen value propositions. 
And as I've said before, as products become more complicated and you're seeing this, every single product is getting significantly more sophisticated than products of the past, it's not just a matter of solving a particular or understanding a particular discipline like structures of fluids. It's understanding the interplay between all of these different capabilities. 
So you take something like a car. A car today is a very different beast than the car was -- the internal combustion engine human-driven car was a number of years ago. If you think about an autonomous vehicle, for example, that's powered by an electric motor, it calls for different skills and capabilities. 
And look, we are excited that we are in a position to support our customers as they go through this journey. So the ongoing value of simulation is really there -- is driven, one, by virtue of the fact that we make -- the more simulation you run, the better your product. And so there is a continued demand for customers [Audio Gap] environment within your products run. And the product complexity continues to drive that. 
And the final point I want to make here is when you think about the use of simulation when you start to use simulation within a company, you start to rely on it more and more, and it's a virtuous cycle for ANSYS. And so there are examples of changes, where in the past, where you may not have necessarily done a detailed design if there was an incremental change, which may have led to some warranty issues or things of that nature. 
Today, companies who are using ANSYS are in a position to just run simulation to validate that those -- what might seem as small incremental changes haven't really fundamentally made a difference. When supply chains get disrupted and you want to swap out one component for a different component, that requires analysis and validation, and that's again what simulation can provide. So the value proposition and the use of simulation is -- continues to be strong. 
And then, of course, areas like sustainability, electrification, autonomy, IoT, telecommunications, these are all areas where customers are spending enormous amounts of effort, energy and money trying to build next-generation capabilities, and once again, we're in a position to help them. So I'm very excited about the opportunity in the future of simulation and of ANSYS.

I am excited about our strong start to 2022. Our strong execution and industry-leading multiphysics portfolio, combined with strong customer demand, gives me confidence as we plan for the rest of the year and beyond. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues for their stellar execution and for their commitment, which produced these great results. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and please enjoy the rest of the day.