Thank you, Lee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope that you are healthy and safe during these uncertain times. I would like to start by thanking the entire ANSYS team. Their professionalism, commitment during this crisis has been exemplary and it made a tremendous difference for our customers.
Let me first talk about how ANSYS responded to COVID-19 and describe our Q1 performance and how we are operating our business in these unusual times. Then I will take a step back and discuss the ANSYS business as a whole, specifically why ANSYS is important to customers and why the business is resilient. Finally, I will provide some color on key elements of the business going forward, including a description of some of the headwinds that we are seeing before I turn the call over to Maria.
Of course, ANSYS' first responsibility is to the health and safety of our employees and their families and to the ANSYS community around the world. In mid-February, we closed our offices in China and enabled our employees to work from home. As the crisis spread, we closed other locations around the world. Today, with the improving situation in China and Korea, our offices in those countries are open with our employees maintaining appropriate social distances and health and safety protocols. Our offices elsewhere remain closed or open only to essential staff with the vast majority of employees worldwide continuing to work from home. Our employees have quickly adapted to the challenge, and we are fully engaged in driving our business forward in the work-from-home model.
In the last several years, we have invested in our infrastructure and business applications, including our networking and remote access capabilities as well as collaboration technology. These investments have turned out to be invaluable and are helping us run our business today. We are continuing to pay all our salaried and hourly workers, and we are not planning any job action. In fact, we are onboarding new employees remotely and provisioning them to work from home. We have a number of open job requisitions and are seeing a strong flow of candidates who are looking for the stability that a company like ANSYS can provide. We believe that our ongoing investments in our growing team put ANSYS in a strong position to capture additional opportunity once this crisis is abated.
As you may recall from when we guided in February, we were expecting the first quarter and the first half of the year to be challenging because of tough year-over-year compare, the effect of China sanctions and a back-end loaded full year. Of course, worldwide economic conditions worsened through March. Nonetheless, I am very proud that the solid execution by the ANSYS team, our revenue, earnings and operating margin for Q1 came in just about at the midpoint of our guidance.
In Q1, we saw strength in a number of industries, including automotive, high-tech and energy. In these verticals, our solutions that support the key initiatives of autonomy, electrification and 5G continue to resonate with our customers. For example, in Asia, we inked a new 3-year contract with an existing consumer electronics customer to expand its usage of our flagship multiphysics solutions as well as to expand into digital twins.
In North America, we closed several large deals in the high-tech and semiconductor sectors, including at a global hardware provider that agreed to standardize on ANSYS, displacing several competitors. We also closed a 7-figure deal with NuScale Power to bring its small modular nuclear reactor designs to reality through the power of simulation. We were also able to forge new relationships with organizations that have not previously used ANSYS.
For example, we signed a 7-figure contract with a new customer, Software Motor Company or SMC. By using ANSYS multiphysics solutions supported by ANSYS Cloud, SMC is developing an automated workflow to rapidly design and analyze motors to be used across industries. The enhanced workflow can compress the weeks of simulation and months of prototype testing typically required for these virtually silent motors.  In Q1, we delivered Ansys 2020 Release 1 and despite working from home, we will deliver our Release 2 to customers in the summer as originally scheduled.
These are major releases and include new capabilities across our multiphysics product portfolio. All products continue to receive recognition and accolades from our customers and partners. For example, industry leader, TSMC recently certified ANSYS RedHawk-SC next-generation system-on-chip power noise sign off-platform for TSMC's FinFET process nodes. This helps customers verify the power requirements and the reliability of chips we use in artificial intelligence, machine learning, 5G and high-performance computing applications.
Similarly, Samsung Foundry has certified the ANSYS RaptorH electromagnetic simulation solution for design using its new 3-dimensional integrated circuit packaging technology. RaptorH marries the best-in-class engines from ANSYS RaptorX, which we gained in last year's Helic acquisition and ANSYS flagship HFSS into a single chip packet system design environment. By validating electromagnetic effects in Samsung's 3D assembly, RaptorH empowers designers to eliminate critical points of failure and accelerate the rate of new technology adoption.
We are continuing to look at opportunities to expand our portfolio through M&A. We recently closed our acquisition of Lumerical, which will enable ANSYS customers to predict the behavior of light within complex photonic devices, structures and systems. This is critical as 5G applications and autonomous vehicles are producing massive amounts of data, forcing organizations to handle even more information faster than ever. Lumerical's products enable designers to develop new, high-throughput optical networks by modeling the most challenging problems in photonics, including interacting optical, electrical and thermal effects. We were able to virtually onboard the Lumerical team, and I'm excited to welcome them into our ONE Ansys family.
I'd now like to discuss the ANSYS business and explain its resilience. The ANSYS value proposition is compelling, both in good times and in tough economic times because simulation helps our customers drive both top line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings. Using ANSYS simulation, customers can rapidly innovate, easily validate design ideas and improve cycle time. This means that they can launch more of the right products, and do so at a faster pace, which translates to top line growth.
In addition, simulation can help customers get more impact from tight R&D budgets by giving engineers the tools to evaluate multiple design options cost effectively and in parallel and by reducing or even eliminating the need for costly physical testing. That is particularly relevant during this global crisis when some customers cannot get access to their labs to physically test products. The compelling value and the mission-critical nature of simulation is why customers continue to rely on ANSYS even during periods of uncertainty. It is important to note that the bulk of customers' investments in simulation comes from their research and development or R&D budgets. R&D is the lifeblood of our customers. It's the key differentiator. Our experience is that in tough economic times, R&D is typically the least impacted by budget cuts and the first restored, primarily because it drives future growth and market success. We believe that this is a commonly accepted perspective, and it is corroborated by studies in the Harvard Business Review and by the consulting firm, McKinsey. 
This ongoing investment in R&D and in simulation in tough economic times is best illustrated in the automotive industry, where softening demand and worker safety concerns caused by the COVID-19 crisis have forced manufacturers to shut down factories and cut budgets. However, Volkswagen, General Motors, Honda and other automakers have publicly reported continued investments in R&D, especially in next-generation technologies, such as autonomy and electrification. If you recall from earlier discussions, these next-generation technologies are exactly where ANSYS has been making strategic investments through both organic development and acquisitions. At ANSYS, we continue to see investments in simulation by automotive OEMs and their suppliers across geographies.
Let me give you 2 examples from Q2. In Asia, DENSO, the Tier 1 automotive supplier, recently signed a 3-year multimillion-dollar deal to adopt ANSYS solutions for automotive parts development for electrification and autonomy as well as for our platform technologies. In Europe, our channel partner, DYNAmore, recently inked an important deal with a major automotive OEM for the adoption of LS-DYNA for virtual crash testing, replacing a competitive product. This is exciting news, indeed, coming just a few months after we closed the acquisition of LSTC.
As I also discussed at last year's Investor Day, ANSYS is a resilient model due in part to the number and diversity of customers we serve. We have thousands of customers across multiple industries, including high-tech, semiconductor, aerospace, defense, automotive, industrial and energy. And we are well balanced across the geographies with about 40% of our business coming from the Americas and the rest split roughly evenly between Europe and Asia. That diversity means that we can harness growth from a wide variety of sources. And it also means that we are resilient to the business or economic dynamics of any individual customer, industry or country.
Furthermore, our sales channels are diversified with about 75% coming from our direct force, with the remainder coming from channel partners. We are very flexible in our licensing and consumption models, and customers can purchase a perpetual license, a lease license, or a pay-as-you-go elastic license and can consume our technology on-premises or in the cloud. We believe this diversity and flexibility allows us to reach and support a broad range of customers around the world.
I'd now like to give some color on the challenges our users are facing and how we're accommodating them and provide additional comments on the demand environment, including a perspective by industry and by geography. It is important to note that our analysis of demand has already been factored into our Q2 and full year guidance. Let me also caution that with the unprecedented market volatility we are all experiencing, demand could change in either direction as the global situation continues to evolve. We expect the most significant business disruption to occur in the second quarter when our teams and those of our customers work remotely. We are currently assuming a modest recovery in the business environment during the third quarter as states and countries slowly reopen, and business and consumer sentiment begins to improve. We also assume business activity and customer sentiments will continue to improve through the fourth quarter.
Comparing this period of disruption with the pre-COVID environment, we expect different kinds of customers will be impacted in different ways. First, it is likely to be more challenging to close deals with brand new customers, primarily because of the difficulty in building new relationships and driving demand with new prospects remotely. Fortunately, for ANSYS, over the course of our 50-year history, we have built a large and loyal customer base. And so while new customers are important, the majority of our business comes from existing customers.
Second, we expect larger accounts to perform more strongly than small- and medium-sized businesses. This is to our advantage as the majority of our business comes from these larger accounts. Larger customers have stronger liquidity and capital position, and we believe that a majority of them will be able to maintain their R&D cycles. In contrast, smaller customers tend to be more sensitive to liquidity constraints and are more likely to delay purchases. So, however, that we believe government programs, especially in Europe, will mitigate some of this risk.
Furthermore, during this period of disruption, we expect renewal rates to remain strong, although new business will come under incremental pressure. We also expect customers to prefer leases over perpetual because of the smaller initial financial commitment of the lease. And we will see additional scrutiny given to large multiyear contracts, which could result in delays in signing or perhaps smaller commitments than we had previously expected. This could introduce incremental timing uncertainty into our top line. Our prepared remarks contain a more comprehensive discussion of the attributes affecting our pipeline conversion and their related impact.
With that backdrop, I'll shift to an industry view. We are seeing little to no reduction in demand in the high-tech and semiconductor vertical, which accounted for about 1/3 of our business in 2019. Many of these customers have deep pockets and are developing products against a multiyear road map, and they are not willing to let a few quarters of uncertainties slow them down. Other companies in large markets such as 5G are in a global race for leadership positions within their industry and are unwilling to delay their R&D efforts and thus cede their future to a competitor.
Let me now move to aerospace and defense. We anticipate investments will continue for defense and military aerospace, driven by long-term government programs, and we expect to see little to no reduction in demand for ANSYS technology in this vertical. Commercial aerospace and contracts will be impacted in the short term, driven by both pre-COVID challenges faced by some companies and by the dramatic reduction in passenger air travel as a result of this pandemic. However, in the medium to long term, I believe this will be somewhat mitigated by the continued need of long-term R&D initiatives that address environmental issues and government regulations.
In the automotive industry, although there has been widespread idling of manufacturing plans, R&D are still receiving funding. And that is particularly true for emerging solutions like autonomy and electrification where ANSYS plays a key role. However, we are expecting to see headwinds on more traditional R&D activities in the sector. Given the need for competitive differentiation, we expect to see ongoing investments in new product introductions for industrial equipment. Although we anticipate a reduction in R&D spending on existing products in this vertical. The low price of oil is causing headwinds in the energy sector. Fortunately, this vertical accounts for a relatively small portion of our business.
Let me turn now to a geographical view. Relative to our expected performance of the geographies at the time of our last earnings call, we believe North America will fare the best. North America has the largest installed base of big enterprise customers, and a number of these customers are due to renew their leases of ANSYS products in 2020. We expect a high renewal rate for those leases, and we also expect to attach new product sales to the renewals. Our North America customer base includes a good percentage of high-tech and semiconductor companies, and we expect their R&D and simulation initiatives to continue to receive funding.
Asia Pacific entered the COVID-19 crisis a few weeks before the rest of the world. We did see an initial reduction in demand activity there, but we're now seeing a return of demand. For example, we saw China end Q1 stronger than we had expected, and it continues to have momentum in Q2. The high-tech and semiconductor industry remains strong throughout the region. However, we do see some headwinds in the more traditional automotive investments and the heavy industrials.
We're expecting some disruptions in business in EMEA, in part because of headwinds related to industrial and traditional automotive activities and in part because we saw some customers struggle with the transition to a work-from-home model. Still, we see relief coming in the form of government programs designed to help companies, especially smaller ones deal with the near-term financial stress.
With all these uncertainties, we are reducing our full year revenue and ACV guidance by mid-single digits, with the greatest impact coming in Q2. Maria will go through guidance in more detail.
Before I finish, I would like to mention that we are preparing a Simulation World, our exciting new online conference that brings together simulation thought leaders and users from around the world. Simulation World will feature a who's who of ANSYS customers, including Volkswagen Motorsport, Baker Hughes, Ericsson and Porsche Motorsport. Simulation World already has more than 10,000 registrants, demonstrating the value of simulation in the marketplace. I'm very excited that this forum gives us a new and unique opportunity to generate demand for our multiphysics portfolio.
Despite the uncertainties in the market, we believe that our strategy of pervasive simulation and the value that we deliver to our customers is more important than ever. Our strategy accelerates customers' key research and development initiatives, which are not typically impacted by economic slowdowns, and we support critical emerging areas like electrification, autonomy, 5G and the industrial Internet of Things. And our value proposition is compelling to customers, both in good times and in tough economic times because we can help our customers drive both top line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings. I am confident in our ability to continue to drive long-term growth. And with our continued investment in the business, I believe we are well positioned to emerge from this crisis stronger than ever.
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q1 and provide more detail around our outlook and assumptions for the remainder of 2020. Maria?

So Jay, that's a long question. Let me try to address that -- address the second part first, and then I'll get to the first part. With respect to what you do in a COVID world, as you may have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we have a very large event Simulation World that we're running online. And that is, I think, one of the largest, if not the largest simulation event online. And we have a number of speakers signed up for that. We have, I think, over 10,000 people who have registered and the month is about -- and the event is about a month away. So there's a lot of interest in the technology and the capabilities. And obviously, we're driving demand from online events to -- excuse me, from in-person events to online events.
With respect to our partnership relationships, we continue to drive our relationships with our partners and with our customers and the importance of what we do together remains unchanged.
With respect to the first part of your question, the long-term view of our industry, I think it's important to note that the part of the industry where ANSYS lives which is simulation, we believe, is the most important aspect that customers are dealing with. They need simulation in order to be able to validate the design of the products to be able to design the products. Some of the other companies that you mentioned are in other parts of the end-to-end ecosystem. We're in the simulation space. And we believe that this is an extremely valuable part of the end-to-end ecosystem, it’s something that customers do need.
Now to your point about platforms, look, I think that there is some in the industry who believe that you need to have a single monolithic platform, which is a single source of truth and ideal single vendor monolithic environment. We don't believe that's the case. Our strategy is completely open. We believe instead in an authoritative source of truth, which is an ecosystem of open, federated and purpose-built domain-specific solutions, and we participate in that. And I think that's a much more realistic way of addressing the digital transformation needs of scale. It's not about picking one platform and locking a vendor or locking a customer into a particular platform, it's vendors like ourselves playing in an open environment, recognizing that we need to be in a position to support our customers as they understand how to create these complex products of the future.

Small and medium business.

I think it's important to recognize that when you think about the actual linearity within the quarter of our business, most of it is back-end loaded. So the earlier part of the quarter, there's a lot of customer activity in terms of meetings and things of that nature. But in terms of actual closed contracts, that starts to come in towards the third month of the quarter. And what we're seeing in April, of course, is as customers were transitioning to a work-from-home model, there was obviously some disruption, I would say, March, as people were thinking through the transition process and trying to make sure that they could get there. But today, we are seeing a number of our customers working from home. Our teams are effectively working from home. We can engage. A lot of the challenges are around being able to do things like demos and so on in our ACE organization, which is our technical customer-facing organization is able to deliver those demos and those capabilities. So we feel very confident in our ability to continue to support our customers as they work from home and the activity levels that we're seeing are consistent with that.

So I think there are 2 -- there are a couple of things that I think are worth sharing. Number one is that some customers are not able to access physical labs or were not able to access physical labs. And as a result of that, physical experimentation is suffering. And obviously, simulation does not require you to access a physical lab. You can do all your work on the computer and in a work-from-home scenario. So that has clearly swings away from physical testing towards more simulation activity, and that's obviously a tailwind for us, and that's helpful.
The other thing is -- and I think this has been very well established, part of the value proposition, what part of the value proposition of simulation is really being able to address cost, and in particular, you can reduce the number of physical prototypes, and you can test in parallel instead of serializing a sequence of events, you can test a number of things in parallel on the computer. And the fact that you can reduce cost is an important driver. And again, in these tough economic times, people are looking to reduce costs. And that, again, is a good guide to tailwind for simulation. So I'm pretty excited about those dynamics.
Another point I'd actually like to make, which is kind of interesting is we've been able to deliver that unique pass situation as the pandemic as we've been able to deliver a number of simulation-based insights to out there. People have been using our technology to come up with ideas or assessments of things like social distancing, the creation of PPE, the creation of medical -- rapid creation of medical devices and a lot of that is being done because of the speed and the rate in case at which of this work is being done, it was unexpected. A lot of that work is being done through simulation as well. And that also demonstrates the effectiveness of simulation if you start to think about the agility that we can bring to bear.

Well, I think it's really very premature to talk about M&A, exactly what the long-term implication on M&A is going to be. Obviously, we continue to have a pipeline of customers of potential companies that we're continuing to evaluate. And we -- and b, we're evaluating those customers, I mean, if those companies, if you look at what we did with the acquisition of Lumerical, we just closed Lumerical a couple of -- a few weeks ago. During the lockdown period, we were able to onboard all their employees remotely. But we continue to engage with potential acquisition targets. We'll see what happens as the situation plays out.

Thank you very much. So I'd like to close by saying that while there is uncertainty in the market, I know that ANSYS has the right team, the best products in the market and strong customer commitments. With our investments in infrastructure and collaboration technologies, the special accommodations for our customers and with our continued fiscal discipline, I believe that ANSYS is well positioned to help our customers during this critical time and well into the future. When this crisis has abated, I believe that we will emerge in an even better leadership position to make simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. I'd like to again acknowledge our more than 4,000 employees around the world who have managed to grow our customer base and support our existing customers during these challenging times. Thank you all so very much. We are ONE Ansys. And finally, I'd like to encourage all of you to join us online at Simulation World, June 10th and 11th. You can find more information and register on the ANSYS website or by going to simulationworld.com. And thank you for joining the call. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day.