Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was yet another exceptional quarter. We exceeded the high end of our Q3 revenue and our earnings per share guidance by $8 million and $0.24, respectively. Our revenue growth as measured under ASC 605 was 12% leading to record third quarter 605 revenue and earnings per share. We recorded $762 million of deferred revenue in backlog as measured under ASC 605, which represents a 14% year-over-year increase. Our ACV growth in constant currency was outstanding at over 13% for the quarter and at 11% year to date. This reflects strong customer demand for ANSYS solutions and our ongoing success in the market. 
Given our robust performance to date in 2018 and the strength of our pipeline going into the last quarter of the year, we are increasing our revenue, our EPS and our operating cash flow guidance for the full year. We're also raising ACV guidance at the midpoint. Maria will provide more details in a few minutes.
In Q3, we recorded numerous 6-figure deals across several major verticals. With the race to 5G in high gear, the high-tech vertical performed well with leading communications companies choosing ANSYS, in part, because of the multiphysics design capabilities enabled by our chip package system workflow. Our market-leading capabilities in enabling electrification and autonomy drove customer investments across the automotive sector. The aerospace and defense sector performed well as investment is increasing in the U.S. and Europe. The industrial equipment vertical, particularly the rotating machinery market, is also benefiting from the recovery in oil and gas.
In Q3, we also saw an increase in investment from the health care industry. We work with healthcare leaders such as Medtronic for many years on the use of in silico medicine to advance medical device design. At the September meeting of the Avicenna Alliance, a global alliance of healthcare industries and researchers that was set up at the request of the European Commission, Medtronic reported that modeling a simulation helped them release a product to market 2 years earlier treating 10,000 patients during this period and saving an estimated $10 million.
From a geographic perspective, ASC 605 revenues grew double-digits in the Americas and Europe, while Asia-Pacific grew 9% all in constant currency. Our 3 largest markets, the U.S., Japan and Germany, led our performance in the quarter each with double-digit revenue growth. 
Our new go-to-market strategy, which we described at Investor Day last year is seeing success. Our approach enables us to effectively grow and close large enterprise deals, while efficiently addressing the large volume of our transactional business. We're intelligently matching a customer's size, location and level of simulation sophistication with our routes to market, which include the use of strategic sales teams, territory sales, indirect channel partners and inside sales reps.
For our largest global customers, we're employing a higher-touch direct sales model. In Q3, we had 30 customers with orders of over $1 million, which is a 20% increase compared to last year's Q3. About 80% of these customers license solutions from at least 3 of our product lines. Our top 100 customers, year-to-date, represent over 40% of our total sales, illustrating our success in more deeply penetrating our largest accounts.
One such account is Airbus Defence and Space, a global leader in its industry, who extended their use of ANSYS core solutions to reduce their time-to-market from 15 years to 7 years while accelerating their development cycle. Leveraging our solutions for autonomy and digital twins, Airbus Defence and Space is relying on ANSYS Solutions to enable the future development of their autonomous innovation.
Our investments in incremental field engineering resources have also been instrumental in helping to expand our relationships at the enterprise and the strategic account level. This is reflected not only in the overall growth in our software and maintenance revenue but also in the over 30% growth of our services revenue for both the quarter and the first 9 months of 2018. 
Services can help with enterprise adoption and more challenging customer solutions and will be an ongoing area of incremental investment. However, we expect services revenue to remain a relatively small portion of our overall revenue even into the future.
While large deals are important to us, remember that close to 60% of our total sales comes from customers not in the top 100. So an equally important aspect of our go-to-market is the use of direct territory sales, inside sales and channel partners to efficiently reach a large number of smaller customers. 
We have seen success in that effort by bringing in numerous new commercial logos in Q3 with particular strength in the electronics, industrial equipment and automotive industries. In addition, our start-up program, which provides qualifying businesses with our solutions at a discount has enrolled over 550 companies. Working with these exciting young companies ensures that ANSYS will play a key role in their product development processes as they grow and require additional simulation solutions.
Our indirect channel, which currently represents 24% of our total revenue continues to perform well and saw an increased volume of smaller deals. We're continuing to execute on our channel expansion plan adding 8 new channel partners in Q3, including KETIV Technologies and Rand Simulation, 2 of the largest Autodesk resellers in North America. 
Globally, we are seeing great collaboration between our inside sales and territory account reps as well as increased investment by our channel partners, which enables us to rapidly expand our reach. One of our long-standing channel partners, ESSS in Brazil recently closed a large deal that strengthens our relationship with global energy leader, Petrobras. The agreement with ANSYS allows Petrobras to leverage the latest enhancements to the ANSYS simulation platform and gives Petrobras access to leading-edge products for engineering simulation as well as local support from ESSS. 
Engineering simulation tools and HPC capabilities are essential to Petrobras' oil and gas exploration and production R&D activities.
Let me now shift to partnerships, which are a key component of our growth strategy. Through deep collaboration with our partners, we are able to provide customers with greater value in solving new classes of problems. Furthermore, we can expand our addressable opportunity by reaching new customers and potentially new markets through our partners' channels. 
In March this year, Synopsys released their ICC2 with integrated ANSYS RedHawk power integrity and reliability signoff technology. This will enable robust design optimization for next generation, high performance computing, mobile and automotive products. While it is still early days, we are pleased by the response from their customers.
Our partnership with SAP is based on a new offering on SAP's cloud platform called SAP Predictive Engineering Insights Enabled by ANSYS, which incorporates the ANSYS digital twin technology. The long-term opportunity here is very exciting, although, we expect customer adoption to be deliberate as they go from an initial pilot to deployment at scale. 
Our partnership with PTC is based on a new offering from them called Creo Simulation Live that embeds the breakthrough simulation capabilities of ANSYS Discovery Live into PTC's Creo CAD solution. The development is on track and PTC will soon be starting early trials of the new offering.
Finally, also during Q3, semiconductor giant TSMC honored us with 3 Partner of the Year awards for our work with them on 3D ICs and 7-nanometer process nodes. 
Switching gears, I would now like to talk about how we are continuing to drive innovation across our business. In Q3, we released ANSYS 19.2, which includes numerous advancements across our product portfolio. We improved speed, reliability and usability, and we introduced a new patent-pending mosaic meshing capability for Fluent that delivered higher quality results that -- faster than before. In one use case, our mosaic mesh requires 34% less memory and delivered a solution 47% faster than previous solutions. 
In addition, we announced a new Fluent task-based workflow, which guides the engineer through the simulation process, providing best practices as defaults. The first release allows users to prep and mesh watertight geometries using 70% fewer clicks and 50% less hands-on time than before. 
In ANSYS 19.2, we added several important capabilities to our electronic solutions. We enhanced our Icepak electronics cooling solution to include faster modeling of IC packages and support for connecting heat sources for multiple analyses. 
Our HFSS 3D component library was expanded again to help collaboration, save time and improve accuracy. We added the TDK RF chip antenna library and we just signed an agreement with Modelithics, a third-party model vendor to create a library of 3D encrypted components targeting 5G design.
ANSYS 19.2 furthers our vision of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. As we move from product design to manufacturing with 19.2, we have fully integrated the technology from our 3DSIM acquisition giving ANSYS the only complete design to analysis to print additive manufacturing simulation workflow. 
Additionally, our additive solutions now include physics driven lattice optimization, and we're seeing customer success. A leading aerospace contractor invested in ANSYS Additive Print to help optimize their additive manufacturing processes. And a major medical device manufacturer chose ANSYS Additive Suite to reduce failed bills.
As we have highlighted since its release in Q1, our Discovery family of products is also helping us make simulation pervasive by extending our reach to the early part of the product design phase. Our newest Discovery release features the first near-realtime 3D parameter studies enabling designers to analyze hundreds of design points in minutes. We're seeing strong interest with the number of initial purchases by major and strategic customers significantly increased in Q3 over Q2. 
Discovery is being used by customers in ways that we did not expect. A large automotive supplier was struggling to improve its bidding process for customer RFQs. The problem was that bid submission was bottlenecked waiting for a skilled analyst to validate the bid through simulation. The company purchased Discovery for its design engineers so that the required simulation could be performed by the designers without having to wait for an analyst. Based on a pilot with Discovery, the customer estimates that it can reduce RFQ response times by up to 75%, allowing them to bid on more business leading to increased revenue.
Finally, I would like to introduce the newest member of the ANSYS executive team, Dr. Prith Benerjee, who recently joined us as our Chief Technology Officer. A brilliant technologist, Prith brings an exceptional blend of experiences to ANSYS. He's had very successful careers both in academia and in industry and has earned multiple honors. Prith was a chaired professor and a dean of engineering. He led one of the most iconic industry research labs and he served as CTO at 2 of the top global industrial companies. He also founded 2 startups in the electronics space. This unique mix of experiences makes him the perfect person to help guide our technology innovation and long-term product strategy.
Before I turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results, I would like to acknowledge the most recent milestone in her stellar career at ANSYS. This is Maria's 20th year as CFO of ANSYS, and today is her 80th earnings call. Congratulations, Maria, and over to you.

So let me address -- let me ask Maria to address the second part of the question first and then I'll come back to the first part.

And as far as the drivers for the ACV growth are concerned, I think I addressed some of them in my comments in the script. Essentially we saw strong performance across all of the geographies. And we saw really good performance in the verticals, in the industries, pretty much across all of them and I called out a few of them. And I think that's reflective of 2 things, one is there is tremendous market demand for the kinds of solutions and products that we have -- offer our customers and, obviously, our customers think that we have terrific capabilities to bring to market as well. So I think you put it all together, great demand for our offerings, great technology, great capabilities. We were able to execute against that. And then as I finally said in my comments, the go-to-market that we introduced about a year ago is successful, is being -- we're seeing results and that's also contributed to our success this quarter.

Well, obviously, we can look at the overall pipeline that we have in our business and we have a pretty deep level of conversation with some our customers. As I explained in the call, we have some amount of our revenue that comes from large customers and we're deeply engaged with them. And we have a certain amount of the business that just drive through the more transactional channels that we have in the market. We are currently seeing a very strong pipeline. As you know, over 3/4 of our business, I think 77% of our business comes through recurring revenue, so that's very stable. And we continue to see good demand for what we're doing. So with that high-recurring revenue, the strong diversity across the geographies that I mentioned, the diversity across industries, the good technology, the multiple routes to market, we're not -- we feel very confident in our business. We're not seeing any slowdown in the pace of customer interest. We're not seeing any slowdown in the sense of customer urgency and, in fact, it's quite the contrary. If you start to look at some of these broader conversations that we're having with customers, it's about how their business is going to get transformed. We're having conversations with automotive companies about helping them with ADAS and self-driving vehicles. And the market demands for those are so high, customers are investing in those areas. We're having conversations with customers about electrification, and we're having success in that space. 5G, all of these are areas where customers continue to make investments. And with the breadth and the depth of our technology, we're addressing some of the most pressing problems in product design today. And so we are very excited about our future.

So to the second question about recruiting, obviously, we are looking for highly skilled individuals across a number of physics -- a number of our areas of physics and we are investing across the board. And so, yes, it is competitive and obviously, we feel like we have a great value proposition for our employees and it's driven by a number of things. One is, we think we have really exciting products and we serve really exciting customers. And I think that, that's a factor that causes people to want to come here. We've also continued to build out academic relationships from a purpose of recruiting. We're a quality place to work. We're building the right levels of the relationships that we need. So while we are continuing to be, as Maria said, a little bit behind the curve in terms of recruiting, we have been recruiting and we're excited about our opportunities to continue to be able to recruit in the future. And we're cranking up the engine as we go into next year. So that's the first piece of the question, the first part of the -- the second part of the question. The first part of your question was around the verticals and, I think, as I said in the comments, we see activity across all of the different verticals. I mentioned high tech, you mentioned automotive in your question, we also mentioned -- I mentioned high tech in the comments. We've also had aerospace and defense, some -- a fair amount of activity this quarter and we see that in our pipeline as well. So I'm actually seeing a relatively broad industry split and I don't see any particular area that we would look at and say, "Hey, this is an area of concern."

And just to amplify the comments that Maria just made, and I talked a little bit about this in my comments as well, we've taken a thoughtful approach to the go-to-market. And for the larger accounts, where we see more opportunity, we're investing more with those customers, and that includes with certain customers doing a little bit of incremental services. And what that's translating to is our opportunity to deliver broader-based solutions to these customers, which means, larger deals, it means multiphysics deals and it means multiyear deeper levels of engagements. So all of that drives customer activity. It drives the size of the opportunities and, obviously, it drives the annualized view of what the numbers look like and that's reflected in the ACV. So that's one piece of it. We've also made investments in our ACE organization this year and we continue to make investments in the ACE organization. And, even though, it is -- there is a war for talent, we've been successful in recruiting people, I think, in the last quarter we had a -- we grew our business by net of 100 people, which is quite considerable given that we are a relatively small company in terms of headcount. So the engine is moving, we're able to bring people on board and our field engineering organization is able to engage -- our ACE organization is able to engage with customers at the right level and, of course, that helps our customers be successful, but it also drives more business for us. And so there's a number of different dimensions that we've been driving and setting ourselves up for in the last year, essentially, along the lines that we talked about in the go-to-market transformation, messaging that we gave you guys a year ago at Investor Day. And what you're seeing right now in the results is the success of what we said we would do and, obviously, we see the momentum of this continuing as we move forward.

I think we'll talk about our plans for next year and will go through our headcount plans for next year when we talk about next year's guidance in our -- when we announce Q4. And so that will be in February, I believe. So I think, we'll go through more details on that. What I can say is that we made a conscious decision this year to bring on board incremental ACE resources significantly more than we had in previous years, and we have made good progress towards doing that.

So let me address the question about automotive. As we've said, I think, pretty consistently over the last few quarters, maybe a year, some of the areas of investment in automotive have to do with ADAS, autonomous vehicles, electrification, those are all the big areas where the OEMs are making, I would say, significant levels of investment. And it's not just the OEMs, it's the entire supply chain. If you think about the transformation this represents, it's people retooling to take advantage of different technologies, moving from an internal combustion engine to an electric solution requires a significant change. Starting to think about automotive, the testing that's involved, how you validate autonomous vehicles. All of those are significant changes from business as usual and that's where the investment is taking place in the automotive industry. And frankly, all of that plays directly to our capabilities and our sweet spot. So we feel very confident that the technologies and the solutions that we provide are in demand not only by the OEMs but the entire automotive supply chain.

Well, I think, the way you should think about these partnerships is that in each one of these -- each one of them is different. And the -- in the first year of the partnerships, they're really building out the product. So you should really expect relatively modest contribution as the partnership starts to get into high gear. As you well know, these kinds of relationships are multiyear relationships and these are not quick wins that result in incremental revenue overnight, because you're talking about new products being brought to market, you're talking about training additional sales forces and so on and so forth. So I would just urge you to be -- well, the way we think about these partnerships is that these are strategically important, but these are long-term activities. And as we think about our business, they represent an adjacent avenue for growth for us in the long term.

So a couple of quick questions about -- so the ordering of some of these adjacencies. Obviously, we have a product in market with respect to the Discovery family of products today. Again, that's early, but I gave a couple of examples of customers and obviously, our relationship with PTC, as I described, is based upon them bringing a product to market, actually relatively soon. Jim Heppelmann, who's the CEO of PTC, has described the Discovery Live technology as being jaw-dropping. And I think that they're very excited about that as they bring the technology to market. So I think that that's a -- that's obviously something that we see happening in the shorter term. We did an acquisition of OPTIS earlier this year, and OPTIS gave us some really important technology with respect to optics, LIDAR, radar. And we also have now, as a result of the OPTIS solution, we have a closed-loop simulation environment that allows us to be successful, we believe, in the ADAS testing space, so that to allow our customers to validate miles without having to physically drive miles but use testing -- use simulation as a way of being able to validate the functions of an autonomous vehicle. So that's another area where we've made investments. We talked about it last year, we've made investments and we're delivering product in the marketplace today. So I think those are some areas in the -- and if you think about digital twin, those represent a little bit further out, I would say, than some of these other areas, because digital twin is a -- is still -- I would say, a number of customers are very excited about the technology, but it represents a longer-term rollout, because it requires a change in the way people think about how they are maintaining their equipment, the way they are managing their businesses and so there's a -- I would say that, that's a little bit longer term as we think about some of these adjacencies. And so that perhaps gives you some context. To your second point about machine learning, look, we believe that physics-based simulation and machine learning AI are very complementary and we believe that our hybrid approach is quite viable and could be very valuable. And we've embraced and we've used machine learning methods and tools for quite some time, actually well before the current buzz around this area. And as with everything that we do, our objective is to make sure that we can advance the capabilities of the physics-based simulation that we bring to market. And so give you a couple of examples, so our RedHawk-SC product, it's based on big data and machine learning techniques to enable rapid design iterations. And the whole idea is that using this technology where -- which combines machine learning and physics-based simulation and engineers can now make better design decisions than they could before. We're also making use of machine learning techniques for example, in specific use cases, for example, we're looking -- we're figuring out and inferring the optical properties of materials where we're using machine learning in some of the ADAS scenario generation. So to be able to do automated testing for ADAS you want to automatically generate road scenarios, we're using machine learning to help do that. We're using machine learning to help design smart assistants to gauge HPC resource usage and so on. So we're very confident about where we're going. We think that AI, machine learning techniques will complement what we're doing. And our traditional simulation technologies, physics-based simulation, and for our customers, we think that means that they can just be more efficient and effective when designing their products.

So we're actually very pleased with the adoption of Discovery Live. We continue to see good customer traction. I gave you an example. And there are a couple of kinds of customers who are looking at Discovery Live or -- one, of course, larger customers where we have historically had some technology. And they are looking at the use of Discovery by their design teams and that leads to a subsequent purchase and then larger purchases down the road. And then the second area is, we are seeing customers who have previously never used simulation before being able to use Discovery because it's just so easy for them to use. So I'm actually -- I think, we're pretty much on where we expected to be with respect to our internal milestones, both from a customer adoption perspective as well as from a product or lease perspective. And since the launch in February, we've had 2 major product releases and we continue to add technology and capabilities to our products, so I'm very excited about that. You asked to comment about competition. It's perhaps helpful to sort of just reflect on exactly what Discovery Live is. Discovery Live is fundamentally trailblazing technology and it sets a bar for a transformative user experience for design engineers. Now we know that others see the -- they recognize the same opportunity that we see and this is an opportunity where answers can fundamentally change product design by democratizing simulation. And while we see competitors incrementally improving existing tools and technologies either by organic activities or through acquisitions, we have yet to see, frankly, anything as transformative as Discovery Live. We believe Discovery Live is in a class of its own. And I referenced some of the comments from PTC, for example, earlier on this. You've got to realize that Discovery Live builds on a whole new solver architecture and that's based on GPU. It's essentially, orders of magnitude faster than traditional 3D methods and it supports multiple physics and multiphysics simulation. And that gives design engineers the intuitive insight that they're expecting. I mean, it essentially makes simulation as easy as a video game for a designer. So we don't -- we are excited about the technology. We don't see -- we think the bar is very high and we're not seeing anything else in the marketplace that's like it, right now. Now I am really excited about the portfolio that we have. With Discovery Live, we've got speed, we've got interactivity, we have our flagships solvers, there is an enormous breadth and depth and accuracy. Taken together, our portfolio, frankly, is simply unrivaled in the industry today.

I think the comment that you made about working with resellers, we have a pretty broad strategy for our reseller community around the world. And we're essentially looking to -- in key areas and for key coverage areas, we're looking to bring resellers on board who are familiar with simulation, who understand what we do and are in a position to broaden our go-to-market. And the 2 -- and the examples that I gave in the -- my prepared marks were examples of companies that have been able to satisfy those metrics and are able to help us. And of course, we can help them with great product and great capabilities. As far as Discovery Live is concerned, we believe that it's a simulation solution. Discovery Live is not a CAD offering. It's CAD agnostic. We're not a CAD offering. The guys that do CAD do a number of things that Discovery Live has no intention whatsoever of doing. Discovery Live is a simulation solution and it works with CAD. It adds to CAD, a completely different dimension and that's why customers are excited about it.

Thanks so much, Andrew. So I continue to be extremely pleased with our performance, our outstanding performance through the year and the progress that we're making towards our strategic initiatives. Our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with customers and our broad go-to-market changes are yielding results. We continue to strengthen our core products and we are making the right investments in next-generation offerings. And in conclusion, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And as always, a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all so much for your efforts, and thank you for another exceptional quarter. Thank you all for joining the call today. I look forward to our next discussion. Please enjoy the rest of your day.