Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Building on the strong momentum from the great performance last year, 2018 is off to an excellent start, with a record Q1 that exceeded the high end of our guidance across all of the key metrics for revenue, margin and earnings for both ASC 605 and 606.
I'm especially pleased with our ACV growth of 10% in constant currency and with our record 605 deferred revenue and backlog of $842 million, which is a 29% year-over-year increase. These metrics are leading indicators of the ongoing strength of our business.
I'm also delighted that we are both increasing and tightening the range of our guidance for both revenue and for EPS. Our Q1 outperformance and the strength of the sales pipeline of our organic business in and of themselves would warrant an increase in both revenue and EPS guidance.
In addition, our new guidance also factors in the increased revenue from the acquisition of OPTIS, which we closed yesterday.
In sum, our annual guidance now reflects revenue growth of 10% in constant currency at the midpoint. Maria will walk you through all the details.
Last year, we described our vision of pervasive simulation, where simulation becomes critical to the entire product life cycle. We discussed key emerging global customer initiatives, including autonomous vehicle and additive manufacturing.
We outlined how we are transforming sales operations to support multiple go-to-market motions to reach our tens of thousands of customers around the world, from direct high touch with large enterprise accounts to territory sales, to inside sales, to broader channel relationships. And we talked about how we intend to use M&A to further our vision of pervasive simulation. We are executing as promised, and our strategy is working. Let me start with sales.
We are continuing to demonstrate our leadership by broadening and deepening our customer relationships, resulting in record-sized deals. In the first quarter, we had 30 customers with orders of over $1 million, of which was one was over $5 million and 2 were over $10 million.
These customers tend to buy multiple products from the ANSYS portfolio. In fact, over 3/4 of these deals included 3 or more of our product lines. This class of customers was a key contributor to our 10% ACV growth in the quarter.
I'm also delighted to announce that in Q1, we broke our previous large deal record, with a 3-year $50 million agreement with a long-standing customer. While I'm not at liberty to mention the customer or the industry, this is yet another indication that our strategy around pervasive simulation is resonating with our customers.
Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance in our various regions. The differences in performance across countries are attributable to the timing of deals and the licensing mix and were as expected coming into the quarter. Details are in the prepared remarks.
But let me take a moment to talk about the progress that we have made in Europe. If you recall, in response to subpar performance in the region, we began 2017 with several important changes in Europe. We saw weakness in Europe in the first half of 2017. And as we had predicted, we did see improved performance in the second half of '17. I'm delighted that this improvement continued in Q1 of this year, with 9% year-over-year revenue growth, including over 15% year-over-year revenue growth in Germany, both in constant currency.
Let me now shift to technology. In Q1, we released ANSYS 19, which included advances across our entire suite of products. ANSYS 19 has become the most downloaded release in the history of the company and reflects our commitment to extending the accuracy and the completeness of our multiphysics solutions.
The strength of our core flagship products continues to drive the growth of our business. However, instead of focusing on our flagship solutions on this call, I'd like to discuss how we are extending our core, as we make simulation pervasive across the product life cycle.
Yesterday, we completed our acquisition of OPTIS, the leading provider of physics-based simulation software for light, human vision and visualization, thus, adding a new physics to the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio.
OPTIS brings both world-class technology and world-class team to ANSYS. They have a strong presence in a few key countries, and have strength in the automotive and high-tech verticals, with an impressive list of customers including industry leaders such as AUDI, BMW, Ferrari, Ford, Honda, Sony, Philips and Nikon.
ANSYS has a long history of quickly and successfully integrating technology companies like OPTIS and scaling them in a financially disciplined manner. This is a hallmark of the ANSYS business model. Our global sales teams and our worldwide channel partners are experts in selling physics-based simulation solutions to customers across geographies and across industries.
The OPTIS products will seamlessly and cost-effectively slot into our existing go-to-market motion. Not only increasing the sales of the OPTIS products in an efficient manner, but also increasing our cross-portfolio solutions sales.
Any discussion of OPTIS naturally leads to autonomous vehicles. As you can imagine, both safety and reliability are vital to delivering this transformational technology to the market. The ANSYS portfolio delivers accurate, high fidelity, physics-based engineering simulation, enabling customers to ensure product performance and reliability while reducing time to market.
Our solutions also include the ability to assess functional safety from software to components, to systems, to the target environment such as an autonomous vehicle driving in traffic.
Sensors are the eyes and the ears of an autonomous vehicle. OPTIS' LIDAR, camera and ultrasonics capabilities, coupled with our existing radar solutions, give ANSYS the most comprehensive sensor solution in the market, bringing together best-of-breed products that cover visible and infrared light, electromagnetics and radar and acoustics.
In other words, ANSYS' customers can use our solutions to design and validate all of the sensors that are critical to autonomous vehicles.
In addition, OPTIS' photo-realistic and virtual reality-based closed-loop platform provides accurate simulation of hundreds of thousands of road, weather and traffic scenarios.
Together with our safety capabilities, ANSYS now has a comprehensive solution for validating the safety and reliability of autonomous vehicles with simulation, a task that would otherwise require billions of miles of road test.
A major European automotive manufacturer, who is an existing customer in both ANSYS and OPTIS, believe that the acquisition will streamline their simulation and testing efforts. OPTIS' VR-based platform, combined with ANSYS' industry-leading simulation, will help them reduce the number of physical prototypes and night tests and create accurate simulations of complicated roads in a virtual environment.
Another key adjacency is additive manufacturing, particularly metal printing, which is transforming the way in which products are manufactured. Last quarter, we announced the acquisition of 3DSIM, a technology tuck-in to help accelerate our additive products.
Integrating 3DSIM's technology into our -- with our existing software, we launched a new product in Q1, ANSYS Additive Print, which is a stand-alone, easy to learn and very powerful solution. This product enables machine operators and additive manufacturing designers to reduce fail builds and trial and error in metal additive manufacturing.
And next week, as part of ANSYS 19.1, we will be releasing ANSYS Additive Suite, which we believe will emerge as the new industry standard simulation solution for additive manufacturing. ANSYS Additive Suite contains all of ANSYS' additive manufacturing technology, including advanced topology optimization, latticing, additive manufactured material microstructure analysis and print process simulation, all integrated into our flagship Workbench environment.
In Q1, Relativity Space, a Space 2.0 company, expanded their use of ANSYS, adding our additive solutions to their existing ANSYS simulation capabilities. Relativity began a journey to develop what could be the world's largest metal 3D printer to print rockets and leveraging the full portfolio of ANSYS flagship tools, they successfully built the printer, printed an engine and fired that engine. ANSYS' streamlined additive manufacturing solution enabled Relativity to iterate designs 10x faster and with 100x fewer parts.
Also in Q1, we formally launched ANSYS Discovery Live to reach product designers, a new audience of users. While we do not expect revenue from this new product to be significant this year, interest has been very strong from both new and long-time ANSYS customers, and we're seeing some early important wins.
For example, Mercury Marine, a world leader in manufacturing marine engines and related equipment, is adopting the Discovery product family to accelerate early design exploration and product optimization. Discovery is helping Mercury to validate new designs and has helped to reduce a 3- to 4-day simulation effort down to a few hours, streamlining new product launches and deliveries.
As I think about the rest of the year, our focus remains on execution. I am delighted by our excellent quarter, and I'm very excited and proud of the progress that we have made over the past year. Our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with customers. Our go-to-market changes have been successfully rolled out. We continue to strengthen our flagship products, and we are extending and expanding our core through acquisitions and organic developments. I am more confident than ever in our markets, in our products, in our team and in our ability to execute.
I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?

Sure. Jay, thanks for the question. So firstly, to your point about the large customer order that we closed in Q1. We're having a lot of success by going into existing customers and broadening and deepening the footprint of our portfolio. In many cases, this is using our technology across different projects or in different areas or just frankly getting more people to take advantage of the technology. So it's fundamentally doesn't change the business model. It doesn't increase the level of services. It doesn't change the way we interact with those customers. So we are continuing in a manner that's consistent with the way that we've historically been engaging with these customers so that we're able to sell more. Obviously, there is an investment in these accounts, and that's the point about the field engineering or the presales activity that we talked about last year. And as we mentioned during our Investor Day, we have -- we're looking at enterprise accounts a little bit differently from a territory account. And within the enterprise accounts, we're allocating additional resources for presales, and that's what's driving some of these cross-portfolio successes. So the investments that we are making -- that we have made and that we identified are paying off. The business model is very consistent with what we historically had. So that's the first piece of it. The second one was -- the second part of your question was, in terms of our R&D priorities, have these essentially -- have we made progress across these adjacencies? Absolutely. We -- I talked in the call about Discovery Live. I talked about 3DSIM. I talked about autonomous. We've continue to make progress with these acquisitions across all of them. And equally in the digital twin space, and I didn't talk about that in the call, but we certainly made progress along -- across those. So those reflect the adjacencies to our core business. We're continuing to invest in them. We see those as growth opportunities. And we feel confident that our approach is the right approach for us in the market right now.

Sure. Look, we had -- we made significant changes last year, both in terms of leadership and the way that we're restructuring the European region. And obviously, those changes take a while to settle down, which is essentially what you saw last year. And we're seeing significantly better performance and engagement. And we see this systemically as we start to look at things like pipeline. But we also see this when we look at large customer engagements, when we look at customer deal reviews, when I sit down with the team, when I sit down with Rick and his leaders. You can see that level of engagement increasing within Europe. Obviously, last year was a little bit weaker relative to -- from a performance perspective. So we're seeing a year-over-year benefit from the fact that we had some, I would say, pent-up demand that we were not in the position to -- or effectively capturing last year. So I'm very excited about the performance. It's really hard for me to say, this percentage comes from economic improvements, this percentage comes from our improved execution. All I can say is our execution is definitely getting better. The teams are executing well. The customers, they're excited about our solution. And frankly, we have, in my opinion, the best solutions in the market. As far as where we are, I mean, this is a journey, as you know, transforming any region, it takes time. But we're well along the way. And what I've mentioned earlier, last year that we should expect to see improvement and recovery at the latter part of 2017 into 2018 and beyond, and we're on the track that we expected, perhaps a little bit ahead.

Sure. In terms of early traction. As I've said, it's still early days for some of these adjacencies. If you look at Discovery Live as an example, we've had a lot of customer interest and we've had downloads, we've had customer engagements and we've had some important customers who have purchased the product, and I mentioned one of them on the call. But that being said, that's coming off a 0 dollar base. And when you're a billion-dollar-plus company, it isn't that material as you start to think about an individual product line that's brand new. So we're very excited about it, but it's still relatively early in the process. If you look at additive, I mentioned again a customer who's been using our technologies to support additive, but we're releasing right now in this quarter our next generation of our additive solutions. We think it's going to be a very strong solution. We're very excited about it. We're engaged in active conversations. And frankly, evaluations with a number of customers, both existing customers as well as new opportunities. But again, it's still relatively new. With autonomous and the automotive space, there I would say our conversations are pretty exciting. We get -- every time we talk to customers about the holistic offering that we can bring to market, we get a lot of positive feedback from our customers. And we are engaged actually with some important customers in solutions around autonomous, in particular, in the automotive space. Although the technology [ gives ] usable, not just in automotive, in other autonomous vehicles as well. The OPTIS acquisition here really makes an incremental improvement to our overall capability because, as you know, for the sensor business in the autonomous space, you're not just relying on electromagnetics and radar, you're relying also on camera and LIDAR, and maybe ultrasound. And frankly, with OPTIS coming on board, we now have that, as I said in my script, we now have a comprehensive solution that goes across all of these different sensor modalities. So I'm expecting more engagement. And one of the reasons why we're so excited about this acquisition is it fits so well into the ANSYS go-to-market routes. We already have many conversations taking place with customers around autonomous. And in some cases, we have sales, in some cases, we have advanced discussions. In some cases, we have early prospects. The OPTIS technology [ will flow ] straight in and will drive it forward. The other interesting thing is our channel partners you find are very excited about some of the directions that we're going, both in terms of additive as well as in terms of autonomous. And of course, with Discovery, we have channel partners, in some cases, who have spun up individual organizations that are trying to focus on the go-to-market around Discovery as well. So I would say it's still early stages, a lot of action, a lot of activity. But as I said -- in earnings day or Investor Day last year, the whole idea here is we have our core business -- our core business is powering through, it's driving our business forward, it's driving our growth. But these are incremental areas we're making investments, and these investments will kick in some this year, but more next year and more the year after and more the year after that. So we are building the long -- we're expanding and growing the long-term franchise and the success of the company.

So -- when we think about the engagement with customers, you have to consider our go-to-market. And we've taken a very thoughtful approach to expanding our go-to-market. We have tens of thousands of customers around the world, and some of these customers tend to be very small transactional in nature, some of them tend to very deep and require -- and spend enormous amounts of money -- these are the largest customers in the world. And so we've taken, as we mentioned, we were going to in our Investor Day, we've taken a thoughtful segmented approach to the go-to-market. That includes an enterprise, a global enterprise team that includes regional teams which deal with strategic and territory accounts, include -- and then we have an inside sales organization in the region and then of course we have channel partners who engage and address -- many of them address customers that we would never -- we have never talked to and we don't have a relationship with, but they have a relationship, and they extend our footprint. In some cases, we work on a sell-through wave with channel partners. And in some cases, we work with channel partners in accounts. So we have a nuanced relationship with the channel partners as well. So that's -- it's a pretty broad go-to-market. Where we are investing in our technical sales organization is to engage at the highest level in customers, with the largest customers, the enterprise customers, with some of the larger strategic customers. In many cases, there's a pre-sales activity where we are able to explain to the customers how our technology would be relevant to solving some of their most challenging problems. In many cases, it's not any more a question of, Gabriela, just a single physics, whereas previous sales may have been just around fluids or just around electronics, or just around mechanical. In many cases, customers are thinking about multiphysics, and we need to explain how the multiphysics solutions can be deployed. So there's -- so that's how that comes in. In many cases, customers are buying or are contracting with us to provide mentoring experts. So they pay us, and place them on their site to help them solve their problems at a greater level of detail. So -- and that's sort of a solution selling process. So we don't see sales cycles short -- we don't see sales cycles lengthening. It's not like there's any fundamental change in the sales cycle because what's happening is essentially customers are taking advantage of our existing technology in the flow of what they've historically been doing. The sales cycles aren't elongated because we have to be consistent with the way in which they're building their product or their product life cycle and the natural ebbs and flows of their product life cycle. So that's what we've historically done. It's no different from what we've historically done, and we've been able to sort of engage in the same way, even as we talk to some of these larger enterprise customers. And of course, you see the results. Last year, I talked about a $45 million deal. This quarter, we talked about a $50 million deal. We talked about a couple of deals over $10 million this year. So you certainly see that in the results, and the way that sales organization is engaging. I hope that helps.

We don't really talk about pipeline on this -- by geography. Certainly, we don't talk about this in public. Obviously, our total pipeline is strong and it's -- because of the strength of the pipeline that we feel very positively about the business for this year. And that's -- there really isn't any more color to add other than what Maria said which is that, in the second half of the year, that's when you'll expect to see some of the larger deals. Those larger deals tend to be North America and European based, some of them tend to be sort of electronics and semiconductor in nature as well. But that's sort of the larger deal. And so Q2 tends to be -- Q2 is -- it doesn't have any as we see it right now, any monster deals in place. But that's kind of how the total pipeline looks.

Well, we've continued to see strength in the automotive. As you can see from our breakdown by industry, we've continued to see growth in the automotive sector. And that, frankly, is being driven by a number of factors, the most important of which is, of course, the electronification of the car. And so we're getting engaged. Historically, we were engaged in things like -- in structures and fluid dynamics and combustion and so forth and aerodynamics. Those traditional areas of engagement have now been supplemented with new areas of engagement, and we talk about chip package system. We talk about antenna placement on the vehicle. As you think about onboard electronics, we're doing functional safety analysis now comprehensively with our medini solutions. We are generating embedded software for the automotive space. We're working with the supply chain on semiconductors for the automotive space. And of course, with OPTIS, we now have optical simulation and autonomous simulation capabilities that add to our existing portfolio. So we continue to go, if you will, or have technologies that address some of the new challenges that they have. And that's reflected in the way that these automotive companies are engaging with us, moving from a history of just structures and then structures and fluids, now to the broader full suite of our offerings.

There's a couple of companies that have -- that look at light. But what's interesting about what OPTIS is, OPTIS takes a physics-based approach towards light. And so they look at incremental technology -- they're bringing incremental technology into the ANSYS portfolio that's very consistent with our physics-based approach. So you'll see a couple of companies out there that do license, frankly. Synopsys acquired one of those companies a few years ago, and so they have a business around light. Some of the light work is around sort of lighting, where you're looking at how the appearance of light is to the human eye in a simulated environment. And some of it is a -- but what's interesting about OPTIS and what we think is unique about OPTIS is OPTIS has some really great technology that allows us to move into the autonomous space. Because it's not just about the sensing of light, it's now about the use of objects and -- that's the same technology in sensors, so for camera and for LIDAR, which changes the market opportunity from sort of a traditional illumination market into a much broader market, that includes the autonomous space. So that's what's unique about OPTIS, and that's why we're so excited about OPTIS.

I'm not quite sure exactly the question that you're asking. But if you're asking, can we take advantage -- or do we work with customers who are building GPUs and looking at different processor technologies? Absolutely, the answer is yes. If you're asking, do we take advantage of the GPU in simulation solutions? The answer is absolutely yes, we do that too.

I believe that the answer is yes. And so yes, we are equally capable to address both GPU and CPU. I mean, obviously, as you know, we made some investments in our SeaScape architecture, and that's resulted in some of the next generation of our semiconductor products which are based on Big Data analytics, which allow us to deal with the some of the massive scalability that we're seeing in these next-generation processor chips, whether they be GPUs or CPUs for that matter. And as a result of that, we can essentially reduce the time that is needed to be able to do [ sign-off ]. I mean, when you're dealing with billions of transistors that you might find, for example, in some of the largest GPUs, we can certainly do that using RedHawk-SC. So we are -- we feel very confident that we have the ability to support our customers as they're looking at both -- looking at these next-generation GPUs, which could be very sophisticated in terms of transistor account. And in fact, if you just think about it, 9 out of the top 10 mobile CPU and GPU companies have invested in RedHawk-SC for their next-generation design.

Well, we are very excited about our business as hopefully as come through in both our script as well as our responses. I think the business is off to an excellent start for the year. We built on the really strong year last year. And frankly, we're investing in the business to build the foundations for sustained growth, as we've discussed. We continue to have investments that we need to make. We continue to have markets, frankly, which are looking very positive for us where we need to tap the markets, we need to bring new technology in place. We will continue to look at incremental M&A as makes sense within our business. So we want to get to that endpoint -- that point where we have the sustained business momentum, where we have sustained double-digit growth. And I think we still have some work to do. We are focused on our 2020 objectives, we're not changing those objectives, we're not bringing them in. But I have to say, I'm very excited about the performance of the business so far. And I'm very excited about how the team has responded to some of the challenges that we've put in front of them.

So in terms of the pricing, it really depends on the packaging of Discovery Live. It can vary from the -- [indiscernible] generally speaking, on average approximately in order of magnitude less than our flagship products. But of course, there's an order of magnitude, more customers than our flagship products. We think our customers or the users of Discovery Live will fit into 2 major categories. They'll be larger accounts, traditional customers of ours, where they're moving simulation more broadly outside of the traditional group that's been using simulation to the designers. And Discovery fits in -- directly into our existing go-to-market motion into those customers, where these guys will -- where our sales team will be able to engage with the same individuals with whom they've been engaged with for years, and be able to sell Discovery into that. And we're seeing -- we're certainly seeing that happen, we're seeing that in the pipeline, we're seeing that in the activity in the field. So that's one go-to-market motion to one class of customers. There's a second class of customers. Well, frankly, new to ANSYS, these are people who are -- may not necessarily have used simulation that much, may have learned about simulation, may have -- these may be smaller organizations. And that lends itself to the channel as well as to inside sales. And in some cases, it's our existing channel and in some cases, this might be new channel partners because they're reaching down to a level that's below where ANSYS has historically been playing. And in that situation, you have a different go-to-market that we're developing, that's [ rapid ] around the inside sales on the channel partner. Both of those are important routes to market for us. And we're evaluating the level of activity across both of those go-to-markets.

Well, I think the thing to realize is that in many cases, we're fortunate that our products kind of work without the need for a major services in a customer. So we don't need to place a lot of people into a customer environment to make a product work. The products kind of work. They do what they're supposed to do and they work. In some cases, we have embedded experts who can help our customers pull together maybe an integrated workflow or figure out how you can drive some of these connections across multiple physics. And we charge for those. So those are not free resources. We charge for those and these are skilled individuals, and we charge an appropriate and commensurate price for those -- the time for those skilled individuals, and of course, we have some customers maybe who need a little bit more. And in many cases, our channel partners are able to provide the services that's around -- that might be at -- and they can certainly manage a different margin structure within the context of our channel partners. And we have channel partners of course around the world. And they all have different business models. But no, no, we are not trying to build a big services business here. The embedded experts really help and facilitate the adoption of our technology. And we feel that the embedded experts also give us direct customer access on an ongoing basis. But it's very much on as needed occasional basis. This is not a pervasive deployment of people within our accounts.

I'd like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And frankly, a big shout out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you, guys, for all your efforts and thank you so much for another fantastic quarter. For everyone else, thank you so much for joining the call today. I look forward to our next call, and please enjoy the rest of your day.