Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Thanks to strong execution, ANSYS delivered Q2 revenue, operating margin and earnings that exceeded the high end of our guidance. Our Q2 results illustrate the close relationships we have built with our customers, which were important as the overwhelming majority of our business in Q2 was transacted remotely. 
That included 2 notable sales. First, we closed the largest total contract in our 50-year history at almost $100 million, with an existing customer in the automotive and ground transportation space. This customer is standardizing on ANSYS solutions for multi-physics, additive manufacturing, electrification and digital twin to develop great products faster and more affordably.  
Our second notable deal was our largest new business professional agreement, which was driven by our flagship HFSS for electro-magnetics and LS-DYNA for explicit analysis. This $12 million agreement with a major high-tech company had been forecasted for the second half of the year. But based on the customer's evolving needs and strong sales execution, we were able to sign the contract in Q2. That contract was the primary contributor to our Q2 revenue coming in over the high end of our guidance.  
Turning to our performance by industries. Q2 played -- largely played out as we had expected. We saw little to no reduction in demand in the high-tech and semiconductor vertical, which included the $12 million new business deal that I have already mentioned. Similarly, the defense segment remains relatively stable due to its focus on technology to support national security.  
For example, in Q2, we closed a 7-figure multiyear deal with a European defense contractor. Even while many manufacturing plants were idle due to COVID, the automotive industry is continuing its investment in R&D. In particular, OEMs and their supply chains continue to rely on simulations for emerging solutions and electrification and autonomy. Our optical solutions were adopted by a North American autonomous electric vehicle developer and by an Asian automotive OEM to advance their ADAS programs. Also in Asia, Tier 1 automotive supplier, DENSO, signed a 3-year multimillion-dollar deal to adopt ANSYS solutions for automotive parts development for electrification and autonomy.  
Our Q2 performance by geography was as we expected, with North America leading the way. North America has our largest installed base of enterprise customers, with a number of them due to renew their leases in 2020. We are seeing a high renewal rate for those leases, and are expanding on them by attaching new product sales. However, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks document, we saw a slowdown in the SMB space across all our major geographies as we had predicted in our last earnings call.  
Despite the uncertain economic times, companies are continuing their investments in R&D. As we have previously discussed, R&D is typically the initiative least impacted by budget cuts and the first restored, primarily because it drives future growth and market success. Customers view simulations and the key component of R&D, a force multiplier that helps them drive both top line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings.  
Furthermore, the pandemic has limited access to labs for some customers, making simulations even more important than ever. Some other customers have struggled with remote access to corporate data centers and are taking advantage of ANSYS Cloud to give their engineers access to high-performance compute capacity. For example, our customer, Coca-Cola, is reporting that ANSYS Cloud is dramatically reducing the time required for simulations, making its engineers working from home even more productive than when they were in the office. Our inaugural Simulation World virtual conference clearly illustrated the importance of simulations to customers and prospects across industries. More than 55,000 registrants from around the world signed up to learn how companies, such as Ferrari, HPE, Honeywell, Siemens, Ford, Seagate and Bosch are using ANSYS simulation to develop their next-generation products.  
They also heard from our partners, including Microsoft, PTC, Autodesk and Rockwell Automation. Simulation World demonstrated the power of digital transformation and the key role that simulation plays in making our customers' digital transformation is successful.  
Our customers continued reliance on simulation. Along with our proven ability to close even the largest deals remotely, gives us confidence as we forecast the second half of the year. We have increased our guidance to reflect currency changes, improved cash flow and our EPS overachievement in Q2. Maria will give you the details in a few minutes.  
Moving to our product successes. We recently released Ansys 2020 R2. This innovative release helps distributed engineering teams accelerate innovation by harnessing new streamlined workflows and dynamic capabilities across our multiphysics product suites. Some of the many highlights of R2 include: a streamlined fluids workflow to simulate capacity fade and cell life in Fluent; integration of solver capabilities from LS-DYNA into our mechanical interface; the ability to solve over 100 million unknowns in a single simulation while delivering a nearly 10x increased solution size in our electromagnetics flagship product, HFSS; a new electrothermal option in our semiconductor solution, RedHawk-SC, which uses our big data platform to solve coupling of various structures on over 1 billion instances concurrently; and platform upgrades that empower engineers to rapidly process and finalize their designs through cloud-based high-performance computing.  
As part of our Ansys 2020 R2 launch, we also unveiled our next-generation upfront simulation solution, Ansys Discovery. With built-in seamless connection to ANSYS flagship products, Discovery now empowers all engineers to explore large -- larger design spaces and quickly answer critical design questions early, resulting in improved ensuring productivity and product quality.  
Our partner, PTC, has embedded Discovery into CAD solution, Creo Simulation Live. On its recent earnings call, PTC announced the closing of its first 7-figure Creo Simulation Live deal with a large U.S. government agency as well as the closing of 10 follow-on expansion deals.  
As the product continues to build momentum, PTC is planning new marketing programs to support sales. We have partnered with Microsoft, Dell, GE and Lendlease to form the Digital Twin Consortium. Physics-based digital twin technology enables companies to head off problems before they occur, prevent unplanned downtime, improve the customer experience and drive innovation and performance. This consortium will build an ecosystem of digital twin users, drive best practices and define requirements for new digital twin standards across industries.  
Due to our deep commitment to encouraging innovation at all levels, Fast Company has once again named ANSYS as one of the best workplaces for innovators. Working with Accenture, Fast Company recognized ANSYS for giving employees the freedom to explore the ideas that benefit our customers and the communities we serve.  
Turning to our recent moves and M&A. We started Q2 with our acquisition of Lumerical, which enables ANSYS customers to predict the behavior of light within complex photonic devices, structures and systems. By integrating Lumerical's photonics products with our semiconductor and optical suites, designers can accurately predict the impact of both nanoscale and macroscale optics for automotive displays, autonomous vehicles, augmented reality and even the development of cosmetics.  
Our acquisition of LSTC continues to play a key role in expanding our solution footprint with customers around the world. In Europe, our channel partner, DYNAmore, inked an important deal with BMW to adopt ANSYS LS-DYNA for virtual crash testing, replacing an incumbent competitor. And in Asia, a major global automotive OEM continued its investment in LS-DYNA as the product of choice for crash safety analysis.  
This is exciting news coming just months after we closed the acquisition of LSTC. 
Finally, I'm proud that ANSYS has been named one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work by the San Francisco Business Times and the Silicon Valley Business Journal. This recognition is a testament to our diverse and inclusive culture, which incorporates valuable perspectives and background to solve complex challenges for our customers.  
To summarize, Q2 was a strong quarter, highlighted by great execution across the board, thanks to our global team of dedicated employees and channel partners. Despite the economic uncertainties, our customers know that ANSYS' simulation technologies help them solve their most vexing product challenges, whether they're working in a corporate research lab or using the cloud from their home offices. They know that ANSYS simulation delivers both top line revenue growth and significant cost savings. And they know that ANSYS simulation will position them for future growth and market success.  
Our ability to close business and to support our customers, even if they work remotely, gives us confidence to deliver against our objectives for the second half of the year.  
And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q2 as well as the details around our outlook and the assumptions for the remainder of 2020. Maria?

And just to add a little bit more color on the recruiting. We are hiring people, of course, across the company. You saw, as Maria said, with Lumerical, we got a number of R&D, very skilled executive -- employees who joined the company. And we've also been recruiting in our ACE organization and our shared services team. So we're really recruiting across all of the different functions in the areas -- the strategic areas that we have talked about in the past. And so we're continuing to execute against the longer-term plans that we've put in place and that we've discussed with you earlier.

Well, I think it's -- Jackson, it goes to the point that I've been making all along. As you consider our relationship with our customers, we have built over the decades very deep relationships with our customers, and they rely on us for the areas that are most important to them, specifically in the areas of R&D and the creation of new products. 
And even as we're seeing in certain parts of the economy and certainly, automotive is a great example where there is some short -- where there is a demand challenge that you're seeing in -- and you're seeing slowdowns, and you're seeing shutdowns in plants. What's really important to recognize and certainly, automotive companies recognize as well, is that as we come out of the pandemic, investment in R&D is what allows them to maintain their edge as they come out of this. 
And so that's it. It's a commitment to R&D. It's a commitment to the long-term success of their business. And it's a recognition that simulation, what we provide, is absolutely essential. It's a force multiplier, as I said in my comments. It's a force multiplier to their R&D initiatives. So this is one thing. 
The other thing is I think that when you consider people working from home or rethinking the digital nature of their product processes and exactly what it means now to be able to take all of your employees and have them be effective from home, it becomes even more important to consider that digital transformation. And in our opinion, there isn't a pure representation of the digital behavior of the product and simulation. That is the essence of the digital behavior of a product. 
And again, our customers recognize this. And as you start to see this transition and the understanding that digital transformation and the understanding of how to take advantage of digital technologies is going to be essential for product development in the future, I think that plays into our sweet spot. So it's customer relationships, it's the importance of simulation. It's the nature of the businesses that our customers that are running. All of those are important.

So let me take the first question, and then Maria will take the second question. So with respect to your comment about the capacity, as I said before, this was a customer who's a long-time customer of ours, and we have a long-standing relationship with this customer, both at the executive level as well as the technical level. And so we're very comfortable both in our ability to be able to provide the products and to support our customer through this next generation of their usage of our technology. So this is -- we don't anticipate any challenges or any concerns in our ability to support our customers. 
As I said, the areas that they're standardizing on, obviously, it's a multiphysics deal. I've mentioned the additive use of that in manufacturing. I mentioned electrification. I mentioned digital twins. I did not mention SPDM, but yes, SPDM was also part of that particular relationship. 
So as I said, long standing customer, we're very confident about our ability to support that customer. Maria?

So Matt, as we said, this was an example where -- and what Coke referred to was the fact that their engineers were more productive than they might have been in their data centers, and that's reflective of the fact that the Cloud provides them with access to the latest hardware. They're not necessarily -- in general, it provides engineers with access to the latest hardware. They're not tied to whatever investments may have been made in the data centers of -- at the time that the data centers were set up or at the time that they were updated. So there's some real advantages to being able to take advantage -- to use the Cloud. And certainly, as people and engineers are trying to get access to cloud technology from -- or access to simulation activity from wherever they may be working from home from remote locations, certainly, we see the cloud as being important. 
You have to recognize, of course, that our customers have made, in many cases, significant investments in data centers, and they continue to take advantage of those data centers. And many of our customers have built in place a working model where you have engineers in remote locations accessing their data centers remotely to be able to take advantage of our technologies. 
So it's a mix. I mean, they're taking advantage of cloud technology. Sometimes they're using on-premises, sometimes they'll use a hybrid. We certainly do expect to see an acceleration in the use of cloud technology and certainly, the acceleration of use of ANSYS Cloud as a result of this pandemic. There is no question that, that will be the case. However, it is off a small base, as we've said to you before, and our -- and we have a very long tail in terms of the investment that our customers have made in HPC. So you should factor all of that when you consider the dynamic in the marketplace.

Well, Ken, if I talk about larger deals, as an example, you'll see that the U.S. has a number of large customers. And certainly, if you start to look to the second half of the year, we do have some renewals from these larger customers, and that, obviously, also causes us to look to the U.S. in terms of driving activity. And part -- as we look to the second half of the year, we also do have some larger transactions that we're expecting from Europe as well. So we're expecting some larger activity in the second half of the year from the EMEA team as well. 
So North America, generally speaking, much larger number of large deals, spread more over the Europe. There are some large deals more towards the second half of the year.

So let me address the question about Discovery. As I said in the script earlier, and if you -- if you listened to our launch last week, you probably would have seen that we -- when we launched Discovery, the current version of Discovery, it is an improvement over the previous version in that we have seamless connections into our flagship solvers. So not only have we made a number of improvements to the Discovery Live version as well, we've built these seamless connections and the UI has been -- and the interface has been completely revamped as well. So it's a very interesting -- we think it's a very exciting product, and it brings together the notion of interactive modeling, it brings together real time simulation, and it brings together the accuracy of the ANSYS flagship solvers into one end-user experience that we think is radically easy to use. 
So we're very excited about this technology. The reason, obviously, we've made these enhancements is because we're getting feedback from customers, and we're evolving the technology. So we see this as being -- as certainly helping our ability to continue to sell and be successful in the marketplace. 
I also mentioned, as we're talking about Discovery, I also mentioned our partner, PTC and the success that they're seeing with their OEM of Discovery into Creo Simulation Live. So we're seeing continued trials and adoption of Discovery. We're excited about the product line. It is, as I said, and as I've been very careful to caution all of you, it is off a very small base. It's a new product in a conservative market. But we're very excited about the product and the capabilities and similarly excited about our relationship with PTC.

Thank you. With our strong execution, coupled with a diverse customer base, Q2 has once again demonstrated the strength and the resilience of the ANSYS business. 
I would like to really thank the global ANSYS team, including our employees, our channel partners and our other strategic partners for their continued dedication and their passion in helping our customers develop the best products in the market that are making simulation pervasive. 
And thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Be safe, and enjoy the rest of your day.