Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today, while we're definitely living in extraordinary times. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed the way we all live, work and engage with one another. While the crisis will likely continue to impact our lives in the weeks and months ahead, one thing we can be highly certain of, we'll get through this. 
So this morning, I'll discuss our performance before the crisis hit, the impact the crisis has had and our role in it and the actions we are taking to mitigate the impact going forward. And then Mark will provide more detail on the first quarter results and our financial position.  
Our financial performance in the first quarter was off to a strong start in January and February. Through February year-to-date, total revenues grew more than 4%. Total revenues grew more than 6%. And even after adjusting for the calendar benefit and favorable weather in the first 2 months of the year, organic volume grew more than 4%. However, in March, social distancing and shelter-in-place measures were instituted to combat the spread of COVID-19, and we began to see substantial declines in our business. In the last 2 weeks of the quarter, we experienced a reduction of volumes in excess of 40%. We saw the impact across all metropolitan markets, not just in hotspots like New York City.  
In April, volume declines continue to intensify as we are seeing signs that volume declines are bottoming out at around 50% to 60%. As you know, Quest Diagnostics has played a pivotal role and bringing COVID-19 testing capacity to the nation. Since we launched COVID-19 testing with a molecular laboratory developed test performed at our advanced diagnostic laboratory in San Juan Capistrano, California, we have performed and reported results of nearly 1 million tests to providers and patients across the United States. This is approximately 1/4 of all testing done in the United States. 
We continue to provide testing for -- from 12 laboratories. Through these laboratories, we're now able to perform more than 50,000 COVID-19 tests per day. We have also eliminated our backlog with a current turnaround time of 1 to 2 days and less than 1 day for priority hospital patients. We have maximized our output by effectively managing the global supply chain. This has enabled us to have sufficient supplies to collect specimens for patients, run our test and also protect our employees. This has been a team effort that requires great deal of collaboration.  
Since early March, we've been in regular contact with the federal government and state and local governments. And this has happened at all levels. We're working closely together with our payers, IVD manufacturers, retailers and other trade associations to bring as much testing capacity as possible to the American people.  
We've also joined forces with Walmart to make our drive-through testing sites available to anyone who may be exhibiting symptoms of the virus as well as all health care workers and first responders, whether or not they are exhibiting symptoms. We're currently operating approximately 10 sites in 5 states and have line of sight to approximately 20 locations by the end of the month. There are no out-of-pocket costs for testing at these sites. We're also supporting state and local government COVID-19 testing efforts across the country.  
Finally, we're pleased to see CMS decide to increase the reimbursement for high throughput molecular COVID-19 testing to $100 last week. This is a strong recognition of the vital role laboratories are playing to support the nation's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we hope to see other payers follow CMS' lead. 
As we look to the next phase of managing the virus, we've begun to perform antibody testing, which could be useful in improving our understanding of infection rates in a certain area as well as providing a likely indication of immunity for an individual. Antibody testing, also known as serology testing, is a blood-based test. We're moving from a testing pilot in which we initially supported a handful of hospitals and health systems to making the test available to all of our customers nationwide using a variety of test platforms.  
By mid-May, we anticipate having the capacity to perform over 200,000 antibody tests per day. So I'm very proud of how our quest colleagues have stepped up in so many ways. There are so many heroes at Quest, from our scientific and medical staff who have quickly brought up and validated new test, to our operations teams, to our procurement teams, to our frontline phlebotomist, couriers, pilots and specimen processors. And we've taken extra precautions to protect our employees. With mandatory temperature checks at our labs and require use of protective equipment such as gloves, lab coats, masks, face shields, all this very dependent on circumstances.  
Our employees take pride in the work because so many Americans depend on the insights our testing delivers to make decisions to improve care. These efforts for all of us are inspiring. COVID-19 testing is critical to managing the pandemic and while the volume of testing is substantial, is that nearly enough to offset the reductions we're seeing in the rest of our business. During this difficult time, we're managing the business for the realities of today and to assure its long term health. While we cannot say with precision, what the overall impact the COVID-19 pandemic will have in our business, we do know it will have significant impact, and we are taking actions to mitigate that impact. At the end of March, we withdrew our full year 2020 outlook because we no longer had confidence in the outlook we provided in January. And we have taken a series of temporary actions to manage our workforce costs and conserve cash to support the business and to navigate our way through this pandemic.  
This started with a 25% pay cut for me and reductions for salaried employees ranging from 20% for the most senior executives to 5% depending on level. Each of the members of our company's Board of Directors will forgo 25% of their cash compensation. These pay reductions will be in place for 12 weeks. We've also suspended contributions to our 401(k) and deferred compensation plans through the remainder of the year. We've approved furloughs for more than 5,500 employees or approximately 12% of our workforce, whose work has diminished and who also have indicated an interest to us. We've reduced hours for nonexempt employees where possible and as necessary, and then finally, we reduced overtime, froze hiring, promotions and dismissed temporary and contract workers.  
We're taking a balanced approach to implement these difficult measures. We also want to maintain flexibility because we know when the crisis ends, our volumes will begin to recover, and we'll need our colleagues more than ever. This is a challenging time for all of us and in response to that, we've established an employee relief fund for those colleagues who need assistance. Importantly, none of these changes will impact our ability to deliver critical COVID-19 testing.  
Now I'd like to cover a few other topics, the passage of the CARES Act, the M&A environment and some early thoughts on how the lab industry may evolve in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act became law in late March, delivering much needed stimulus to the country as we battle this crisis. The stimulus package included a number of benefits for Quest and other health care providers. 
First, the act provided coverage for critical COVID-19 testing at no out-of-pocket costs for nearly all patients. Second, regarding PAMA, the CARES Act suspended the PAMA price cuts that had been scheduled for 2021.  
In addition, the new round of data collection has been delayed another year into the first quarter of 2022, and we'll continue to use data from the first quarter of 2019. This is important as it allows ample time to implement the recommendations of the MedPAC study to identify a better way to collect the data that reflects private market rates as Congress initially intended. 
Third, the act appropriates $100 billion to health care providers for expenses or lost revenues that are attributed to COVID-19. Quest received approximately $65 million from the initial tranche of the $30 billion distributed to providers earlier this month.  
Finally, Medicare sequestration will be suspended from May to December this year. This 8-month sequestration holiday will afford us a small benefit. 
Now turning to the M&A environment. We continue to make progress. We're pleased that we completed the Memorial Hermann transaction as well as its integration phase, and this is an important complex relationship with a very prominent health care system. There are other transactions in the pipeline that we were very close to announcing before the crisis. While they are on hold, our strong conviction is that these discussions will resume, which will be in the third quarter and will be a very good position at that point to complete those transactions. And then finally, I'd like to share some thoughts on industry dynamics postcrisis. Given the many challenges that hospitals will face, we expect many to be open to discussions about Quest and how we could help them achieve their lab strategy.  
At the same time, we know that many smaller regional labs have had their own challenges. This could produce opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions. If any, the crisis could be an additional catalyst to drive the consolidation we've been forecasting for several years. 
Before I close, I'd just like to say, once again, how proud I am to be part of the Quest team at this historic time. Our employees have stepped up in every way to serve the nation during this time of need. The challenges have brought all of us at Quest closer together, changing the way we work and collaborate, making us stronger as a team. We have become more agile, customer-focused and unified. We will emerge from this crisis stronger with substantial opportunities in front of us.  
Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark who will take you through the results as well as our thoughts on our financial position. Mark?

To summarize, we were very pleased with January and February performance but saw a material decline in the last 2 weeks of March. We are managing the company for the long-term and are taking a series of actions to protect our financial flexibility. Quest has been at the tip of the spear in responding to the crisis, and we will continue to play a critical role in the next phase of containing COVID-19. 
While there is uncertainty in the near term, we look forward to the gradual improving conditions we see in front of us. Eventually, the health care system will start to return to normal. And when that happens, Quest will emerge from the crisis stronger with significant opportunities in front of us.  
Now we'll be happy to take any questions you have. Operator?

Thank you, Ann.

Yes. All right, Ann. All right. So all around antibody testing and serology testing, so as you read our press release yesterday, we launched our broad implementation of serology testing. We actually brought up a week or so ago our first limited LDT laboratory-developed test on the EUROIMMUN platform, and we did that in 2 of our facilities, and we did that for limited customers, hospitals and at-risk individuals. So we have some experience with it. And then second is we brought up our first platform, which is an Abbott platform, and we announced that last night. That platform is in many of our sites, and we'll bring that up quickly. And then we'll have a few other platforms we bring up in the course of April into May, and that will allow us to get to that 200,000 tests per day number by mid-May. Now we've run 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. That's about 1.5 million per week. And so you can think about 6 million per month. Now to answer your questions, we're not stopping there. We've got more capacity in front of us. We are always dependent, though, on the capacity coming out of the IVD manufacturers with the reagents that we need. So somewhat, the limiting factor has less to do with us, meaning, where we have lab capacity, a bit more related to the reagents and the supply chain from our suppliers. So we're working with them as well. So that's what we're willing to say we'll have in the month of May. 
Now how broad would this be? What we announced in our press release and you see the guidance from the FDA, what we do believe are several things. One is, after a certain number of days and the best indication is after 14 days of being infected. The person can have an IgG response. That's the last antibody. And therefore, it is obviously a good measurement that you have been infected in the past. It's important for those individuals that have not been tested and made it -- might have been asymptomatic. So it's another good indication of infection rate within the geography or within a population. That's number one. 
Point #2 is based upon other viruses, we believe that there may be immunity for some period of time. And this is what we need to study. And that's why we have the conditions on our press release that we need to have more evidence, and this is why we needed to do more of it. The vast majority of viruses in the past have had immunity for a period of time. But we need to confirm this with evidence. So with that said, I will share with you we have tremendous interest in both continuation of the molecular testing that has to be done going forward and then second is combining it with serology testing. This is happening at the state level for broad infrastructure needs. You might have seen a new announcement by the state of California, they're going to start to test asymptomatic members -- excuse me, citizens within California.  
Second is employers. We have actually leveraged our capability with our Employer population health business, which we used to call our wellness business, where we have this product called Blueprint for Wellness, and we work with employers. And we've leveraged that now in building on those relationships with employers in their return-to-work programs, Ann. And so that's giving us a nice leverage point. And the return-to-work programs vary by industry. It matters a great deal if you're a manufacturer and you have plants or if you're an office environment or if you're a food processor. So we have a number of engagements going on with employers. And those employers are working with their states and are working with their cities and towns and local communities as they think about what needs to happen within those geographies because there is wide variation that's what's happening with the constraints around return to work and shelter-in-place and schools.  
And then finally, we are working with the states. Many of the states have mounted now task forces to look at what needs to happen next with testing. As I said, California has made now a broader announcement of what they want to do to expand testing. We see this coming from a number of states. We're right in the middle of all those conversations. In fact, yesterday, I did a press conference with the Governor of Connecticut, Governor Lamont, in Connecticut, where we have worked proactively with 1 of our partners, Hartford HealthCare on expanding testing in the state of Connecticut. So as Mark said, there's substantial opportunities in front of us, both for the molecular testing, which has to be done to rule in, rule out COVID-19, and then you couple with the opportunities we see for serology or antibody testing as well for overall surveillance within the population and returning to work. So a good opportunity in front of us.

Yes. Mark?

Yes. Sure. Sure. Let me start, and then Mark will I'm sure, add to it. First of all, Invigorate continues. That's regular cadence and one of our 2 strategies that we have is to drive operational excellence, and a portion of that is our efficiency program, and we continue to look for that 3% of a cost basis for a year. So that hasn't changed. So we continue to work on those programs. And in that regard, one of our flagship programs that we talk about is the new Clifton Laboratory that will allow us to consolidate the footprint to allow us to put in some new platforms, the immunoassay platform we talked about in the past, that project continues. But what I'll say, we're in the process of refreshing our plans because some of those plans might change. So for instance, construction in the state of New Jersey might slip some. So some of those might change. And then secondly, some of the expectations around cost within a given year, in terms of magnitude, might be lower because some of it is volume dependent. However, in terms of percentage, if we're at lower volume levels, they'll be even a higher percentages, given some of this is fixed. So we're refreshing our perspective, but the goal of getting at least 3% of our cost basis for a year still stands. But we haven't provided an absolute number beyond the 3% in the past. So Mark, you'd like to add to it?

Mark, you want to take that?

Let me write it down, Jack.

Yes. So let me start. So on reimbursement, we were really encouraged by CMS upping the rate to $100. We're currently working -- approaching all the commercial insurance companies what their rate will be. And we don't have an answer on that, but we're encouraged that CMS went up, and that's usually an indication that gives us leverage working with the commercial insurance companies. So more to come on that. 
Second, as Mark said, we still do not have the CMS rate for serology testing. That's an important fact for us to establish reimbursement for serology, which would be, as we said, a significant opportunity. As far as scale, I mentioned in my comments, we are driving capacity gains going forward. We're bringing up some new platforms, trying to get some additional units. We're looking for different approaches of how we can get more productivity and more capacity from our existing platforms. And that is on the molecular side, will equally be on the serology side. And we have actually been asked by the White House task force to think creatively, what we can do to expand our capacity beyond what we have done so far. So we're thinking our way through that. As I said, we're right now at 50,000 tests per day, and that's for molecular. We're trying to get plans in place to bring us north of that number, but nothing that we can say at this point, but we're aggressively pursuing it. We are encouraged by what we saw last night come out of The Senate. And hopefully, The House would deliberate, and we'll get the next round of funding, and some portion of that will come to us because we do need to continue to do the testing in this country, and it's so dependent on both tests happening, molecular testing as well as the serology test going forward. So encouraged with the progress we're making, more in front of us. And yes, we will push hard to get more out, and as I said earlier, when I answered the question about capacity on serology, we have to look at the whole supply chain, the front end and the back end. So yes, we have the lab capacity. But one of the issues we had on molecular side is not having the supplies, the swabs in the right places. We actually have shipped out in excess of 1 million swabs, and we haven't resulted in excess of 1 million. So we have some inventory sitting out there. And also on the back end, it's very dependent upon IVD manufacturers, providing us with the reagents and the kits to be able to increase our capacity as well. So we're working with them. And I can tell you, we're getting a lot of help from the task force, the White house, help from the states. Everyone has rolled up to sleeve and trying to get more capacity out there. So there will be more coming, but what we have said so far is what we feel comfortable so far, I would say. Mark, you like to add to that?

Just to remind everyone, there is a difference and hopefully, it's clear between the molecular testing, which requires a health care professional, in most cases to do the specimen collection and in many cases, they're protected with full garb of personal protection equipment so that created a bottleneck of people getting tested. And we've worked on some different approaches to that. Matter of fact, the Walmart sites, we have observed self collection, where actually we have an approved kit from the FDA, where it is a nasal swab, but the person can use that swab themselves but has to be observed by health care professional. But in the case of Walmart, what actually happens is the person drives up. They provide the order to health care worker in those parking lots that aren't nearly as protected as what we needed to do before. They confirm all the information, the health care worker provides information, they close up their window and they do the self collection themselves and it's observed through the window. So that's proven to be highly efficient, and we're looking at other ways of collecting that front-end of molecular side. So that has been a little bit of the bottleneck too on that, and we're improving how we get the specimens. Remember, serology is blood-based, and so it leverages all our infrastructure. And so as you know, we have 12,000 phlebotomists, we have 2,200 patient service centers. We have 4,000 phlebotomists in physicians' offices. And so when this starts to light up, that provides us a nice opportunity to collect those specimens quickly and potentially tag those orders onto other orders that might be coming in from the health care delivery system as health care starts to turn on. So when you think about serology and you think about the front end being much simpler and much more pervasive and leveraging everything we already have, not exceptional, like the molecular test has been so far.

Mark, do you want to start with that one?

Yes. So we've built up a model looking at our business from multiple perspectives. One, Mark said earlier, we have variation by types of clinical franchise business we have, some have declined greater, some have declined less. And we're thinking about why that has happened. And when there is, running back on the health care delivery system, how quickly they will come back up. So that's one. Second is we do have differences between what's happened in the hospital environment and also physician environment. And so as cost will start to change, what they're going to allow back in their doors that will change that is well. And then third, we do see a difference in what's happening by state and by cities. And so we've tracked all of that. And what we have found, as I said in my introductory comments, all metropolitan areas have dropped. Obviously, some of those areas like New York, New Jersey, now Boston is starting to light up, parts of Florida have come in later than the West Coast. So we're tracking all of that. And we're doing that because we're also trying to see when things might start to turn back on. So you start to see some of the individual states starting to loosen up their shelter-in-place and starting to loosen up employers coming back to work. And so we're watching that carefully, so we can kind of indicate where we need to bring back our capacity. And we talked about our cost programs, we've talked about furloughs. I want to make sure it's clear. Our furlough program was a program where we offered it to employees, but they had requested from us, and we had to grant it. And so when we grant out furlough, it allows them to continue their benefits with Quest. It also allows them to collect unemployment and apply to the CARES Act for a weekly stipend. But it also allows us to bring them back. And so they have an obligation to come back when we need them. So as these states start to turn back on, we'll bring back the capacity we need to turn it back on. But we're watching that, Ricky, carefully to understand what's gone down and when do we start to see some recovery by state and by a clinical franchise going forward.

I appreciate it.

Yes. Well, to start with, if you look at the numbers that come out of the White house in their press briefings, we said that we've done over 1 million tests. We're close to 25% of the total country's testing. Obviously, we have better percentages, a higher percentage in certain states due to our broader presence. And some states are really just ramping up. They're testing in a bigger way. If we look at Florida, where we have big presence, that's just really started to light up in a big way. As far as the opportunity in front of us, we're encouraged by the opportunity we see. We're waiting to see how quickly it does ramp up and just what kind of pickup there will be from physicians on serological testing and how fast that ramp will be, but we're building enough capacity to respond to it. And again, a lot of our capacity will be entirely dependent upon the equipment we have and the reagents we get. So if there's more, we're hopeful we can build on what we have, but we are limited by that. So we're going to keep our eye on it, push it as one of the 2 testing categories that should be done to respond to the virus and see how quickly it ramps, and we'll keep you updated as we learn more.

I would say, both. And I think -- as I mentioned earlier, we're working with employers because many employers are trying to understand how they bring back their employees. And there's wide variation of employers. But these employee programs will both test your employees for the virus with the molecular test, and they'll also test them for the antibody test. And we might do those, particularly the antibody test in different types of venues like corporate sponsored events, where we can draw the specimen quickly as we do corporate events day for flu shots or our Blueprint for Wellness program. So we already have that capability of ramping up these corporate programs. And those will be quite different than the traditional way of doing testing that we have through physicians or hospitals today.

Mark, you start the first one, I had a hard time hearing the first question. Mark, did you pick it up?

Yes. We see an opportunity. So if you think about what's happening within the health care provider market were an indication that volumes are down. You have all the data on hospital admissions, you have data on physician visits. You see it reflected in our volumes being down. And so hospitals, and as we all know, 50% of physicians now are employed by hospital systems are going to be struggling as they enter this quarter, and we'll be looking at opportunities to become more efficient, reduce their costs, generate some cash. And so we believe there could be an opportunity for us to continue our consolidation strategy in the back half of the year as more of these systems and some of those dialogues we've had for years, maybe, become more active now because they're now more likely to think about creative ways that they can work with a company like Quest on their lab strategy. So we think that could be another catalyst for consolidation. And as you know, this is also a fragmented industry. There's other regional and specialty laboratories. And it also might bring us another opportunity for us to consolidate. So we believe this is a good opportunity in the long-term for us to continue our strategy of accelerating our growth and consolidating the marketplace. And in the short term, it's difficult. But in the mid-to-long term, we think it could be yet another opportunity to do what we said we wanted to do.

No. The only thing I'll add is what I just said earlier, there is going to be a lot of pent-up demand from patients. And Mark said, there's been a lot of physician office visits that have been canceled postponed and delayed. And so they will start to come back to the system. When that will be, will vary by city and by state. And that's what I said earlier in the comments, we're tracking all that. So one could think later in the quarter, you start to see some recovery. There will also be those physicians' offices and those hospital systems want to bring back in those patients as well. So we're actually going to do a survey of our customers to get a perspective of what they're thinking about when they turn back on their offices or open up their offices with extended hours, extended workdays, I think people are now thinking that the summer won't be the same summer. July and August won't be the heavy vacation period. So we're watching all that. But as Mark said, too early and too much uncertainty around it for us to give you anything more than we've provided, but we're keeping our eyes on it closely.

Yes, absolutely. Our strategy to accelerate growth continues. One of those strategies is to continue to build our Advanced diagnostics platform. Again, that's all genetics and molecular.  The acquisition that we did complete early this year, it was a nice platform capability acquisition. We feel good about this -- that company coming into Quest Diagnostics. The integration is going well. There's a lot of opportunities in front of us with a genetic based testing, and our plans for that do not change given the crisis that we have.

Yes. So we've been working with all the telehealth providers and platforms, and there's many different models, as you know. So we do see that as another channel, if you will, or another type of capability of health care provision.  And this crisis has burned some of those models in and established some credibility and some comfort with patients. And so we do believe that will become a larger percentage of our of our volume. And when you have those engagements, many of you on the call probably have had those engagements, they do order testing, and then it follows the workflow that we have for testing within Quest diagnostics. And then depending upon the model you use and the platform you use, is telemedicine going to be your primary care physician or would they be an adjunct to it, therefore, we have the connectivity to connect back to the EMR in their primary care physician. So good opportunity. We have strong relationships with many of the telehealth platforms, big and small. We actually are always prospecting what new startups and ventures are coming up with new capabilities. There's been a lot of new front-end capabilities, triage capabilities that you see around COVID-19, which has been interesting. Some of which we're very well of -- aware of and have good relations with. So it is changing, and this crisis has brought more visibility to it. So we believe that's a good opportunity for us, and we're very well positioned with those companies going forward.

Yes. What I'll say, Erin, is it can't hurt. This crisis has brought to the forefront the importance of testing. And I never believed when I joined this company over 8 years ago, that we'd be on the front page of every news story in America and all over the media, but we are. So it's much easier now for us to make our case with members of Congress and administration in HSS for the value of testing and the need for us to get fairly reimbursed and also to reinforce the intent of Congress and making sure we get a new process put in place that properly reflects the market rates. So it is actually a very good fact for us. We're going to leverage that. Just to remind everyone, the CARES Act did change the timing. I had -- that was in my prepared remarks. And then second is, we still have the lawsuit going on, which is still happening, and we're hopeful we'll get a decision sometime this year on that.

Yes, Mark, do you want to start on the $65 million?

Yes. And I'll just say the package that was just approved by The Senate last night, we don't have a lot of clarity of any specificity underneath the hood, if you will. And then also, as you know, it's going to be debated in The House. So we'll be watching and giving them input as they refine it. But it is critical to get America turn back on, that we have the resources, and we're properly reimbursed and paid for the work we do. As I said, we are a -- the leader for a portion -- a large portion of the country's testing. And therefore, I would expect that some portion of that money we could tap into as a resource for us. But it's uncertain at this time what it will be and if any.

Yes. So just to give you a scale, again, of -- about our different businesses. Of our business, roughly $1 billion of it before crisis was coming from hospitals. To give you an idea of the scale. And then a $1 billion of our business is related services, like our Population Health business; with employers, our employer drug testing business, our insurance business. And so the remainder is really physician driven, okay? So roughly $6 billion of our $8 billion before crisis was -- is physician driven. And so those referrals are obviously very important because that's where we get the vast majority of our volume.

Sure. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Glad we got everyone's questions, and we appreciate your continued support, and you have a great day.