Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, I'll provide you with the highlights of the quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy, which continues to drive results, and then Mark will provide more detail on second quarter performance. The highlight of the quarter was establishing our long-term strategic partnership with UnitedHealthcare. I'll share more on this relationship in a few minutes. We delivered strong earnings growth in the quarter driven by revenue growth and the benefits of tax reform.
Here are some key highlights from the quarters: revenues were up 3%, despite some headwinds in the marketplace; reported EPS was up more than 14% from 2017; adjusted EPS grew more than 20%. Before I describe the progress we've made, I'd like to provide an update on PAMA. We continued to support efforts by our trade association to implement a market-based laboratory reimbursement schedule. On the legal front, ACLA has sued CMS, and both sides have submitted their briefs to the court. We're awaiting the judge to rule on the briefs or set a date to hear our oral arguments. In the meantime, we continue our outreach efforts to find a legislative solution.
Earlier this month we were pleased to learn that CMS is asking stakeholders to provide comments on how to improve future data collection and reporting periods under PAMA. This is a proper step, since as we've said all along, PAMA's current reporting requirements undermine any effort to establish a sustainable market-based payment model and deliver the care that patients need. But the key will be what CMS does with their requested comments. And moreover, the need for change is now. Changing data collection for the future reporting periods does not undo the harm caused by the flawed data collection process that was used in connection with establishing the current rates.
Turning to the second quarter. We delivered on all 5 elements of our strategy to accelerate growth. The first element of our growth strategies is to grow 1% to 2% through strategically aligned accretive acquisitions. We completed our previously announced acquisition of the Outreach Laboratory Services business of Cape Cod Healthcare in Massachusetts, the leading provider of healthcare services for residents and visitors of Cape Cod. Our integrations efforts from acquisitions completed in 2017 seem to drive revenue growth and our M&A pipeline remained strong.
As we continued our conversations with hospital systems CEOs from around the country, it's clear from those discussions that there is a growing awareness of PAMA and the impact it has on their outreach laboratory business. CEOs are increasingly interested in talking more about how we could help them execute their lab strategy. As you recall, this can involve improving their hospital lab operations, working with us on reference testing and potentially selling their outreach laboratory business to us. In addition to PAMA, hospital CEOs are also seeing the trend in health plans like Aetna and UnitedHealthcare partnering with high-value providers like Quest to reduce laboratory spend and bring down the cost of care.
Under the second element of our growth strategy, we continue to expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems. In May, we announced our long-term strategic partnership with UnitedHealthcare. Beginning on January 1, 2019, Quest will be participating as a national provider of laboratory services for all UnitedHealthcare plan participants. We're excited about this partnership as it includes a broad range of value-based programs, rewarding high quality, easily accessible laboratory services at the best value and real-time data sharing to drive more personalized care.
We are positioning ourselves to being well prepared to provide UnitedHealthcare members with a first-class customer experience. Our commercial team has already begun proactively reaching out to physician customers that elected now will be in network with UnitedHealthcare on January 1. Additionally, we'll be fielding inquiries from customers who are committed to setting us an increasingly share of their UnitedHealthcare patient specimens in 2019. We're delivering on the third element of our growth strategy, which is to offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation. We continue to see strong growth in prescription drug monitoring, QuantiFERON, tuberculosis testing, noninvasive prenatal screening.
In the second quarter, we did experience 3 dynamics which impacted the marketplace. First, the growth we saw in prescription drug monitoring marketplace, although strong, was less than expected because of policy changes proposed by some payers to limit testing. We're engaging directly with these payers to show us the medical necessity of this testing and so far, they've had success getting at least one payer to reverse its policy change.
Second, in the hepatitis C market, we saw faster-than-expected decline in genotyping and resistance testing. This was largely due to the rapid acceptance of AbbVie's hepatitis C therapy, which works across multiple genes and does not require the same level of testing as previous therapies. We still see a tremendous opportunity in hepatitis C screening, Our screening business continues to grow, and we estimate 2/3 of more than 70 million baby boomers still have yet to be screened. Finally, on vitamin D testing, it did slow in the quarter due to increased reimbursement denials. We're working with payers and providers to ensure the appropriate testing is being performed for patients who need it.
We continue to make strong progress executing the fourth element of our growth strategy, which is to be the provider of choice for consumers. Our Walmart locations continue to see increased traffic and be well received by customers. We're now operating inside 12 Walmart locations in Florida and Texas, and will be providing more around our consumer strategies including MyQuest, our digital experience in our consumer offerings at our Investor Day in November. The fifth element of our growth strategy is to support population health with data analytics and extended care services. I'm excited about last month's launch of Quest Clinical Trial Connect, a new patient recruitment service to help pharma companies and CRO's speed the development of new therapies. We have already engaged several pharma, biotech and CRO companies with this solution.
In the area of population health, in June, we released a study on employer wellness and screening at the American Diabetes Association Scientific session showing a strong association between wellness participation and healthcare outcomes. The study showed that 1/3 of the at-risk employees identified by screening, who then participated in a behavioral health program to reduce diabetes risk, reduced glucose and hemoglobin A1c to normal levels. Also, more than 1/4 participants lost 5% or more of body weight, reducing the risk of many obesity-related conditions. This news is catching the attentions of both employers and health plans as they proactively look for opportunities to bend their healthcare cost curve. We're strengthening our already strong position in the marketplace.
The second element of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We're continuing to drive efficiency and effectiveness within Quest to cover the cost of wage inflation and reimbursement pressure. Our efforts to digitalize our processes are improving the customer experience. So here are 2 simple, real examples of improvement opportunities in front of us. First, as we've shared previously, processing a paper requisition takes approximately 4 minutes. eEnablement allows us to improve both efficiency and quality. We are making progress in our efforts to get clients to submit electronic requisitions. Today, more than 70% of the requisitions we receive are sent electronically and this is up from approximately 60% in 2016.
Second, we have developed a client friendly application, which allows physicians and their staffs to order specimen pickups. Since the launch earlier last year, over 5,000 clients have converted to online pickup through what we call Quanum -- HCP portal, and we're adding 200 clients each week. Each day, more than 13% of routine on demand pickup requests are received electronically through our new application, and we expect that this rapid adoption will continue, while this translates into fewer calls to our call center and significantly fewer occurrences of our couriers arriving to find an empty lockbox. 
Now let me turn over to Mark, who'll take you through the financial performance. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. And to summarize, we grew revenues and delivered strong earnings in the second quarter. We're excited to build on the strategic relationship that we now have with the UnitedHealthcare group. And we remain focused on executing our 2-point strategy, and, we are confident we'll meet our commitments for the remainder of 2018. 
Now I'll be happy to take any questions. Operator?

Yes. So Patrick, thanks for the question. We have a tremendous opportunity in front of us. When we had launched the new relationship, we talked about the opportunity to have access to over 40 million lives. And we've already started, and we've started working on this aggressively. So we have detailed out by thousands of accounts, which sales reps and which geographies will engage with customers. First of all, making of them aware of the contractual changes, talk about what we need to do to potentially serve them in a broader way. And finally is be prepared to ramp this up as quickly as possible. And so what I'll share with you is we've already left the blocks, we're off and running. We're engaging with customers throughout the United States. The receptivity of this is quite good. Been waiting for some time for us to be back on contract. And the biggest opportunity for us is for those accounts that might have had another laboratory because we were not on contract with United, now have an opportunity to continue to bring us more of their laboratory services work. And then second is, we've an opportunity just broadly in many accounts to gain more share. So we're optimistic about it and working hard at it.

Yes, Patrick, just to underscore my comments, the conversations have increased. We are engaged in many more conversations today with CEOs of integrated delivery systems around their lab strategy. And in that regard, they are considering, given what's happening with PAMA and given the change they see happening with health plans, for what they should do going forward with their outreach business if they have it. So we're optimistic by the prospect. Again, there's 3 parts of our strategy. First is what we call professional laboratory services business. As Mark said, we've got a few opportunities in front of us. We're hopeful in the back half to be announcing a couple of these at least. Second is, affords us an opportunity to do more of their sophisticated testing, which we call reference testing in the hospitals. And usually, when we have those conversations, we then have a conversation around outreach. So there's more conversations today than a year ago in that funnel and that whole opportunity list continues to build for us.

So the guidance for the full year does contemplating, obviously, what happened in the first half but what we will address for these 3 issues that we talked about in our remarks in the second half as well. So yes, it's in.

Yes. Just to reiterate something we always say, and Mark said in his prepared remarks, we do this calculation called revenue per requisition. But really, when you get into managing the business and understanding how that eventually yields margins, there's a lot of other considerations. Some of the slower revenue per req business actually can be more profitable than higher req -- higher dollar per requisition business. So it's not necessarily a surrogate for margins at all. So something to keep in mind. So be it in the quarter, we improved our revenue per requisition by 20 basis points, but you saw our margin were quite good in consideration for what we had to do with a lot of different moving pieces, as Mark outlined.

Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're encouraged that they're asking us for input related to how to improve the data reporting. Albeit, we still believe what they did with the current Clinical Lab Fee Schedule was wrong and that needs to be corrected and we're challenging CMS in that regard. Prospective, we do need to get it right. We are pursuing a legislative solution to that. And we're engaging, as we have all along, with CMS, on how we can include more labs and how do we get the statistics to really reflect a market-based approach to laboratory services. So we're encouraged by that. Second, on the physician fee schedule, there'll be modest tweaks in that. We think it's for 2019, not necessarily that notable for our business. We have a small piece of our anatomic pathology business that get billed that way, but nothing that is material for us.

Yes. So we outlined the 3 areas, A.J., in our remarks. And if you look at the issues that we saw reflect what we thought we could have done versus what we really did do. So those 3, we won't quantify exactly of the 3 buckets, the total will be broken down from. But they do outline the difference between expectations of the market, our expectations and what we actually delivered.

With that said, we are taking actions for a few of those to reverse it in Q3 and Q4. We mentioned the work we're doing with payers on prescription drug monitoring, the work we're doing with payers around vitamin D. As Mark said, the hep C care business, which is the genotyping resistance testing business will essentially slow down because it's no longer needed to give the new therapy for AbbVie. But the screening business continues to be a big opportunity and there's plenty of baby boomers left that need to be screened. So even though it did slow in the quarter, we're working on things to reverse that in the second half.

Yes. First of all, on Optum, when we talked about our relationship with UnitedHealthcare group, it's [ bought ]. We clearly are now back in network in 2019 with UHC as an in-network provider laboratory services, that's big. As you know, we have partnered with them on revenue cycle management. We're one of their biggest customers. Third is, we provide their wellness services for Optum. And so we are their somewhat exclusive provider of wellness services for OptumCare when they sell those to payers. Also, we're -- they're becoming one of our biggest customers, to your specific question, in OptumCare, as you said, they're buying physicians and they're buying many of our existing customers. And the opportunity with the DaVita physician business supports is yet another opportunity. So if that closes, they'll be close to -- they will have close to 50,000 physicians, and we're actively working with them on how we can better serve all their physicians, the existing accounts but also growing -- their growing list of physicians in OptumCare. So this relationship continues to build, and we see a good growth prospect of building a bigger and better relationship with OptumCare as they consolidate those practices into their business going forward. Second part of the question...

Second part of the question...

HCA. The Denver opportunity which is called the Continental Division is going well. We're optimistic that we can leverage that relationship throughout the rest of HCA. We continue to work that. And as Mark said, there'll be more professional laboratory services relationships announced in the second half. So stay posted.

Yes. First of all, as we've mentioned in our remarks, the prenatal testing business continues to grow nicely. So we're optimistic about that. Second is if you look at just ongoing activity, and we've showed this many, many times, if you look at our existing accounts and we do the same account or same-store analysis. And if you look at activity within those accounts that we know we have, we haven't lost any share. I would say, just in general the market's stable. And I would say, just in general, that's true for let's just call it the more routine portion of our Women's Health business. We continue to actually see a continuation of the slow decline in our cap business. The change in practice guidelines back in 2013 did affect the marketplace, where women in the past used to go annually for their check, that's happening less frequently and that continues to be phased in, even though it's been about 5 years. But just in general, the general volume from our Women's Health business continues to be stable.

Well, what they used, Brian, for the majority of the data points for what we got in a refresh of the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule, the vast majority of the data points were from the 2 large nationals. So that was what was used. And we think that was incredibly flawed in its approach. Matching what CMS buys from all the laboratories and it buys from thousands of laboratories, roughly 20% of what they buy is from the nationals. So the data they collected was a distortion of what they really buy. And so this is one of the biggest points we had. We've got to collect more data from more laboratories and as you know, there's wide variation in this marketplace and the best value is from a company like Quest Diagnostics. So that was the data they collected. We're hopeful. Given this current request for more data, now they can collect more data. They obviously, by asking the question, know they got it wrong and they need to get it right in the next time they collect the data. And again, we're challenging what they did in the first time around with our lawsuit. It's still in the court. We're hopeful that, that will progress, and we'll have a favorable consideration there. But in parallel to that, we're also looking for a legislative solution. So we're currently continuing to work this because we believe, as its core, how they refreshed the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule was done wrongly. But given all that, what we've outlined in our guidance for this year, what we've outlined in our outlook for 2019 and 2020 is assuming worst case. That is if this sticks and continues to be the case then that in fact will be what we'll absorb, and we'll be able to manage the business and hit our outlook despite it. So hopefully, we'll have better news in that regard, but we're assuming the worst case. And then in the future, yes, there'll be data points gathered from payers. But again, there'll be more laboratories included in the data collection process, so therefore, that will move the needle quite a bit. So hopefully, that answers your question.

Well, that's the opportunity in front of us. And with this relationship with United, and we're having conversations with all the payers. Despite the 2 nationals having strong presence, there's still an opportunity to pick up share for the rest of the marketplace. We talked about the opportunity, when we talked about United, you have roughly more than 40 million lives. You go quickly through the mathematics of that, we basically have shared that their spend -- laboratory spend is north of $7 billion in that regard. If you look at the 2 large nationals, it's still a minority. It's still the opportunity given the trend in general of healthcare is to move more of those higher cost, more expensive laboratory volumes to us. And so what we're detailing right now is precisely that. We're knocking on the doors of many -- thousands of customers, Brian. And they have many laboratories and many of those laboratories aren't the 2 large nationals, but they're many others. And in some cases, they have those laboratories because we were not in network with United. They no longer need those laboratories to serve them and therefore, those afford us a big opportunity. So we need to think about this not just between us and the other large national, but more importantly, the opportunity to really continue to gain share, particularly for the regional portion of this market.

Well, first of all, Safeway continues to go very well. We've said that we're approaching 200 stores. The results in those stores have been a great. So we're very encouraged there. Second is we continue to build out the presence in Walmart. And the number will be a significantly higher than 12 stores, I can assure you of that. And yes, it's putting draw stations in, but it's also providing better healthcare, more healthcare services, with what we call extended care services. The conversation has become very broad and deep. Matter of fact, today, I'm meeting with a very senior executive from Walmart about that opportunity. Our JV and specifically Walmart is doing in healthcare. So we continue to build that out. And then third is we are testing. We're doing some pilots with some other retailers. As we mentioned in the past, we've done work with CVS in the Minute Clinics with their pending potential merger with Aetna. We have great relationship with Aetna, we have a great relationship with CVS. The opportunity that they see also is what we've been talking about here. So we're optimistic of working more proactively potentially with CVS and Aetna as they expand the potential merger with those 2 companies as well. So a lot in front of us. We have the right strategy, we're executing it and we're making a lot of progress.

Well, we think -- if you take a step back and look at where we're going. Our access with United will be greater than 90%. So we want to remove the obstacles of not being in network with many of the majority of health plans throughout the United States. And in the big states, as we mentioned, when we announced the United relationship, the big states of New York, Texas, Florida and California, our access is greater than 95%. So very strong access. So when we have access, we have an opportunity to compete for laboratory services in accounts. So that's number one. So great access, it's improving every day. Second is the consumer is becoming increasingly more important, particularly as employers have pushed more of the cost of healthcare to the consumers. Consumers, patients are asking questions of what they can do to lower their out-of-pocket cost and also serve themselves in a better way. And so our consumer strategy addresses that; that is making sure that we have a great experience for that patient and consumer. So many aspects factor into that. One is what we've done with our electronic or e-tools, we call it MyQuest. We now have over 5 million registered users, the application continues to get stronger every day. You now can get your lab results, you can schedule an appointment. You can see wait times in a Patient Service Center throughout any area you're in and there will be more to come. So that's exciting. More -- looking more and more like a contemporary consumer application every day. Second, our access gets better and better. We're refreshing our Patient Service Centers. You'll see that if you go through a number of your Patient Service Centers throughout the United States. And then we augment that with the access through retailers, so we'll have more retail-like settings, making it much more physically easy for consumers to go to Quest Diagnostics. Third is we'll have products. And we have taken our experience in Arizona and also in Colorado, in Missouri with the direct-to-consumer offering. We now believe it's close to 20 states that we can go direct to consumers. We're working on broadening that solution and there'll be more to come in that regard in the fall. And with all that, you take a step back and you say when the physician eventually knows that we're in a network and they ask their patient, who would you like to go to, Quest or someone else? They remember that great experience. We have experience as far as their data. And they also know that it's not ordered by the physicians, they can order products directly from us, like a checkup on their cholesterol or their diabetes and hemoglobin A1c. So we think directionally, it's going to help us gain share in the marketplace because healthcare is becoming increasingly and more of a consumer marketplace.

Mark?

Well, the first catalyst is PAMA, okay. So PAMA is a substantial change for hospitals renting outreach businesses. In many hospital system outreach business is -- their Medicare mix is 25%, 30%, so not insignificant. And when they're looking at a -- essentially a 30% cut over 3 years, it's a notable difference. That's number one. Second is they are seeing what's happening with United and also with Aetna. And they are hearing that what those 2 large nationals have done will carry over to the rest of the health insurance marketplace. So they're realizing there will be pressure on their commercial rates going forward for ancillary services and in this case, laboratory services. So with all that, it's allowing us -- we've already – always had great access throughout this concept of talking to them about their lab strategy, but it is accelerating the pace of them considering their options going forward.

Yes. So first of all, we're actively detailing out account by account what we need to do. The way we broadly think about is the 3 categories. One is, we have great accounts. And an account -- a client might be using another laboratory because they had to because we weren't in network with United, and we're going directly for those accounts and we're trying to flip those as quickly as possible. So as I said earlier, we've left the blocks and we're running. And we're detailing our thousands of accounts throughout the United States with our sales force and with our regional teams. Number two, there is accounts in kind of a mixed model where they're using multiple labs. And now where we have much more significant share of their laboratory volume because we're back in network. It's an opportunity where they potentially get to a tipping point, and we potentially could become the majority of their lab service provider. So we have a number of accounts that I would categorize that way. And the third category that you've outlined is, in some cases, we are not the majority and our other national competitor has more share. And we're also detailing out those to make sure we defend what we deliver, our value that we deliver every day is quite good, our quality gets better, our service performance is outstanding, our consumer strategy is resonating. And so we think we have a very, very strong requisition -- value proposition to defend that piece of our marketplace as well.

And the other part is -- there's 2 parts to what we call the hep C care, which is the testing we do if you've been prescribed the drug, that is going to decline. Second part is the screening piece of this. So we did see a small decline in the growth rate, and we're hopeful, because there's still a tremendous opportunity in front of us, that we're going to work with the pharmaceutical companies to continue to build on the awareness necessary in the marketplace. Because as I said in my prepared remarks, there's still a majority of baby boomers, the 70 million of us, that still need to be screened. So that's been slow as well in Q2. And we're hopeful, in the back half, with some of the work we're doing to build awareness with pharma, that should pick up as well.

Grow as fast, yes, yes.

Yes. So what we did is we outlined 3 areas that caused us to have less than what we had expected in Q2. We started working already in Q2 on some of the remedies for that slow down. And so the ones that we outlined particularly around prescription drug monitoring, the growth rate was strong but not nearly as strong in the past and again, when we talked about with vitamin D. So we've already started to work on these in Q2 that will carry over and will have some rebound in the portion of this. But what we want to do is provide visibility of where we thought we were going to do -- have a stronger performance in Q2, we did not. And we outlined those in the 3 that we provided to you.

Okay. Well, thanks, for joining us today. We appreciate your support, and have a great day.