Thanks, Sean, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we'll discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2018 and review progress on our 2-point strategy. And then Mark will provide more detail on the results and take you through our 2019 guidance. 
For the fourth quarter, revenues decreased 1.4%. Reported EPS was $0.92, down about 50% from the same period in 2017. Adjusted EPS was $1.36, down 2.9%. Performance in the quarter reflects increased reimbursement headwinds as well as softer organic volume than we expected at Investor Day, and the change in estimate of reserves for revenue and accounts receivable, which Mark will cover later in the call. 
For the full year 2018, revenues grew 1.7%. Reported EPS declined roughly 4% to $5.29. Adjusted EPS grew approximately 17% to $6.31. In 2018, we grew revenues, adjusted earnings and cash from operations despite some challenges in the marketplace. Mark will update you on the quarter and share our perspective on 2019. 
Quest is well positioned in 2019 to grow share and deliver revenue growth, as our in-network status now extends to approximately 90% of commercially insured lives in the United States. Volumes are off to a good start this year. Our guidance for 2019 reflects our expectation that strong volume growth will continue throughout the year. It also reflects significant reimbursement pressure, partially offset by our continued execution of our Invigorate program. 
As we discussed, at our Investor Day in November, we are poised for growth based on 3 fundamental changes in the marketplace. First, PAMA's driven reimbursement pressure is the catalyst for structural change. In 2019, we expect about a 10% reduction in Medicare reimbursement rates and a similar reduction in 2020. The impact of these cuts will be more significant on smaller independent hospital outreach laboratories, which we believe could eliminate the majority of their profit and will provide a catalyst for market consolidation. Second, payers are more focused than ever on driving better value in their lab spend, which supports our plan to gain share. And finally, nobody cares more about the variation in health care costs than employers and their employees, the country's largest payer. 
Increasingly, patients are motivated to find the high-value, low-price providers like Quest, so we are very well positioned to benefit from these trends. Our strategy to accelerate growth has 5 elements, and I will share the progress we've made. First, we aim to grow more than 2% this year for M&A. In 2018, acquisitions contributed more than 3% to revenue growth. The 9 deals we announced and closed since the beginning of 2018 position us well to meet our 2019 target. Earlier this week, we completed the acquisition of the clinical laboratory services business of Boyce & Bynum, a leading provider of diagnostic and clinical laboratory services in the Midwest. 
The second element is to expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems. First, on health plans, we're entering 2019 with the best access this company's had in over a decade. We've added 43 million blinds, which represents about a $1 billion opportunity for Quest as a result of our in-network status with UnitedHealthcare, the rise of BlueCross BlueShield in New Jersey and BlueCross BlueShield of Georgia. As I said earlier, we have already seen encouraging volume growth early in 2019 resulting from this extended network access. 
Hospital health systems are facing unprecedented financial pressures and are therefore motivated to discuss ways we can help them with their lab strategy. We recently signed 2 new Professional Laboratory Services agreements in the Southeast region. In both relationships, we will provide full lab management, employing technical lab staff, providing operational lab oversight and maintaining responsibility for the laboratory supply chain. 
As we outlined at our Investor Day, most hospital CEOs and CFOs are still not fully aware of PAMA, which impacts hospital outreach labs. We believe that this impact of PAMA becomes increasingly more visible. Hospitals will be more motivated to work with us on their laboratory strategy. 
The third element of our growth strategy is to offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation. We made key acquisitions to expand our capability and enhance our service offerings in 2018. We saw strong double-digit growth in 2018 from a number of key test categories, including prescription drug monitoring, tuberculosis testing and cardio RQ. In 2018, we made significant progress executing the fourth element of our growth strategy, which is to be the laboratory provider of choice for consumers. Before arriving at a patient service center, patients can check in electronically through MyQuest and view estimated wait times before making an appointment. At the patient service center or in the physician's office our enhanced real-time estimator, lets patients know their financial responsibility before we collect their specimen. And then once the results are available, patients can view them through MyQuest digital platform, which is now available for more than 6.5 million users, or they can review them on the Apple Health app. 
Next, we continue to build out our industry-leading retail strategy. At year-end, we'll be in more than 200 Safeway and Walmart locations. In 2018, we launched QuestDirect, a service which enables consumers to offer tests without a doctor's script in the continental United States, and we're pleased with the volumes we've seen so far. 
The fifth element of our growth strategy is to support population health in data analytics and extended care services. Payers understand the value of the lab data and how it can help them improve their member's health outcomes. This has strengthened our value proposition as well. We're also growing revenues from pharmaceutical customers. Quest Clinical Trials Connect, which we launched in 2018, is helping pharma and CROs recruit patients for trials faster, better and more efficiently. The second part of our 2-point strategy is to Drive Operational Excellence. Our Invigorate cost-cutting initiative has been successful, and we see more opportunities ahead. We are confident there's an opportunity to continue to improve and save roughly 3% on a cost structure or about $200 million per year to offset increases in our wage bill as well as reimbursement pressure. 
At our recent Investor Day, we identified a number of areas for improvement, such as reducing denials of patient concessions, further digitizing our business, continuing to standardize and automate and optimizing our lab and patient service center networks. Given the increased reimbursement pressure in 2019, we're also closely managing our cost structure. We are rebalancing our resources by reducing its expenses in some areas while ensuring we have the operational resources needed to deliver on the volume with increases we expect this year. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark, who will take you through our financial performance and our 2019 guidance in detail. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, Quest is well positioned in 2019 to grow revenue and earnings. Our in-network status now extends to approximately 90% of the commercially insured lives in the United States, and volumes are off to a good start. Our guidance for 2019 reflects reimbursement pressures, offset by strong volume increases and continued execution of our Invigorate program. Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes. Let me start, and then I'll turn it to Mark. And thanks for asking your question. Well, to start, we'd go back to what we shared with you on Investor Day. We still believe, as the market leader, we have a tremendous opportunity to gain share. And I think we just announced the kickoff of our journey to pick up share, and it starts in 2019. We also couple 2019 with the most significant reimbursement that this industry has ever seen, sort of reimbursement costs. And so it's muting some of the share gains that we're going to pick up this year. But what we told you at Investor Day, there's 2 parts of market share gains, is; one is we do believe we can accelerate M&A, and we're actually targeting for 2% growth through M&A. While we said in our guidance we only will put in our guidance what we have seen so far closed. So it's roughly 1% in the guidance for 2019. Second is we will see organic growth, and we have to pick up the volumes to be able to offset that reimbursement pressure. But when you go through the math, we believe there's an opportunity for us to pick up share in '19, and that will continue in 2020. The second part of this is the setup for what's going on in the industry, and I'll come back to those 3 points again. One is PAMA is hurting all of us, but it's going to hurt the non-market-leading laboratories much more significantly. We believe this will be a catalyst for further consolidation. Second is, with our better-than-ever access changes, payers are working proactively with us in how they do a better job of managing our category of spend. And then finally, as consumers are pushing back on their physicians, pushing back on their employers and asking questions about the best value in the marketplace, and we are the best value in the marketplace, the best quality, the best service at the lowest price. So Ross, we have really kicked off '19 with the beginning of a journey here to pick up share. And we believe, with confidence, that we can deliver on that outlook that we outlined at Investor Day. Mark, would you like to add to that?

Yes, sure. So what I said in my prepared remarks, it's off to a good start, and we expected that it would be off to a good start. So it's our expectations that we expected to be able to pick up some of the volume early in the year. But what we also said is that it will continue to build throughout '19. And also, this provides us a growth opportunity beyond '19, into '20 and to '21, okay? So when I talk about $1 billion worth of opportunity, we'll see a portion of that in '19, and that's contemplated in our guidance. But there is a large portion of that $1 billion beyond '19. So it's tracking well. We're happy with the early volumes we see, and it will continue to build throughout the year.

Yes. Mark?

Got you. Mark, why don't you take the first 2?

Yes. So Bill, on your question about the opportunities around hospitals, let me start by reminding you and everyone that what we said at Investor Day is in 2018, we have a strong year for M&A. It's about 300 basis points, roughly. And if you recall, if you go back to one of those Investor Day slides that we used and charts we used, if you look at the distribution, the M&A we've done over the past 2 years, it's really been a balance of acquiring hospital outreach, acquiring some outreach deals -- excuse me, some laboratory regional deals and then finally buying some capabilities and services in advanced diagnostics. And if you look at the hospital deals, it's been a good part, but not the majority, of what we have acquired. And then second is we still pick up, let's say, one regional lab per year. As a matter of fact, we just said in our prepared remarks that we closed on Boyce & Bynum in Missouri. So it's a good example of doing that once again. And what we also indicated is, prospectively, we do believe, from what we see in our pipeline for all 3 categories is that M&A should be north of 2% going forward. And we also said we would only contemplate it in our guidance, something around 1%, which are the lowest deals for 2019. So some portion of that is the acceleration in the discussions we're having with hospitals around lab strategy. And we have those discussions, Bill. We also have discussions around Professional Laboratory Services, and that's an organic growth opportunity. And we announced, again, in our prepared remarks that we picked up 2 engagements in the back half of '18 that we feel good about, and we have more engagements in the pipeline as well. So you need to think about our hospital strategy really from a contributor to M&A. We go to that 2%, but also equally the opportunity organically to pick up organic revenue growth through these Professional Laboratory Services engagements that we continue to announce.

Okay. Mark, the first part?

Yes. So just to fill out the question around volume growth throughout the year and the first tranche in the first quarter, so what we shared in 2018 is when we announced that we're going to be back in network with United and Horizon and with Anthem in Georgia. We started to communicate that to our customers. And so what we will see in the first quarter is the first tranche, if you will, of those really good customers of Quest that they wanted us to get back in the network, and we're ready to flip those accounts as quickly as possible. So you'll see that. And the second part of this is why it's going to continue to build because not everyone is flipping on day 1. It provides us an opportunity for the rest of '19 and then into '20 and '21. And some of this is that some of the market is still hearing firsthand from us that we're back in the network. So to answer your question, what do we need to do is we continuously work on communication. We do this with our sales force. It takes multiple calls to the customer to be able to flip those accounts typically. Sometimes, we need to work on some of the IT integration issues to make sure we can get those orders, and also result of those from some customers that might be relatively new, and that just takes some time. So if you take the state of New Jersey, we're -- essentially, we're back in the network with the BlueCross BlueShield system in New Jersey and with United. We picked up a lot of access. So we've got a number of accounts that we're detailing to pick up significant share. But those take more time than maybe where we only had -- we didn't have 10% of the volume of those loyal customers in that first tranche. So that's what we're going to need to do, and we'll do them back at them. That will continue in 2020 and 2021, where we still see more opportunities to pick up share.

Yes. Sure, sure. First of all, one would think, when we announced the made that we're back in-network, and we're the nation's commercial laboratory that if, in fact, United were to go forward with a preferred laboratory network, that we would be included. But it's up to them to announce that. But we're clearly hopeful and planning on being one of a short list of laboratories that are included. And in that, what we shared with that in the past is that all payers, in particular United, I think in my mind is taking a lead on this, is realizing that they could do more to do a better job in laboratory spending. And by doing -- by having a preferred laboratory network, they're going to tighten up the network, and they will work with us on things that we can do to make sure that we drive market share gains. And that would include things like working with their customers, their ASO customers on benefit designs. It could include working with us on our hospital strategy, where it could be in the best interest of all parties to think about a different network strategy within the geography. It also could include things that we're proactively going after certain geographies, where we know there's an opportunity for us to gain share. So, can't announce it before it's announced, but we're hopefully -- we'll be included. As you would expect, we should be, given we're the largest national and given that we just announced we're back in-network. And there'll be a lot of strategies within this to help us with our market share gain plans that we've outlined through the course of the last 6 to 9 months. So Mark, would you like to add to that?

Yes. So Brian, as we've done in the past, I'm not going to give you a specific comment on a specific payer. But what we have said is that we're in very nice shape in '19 with our relationships. What we will say is that going into '19, we should have most of the nationals in good shape. Obviously, you're there with United. We're there with Aetna, and the others will be in nice shape as well. And then also in these big states. As a matter of fact, we talked about at the Investor Day. We're particularly strong in the biggest states in the United States. So if you look at California, if you look at New York, Florida and Texas, about 110 million lives are shared and very strong. And our relationship with the other payers in most states are quite strong. So we feel good about that. We're in nice shape in those states. And that is true if you go back to your specific question about Florida. We feel good about our presence in Florida. We have a strong working relationship with Florida BlueCross BlueShield, and we feel we're in a nice position to deliver on picking up share that we talked overall about doing as Quest Diagnostics in the state of Florida because of that relationship and our great access that we have in Florida.

Yes, yes. Excellent question. So we've been out raising awareness for consumers around the wide variation and medical costs broadly. And related to that, it's a multipronged approach. First of all, in some states, we actually provided this at Investor Day, the states are actually providing visibility of the wide variation for consumers. So the state of Massachusetts, they're actually providing on a website. And if you go on that website, you'll see the wide variation of what the average commercial rates for Quest Diagnostics are versus hospital outreach laboratories. And the hope is, in that state, since consumers are picking up a fair share of the cost of health care, that consumers will start to become aware of this and bring that information to their physician. And the second part of this is physicians are the advocate typically for the patient, even though they have this relationship with a hospital system. In some cases, they sell their practice. But still they realized that's coming out of their patient's pocket. They realized there could be wide variation, which, for a number of patients, it's a considerable sum of money. And for those of us who are reasonably healthy, it might be once a year. But for many, it's not once a year. So it's a considerable portion of out-of-pocket costs. So we're making sure that the physicians are aware of this as well. And then also, in all that, when you look at what we're doing with the payers, the payers are increasingly making it visible. And so the payers all reach out to their membership and have campaigns with simple messages like why pay more? And related to that, it's not just the lab. I know many of you realize there's other ancillary services that you have the same issue. So for instance radiology is getting a lot of visibility. So the help we're getting here as well is that this topic in general is getting visibility from payers, but equally from physicians and then with consumers asking questions. And then once they realize they can ask a question, they demand that they know they could come to Quest, we're a network, and therefore, it's unacceptable that you tell them they can only go to the hospital lab. And they simply point to, I'm going to -- it's going to cost me extra money if I don't go to Quest. So doc, why does this makes sense? So that's what we're doing about it.

Yes, yes. First of all, we're only, I guess, February 14. Happy Valentine's Day. But what we see is -- what we see in the first 5 or 6 weeks of the year, as we said, we're off to a good start. We haven't been asked about it, about share. We think utilization volumes are stable. We're not seeing big pickups or drops in our good customers. So therefore, we think utilization of volume out there is relatively stable. So therefore, the volume is coming from share gains. And that's what we expected. So good start. We're picking up share, and that's going to build throughout the year.

Okay. So thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your support and questions, and have a great day. Take care.