Thanks, Shawn. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, I'll provide you with some perspective on PAMA, highlights on the quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy, then Mark will provide more detail on first quarter performance.
While we delivered strong revenue growth despite the negative impact of severe weather and lower Medicare reimbursement under PAMA, earnings growth was driven by continued strong execution as well as the benefits of tax reform. We also completed our previously announced acquisition of MedXM, which is off to a good start.
Now here are some highlights from the quarter. Revenues were up 3.7%. Reported EPS was up nearly 10% from 2017. Adjusted EPS grew 25%.
Before I describe the progress we have made, what I'd like to do is provide an update on PAMA and our investments in the business using a portion of savings from tax reform.
Turning to PAMA, this was our first quarter operating under the new Clinical Lab Fee Schedule, which accounted for approximately 12% of revenues last year. Since November, we said we expected the impact of the final rates under PAMA would be a reduction of approximately 4% in 2018, approximately 10% in both 2019 and 2020.
Our actual Medicare reimbursement in the first quarter reaffirms our projected impact for 2018. We continue to support efforts by our trade association to implement a market-based laboratory reimbursement schedule. 
On the legal front, ACLA has sued CMS, and both sides have submitted their initial briefs to the court, and we still believe we could have a decision from the judge by midyear. We want to reiterate that ACLA's complaint is not challenging the new Medicare rates themselves, but rather the process. CMS fall to arrive at those rates.
As the lawsuit progresses, ACLA has continued to seek a legislative fix to PAMA, coordinating closely with the line trade associations like NILA, AdvaMedDx and other stakeholders. This issue is about ensuring that Medicare beneficiaries have access to critical laboratory services. While the new rates have impacted us, other laboratory providers, including many serving remote and underserved areas, maybe "forced to close their doors." So that's why this is an important issue to us all.
Turning to tax reform. Last quarter, we shared with you that we'll realize approximately $180 million in tax savings on an adjusted basis in 2018. We are reinvesting roughly $75 million before tax into the business and our people, and much of this is underway.
Turning to the first quarter. We delivered on all 5 elements of our strategy to accelerate growth. The first element of our growth strategy is to grow 1% to 2% through strategically aligned accretive acquisitions, which we achieved for the fifth consecutive year in 2017. 
We had a productive quarter for M&A. We completed our acquisition of MedXM, a leading national provider of home-based health risk assessments and related services. More of this acquisition in a few minutes. We are reiterating the acquisitions announced in the latter half of 2017, and we are pleased by the results. We guided earlier this year we expect to deliver about 250 basis points of growth from M&A in 2018, which is above the top end of our 1% to 2% objective. Our M&A pipeline remains strong, and our strategy is delivering growth.
Under the second element of our growth strategy, we continue to expand relationships with hospital health systems. In March, we entered into a Professional Lab Services relationship with an integrated healthcare delivery system in New England. We acknowledged earlier that PAMA is a headwind for us. However, reimbursement cuts are bigger headwinds for hospital systems, operating all of these laboratories. Hospital executives are starting to become more aware of the impact of PAMA, and we're having more frequent conversations with them about the lab's strategy and how we can help.
Many of you have asked about the possibilities of expanding our access with major health plans. We continue to have productive conversations and make progress with a number of payers. Quest offers health plans and their members unmatched convenience, access, quality and value. And based upon our recent conversations, it's clear that many health plan leaders agree.
We're delivering on the third element of our growth strategy, which is to offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation. Key growth drivers in the quarter were prescription drug monitoring, QuantiFERON and noninvasive prenatal screening.
In advance diagnostics, we're making strong progress with our new center of excellence in precision medicine oncology in Texas. The centers help the community oncologists determine the most appropriate treatment of patients with cancer. 
Since we acquired Med Fusion, we've seen an acceleration of growth of molecular tumor panels. 70% of patients with cancer are treated by community cancer centers, and we're excited about the opportunities of Med Fusion that is creating with networks of community cancer practices like The U.S. Oncology Network and Texas Oncology as well as Baylor Scott & White Health, the largest health system in Texas.
We continue to make strong progress executing the fourth element of our growth strategy, which is to be the provider of choice of consumers. Our Walmart locations continue to perform well, with an increase in patient traffic across the board and outstanding feedback on the customer experience. We're expanding into different markets, and we expect to open many more locations throughout this year. We're pleased with the progress and excited about the future of this important partnership with Walmart.
The fifth element of our growth strategy is to support population health with data analytics and extended care services. The integration of MedXM is going well. Customers are excited that we can help them close their gaps in care using mobile healthcare professionals to reach patients when and where it's convenient for them.
So let me give you one example how this capability is closing gaps in care. Diabetic eye screening is a key part of diabetes care. MedXM's national health plan customers identify at-risk Medicare Advantage or managed Medicaid members. MedXM call centers then reach out to those patients to schedule a health risk assessment, to visit the patient and perform a series of tests, which include capturing a retinal image. This program helps identify people at risk of diabetes and enables health plans to improve their quality scores.
The second element of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. Earlier this month, we launched a pilot program with Humana, MultiPlan, Optum, UnitedHealthcare to use blockchain technology to improve the quality of healthcare provider's data and reduce administrative cost. We look forward to contributing to use our data and expertise for this project, which we believe can lower cost and improve efficiency within the health care system.
We are continuing to drive efficiency and effectiveness within Quest to cover the cost of wage inflation and reimbursement pressure. So let me give you a few updates. Our collaboration with Optum360 continues to perform well. As consumers bear an increased share of cost of their healthcare, more of our revenues come from patients, which close this collection challenges. And despite the pressure from increased patient responsibility, we are succeeding in keeping our uncollectible balances associated with patient responsibility in line with last year. 
We are collaborating with payers to bring price transparency to healthcare through our real-time estimation tool. This tool enables a health plan member at our Patient Service Center to know before a specimen is drawn if the test is covered and what out-of-pocket cost the health plan member will pay for that test.
We continue to enable our business and to improve the customer experience. Our eCheckIn process has been used in more than 27 million patient encounters. Our patients like the convenience, and this information helps us place providers where they are needed most based on amount of patient flow. We have over 1,500 sites with eCheckIn, and they expect to deploy it in all of our Patient Service Centers by the end of 2018.
Now let me turn it over to Mark, who will take you through our financial performance. Mark?

Great. Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we delivered a strong first quarter. We made solid progress accelerating growth and driving operational excellence. 
And with that, we'd like to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. So Steve here. So this is evolving. It has evolved, and I would say, it will continue to evolve. I think there's more and more interest by the FDA, and probably we'll continue to think about oversight and regulatory controls around laboratory developed tests. And this, I would describe as one of the areas that they're looking at. So with the new guidance that now -- that did take a form that we're actually pleased about because we believe that we do have the process capabilities and the control capabilities to be able to support that. And then second is, with that, it legitimizes, through CMS, the value that the tumor panels add to the diagnostic workup of a cancer patient. So it just brings front and center the importance of getting a full workup when you make that expensive next choice in cancer care. And given my earlier comments, with our acquisition of Med Fusion, about our strong work relationship with U.S. Oncology, our working relationship with Memorial Sloan and IBM Watson, we have a strong and growing presence in this whole space. So we're very well positioned and actually pleased that there's some energy around it and some guidance about the controls in general, because I think it's very important as we go forward that legitimate operating companies like ourselves that bring a lot of good value to the marketplace have tight controls around the value of that, the verification of value of that and then, the delivery of that, and we do that quite well. And so therefore, approval for that and some kind of controls around that, we think, is a good thing.

Yes. Sure. So as the industry knows, our nearest competitor's contract expires in 2018, #1. #2 is we've said that, obviously, we would like, under the right terms, to be on contract with United. We have also shared that we are in dialogue, and we have nothing to share about that dialogue. And at the right time, when we hopefully will have something, we'll share that. So we're making progress there. We also make progress with hundreds of others of health plans, some big and some small. And we feel as we enter 2019, we'll be in really nice shape in terms of our portfolio of relationships. And these relationships, yes, they're contractual related to being a network, but they're becoming more and more strategic. I mentioned the work we're doing with our extended care services and population health, the work we're doing around price transparency and our estimation tool. So what we're finding is we definitely are showing ourselves as a laboratory, but as we said, we're in the Diagnostic Information Services business. And the last part of this is our consumer strategy is really resonating. That whole consumer experience, we're upgrading our Patient Service Centers. We're e-enabling it with our eCheckIn capabilities. We're bringing nice information capabilities to consumers with our MyQuest application, and this resonates extremely well with the health plans, big and small. So making good progress. And when we have something, we'll make sure that you all hear it quickly.

Yes. So I'll turn this to Mark. So M&A, the question is how much M&A is in the quarter in Q1. And then let's make more clarity around what we said around what was in the guidance for the 4% to 5% for M&A and what was excluded. So Mark, do you want to take that about Q1 and then the guidance, what's there?

Yes. Okay. So first of all, on tax reform, what we shared with our fourth quarter results is we're going to take about $75 million and invest in the business. And I would say, the majority of this is around accelerating growth. What we said around that, kind of outline some broad categories. And those broad categories would, as you would expect, to some of our growth strategies so advance diagnostics, the consumer strategy but also investing in our people. So we also announced that we're going to provide a bonus for the vast majority of our employees who don't have equity, and that will be payable in the fourth quarter. So all of that is starting to feather into what you see starting in Q1 will continue throughout the year. And with that, we believe this will help us accelerate growth around those 5 strategies. The second part of your question is around Walmart. We're really pleased with the early returns. We started with the big states, Texas and Florida. They're going well. The customer feedback is really good. And the joint venture continues to look at prospects for other basic health services that we could provide in those stores. And so we, as you know, performed a JV. This joint venture was about what we do around blood draws and what we do at Quest Diagnostics and the laboratory business. But more importantly, it's all-around extended care services and population health and providing basic healthcare services to bend the cost curve, and so we're excited about those prospects as well. We won't give you a number today about how many stores. We're still kind of working out the details with Walmart around that. But there will be more. We have the initial stores, and there will be more because the early returns and the progress we're making is quite good.

Yes. Sure. Okay. So let me take the first part, which is hospitals. I would say, this is -- the pace of awareness is accelerating. What we find is that we have a number of hospital executives that are aware of PAMA. And second is they're greatly aware of all the other pressures that they have in hospitals. So if you talk to a hospital executive today, there's a lot of pressure and not just with PAMA. And so many have cost-improvement goals, many are anxious to understand ways they could become more efficient. And so our hospital strategy plays nicely into being a program that they can launch with us to put some points on the board, if you will, particularly around in-patient laboratory costs, which is a key part of our value proposition. So independent of us, it's accelerating. Second is we are accelerating it as well. So we're knocking on many hospital executives' doors to make sure that they're aware, if they're not aware already, and have a conversation around this and specifically, around the lab strategy. So we've engaged with many systems, particularly those that have large outreach businesses to talk about their lab strategy. So it's a deliberate strategy of our accelerate strategy to make sure that they're well aware and understand what their options could be and think about the possibilities. So we are helping with the information out there as well. The second part of your question has to do with our retail strategy. Now, we're working on this retail strategy for years. This doesn't happen overnight. As we said, Walmart is a part of that. We have Safeway as a part of that. We do active work for CVS in the MinuteClinic. They've evolved the strategy. We have a great working relationship with Aetna. We'll see if that potential merger becomes a reality. But because of the great relationship we have with CVS and with Aetna, we're actually hopeful that this could help accelerate some of the work we could do with them as well, number 1. And number 2 is the work with Walmart, I said in my earlier comments, is going well, and speculation on what they will or will not do in health is for them to communicate about. But let me just -- it reemphasizes their commitment and energy around this topic. And as far as other retailers, yes, we're working on making sure that we have the right number and also don't leave any geography uncovered. And as you know, some of these partners we have announced so far, like Safeway and Walmart, have a center of mass that doesn't necessarily cover the whole population in the United States. So as we continue to work through this, we continue to understand how there might be a fitting different retail partnerships that could complement what we already have. But fortunately, we're early to the table around this. We're often running. You see the reinforcement of this with some of the deals that are out there in the marketplace. So our strategy was the right one, and it's being supported by the marketplace. And this consolidation is interesting, but more importantly is try to bring their resources together with their capabilities. I mean, in our capabilities of data and services are quite essential to what this is all about, which is to bend the cost curve. And that was a portion of my prepared remarks about what we're actually doing with MedXM in the middle of it all.

Yes. I'll start, and then I'll turn it to Mark with some more color. First of all, when we walk in and have a conversation with a C-suite -- a matter of fact, this week, we just had a leadership group of our top 40 to 50 executives that we want to make sure are prepared to have a broad conversation about all the capabilities of Quest Diagnostics. Part of that is around what we describe as our hospital strategy. And in 2016, in our Investor Day, we shared this with you. And basically, it has 3 pieces. One is we ask the question, do we want to have a conversation around your lab strategy, and is that important to you and do you have one. Surprisingly to us initially, but not anymore, many of the CEOs of the C-suites have it on their list. It's one of the strategic questions, what they're going to do around lab. And related to that, there's 3 pieces. One is what they're doing with their hospital in-patient cost. And our simple value proposition there is we have now a good confidence, a track record of accounts that are all referenceable that we've actually saved them some money because it is a call center and we do that a variety of ways. When we get into that conversation, then we have a conversation around their sophisticated testing or advanced diagnostics that they said to reference laboratories. We're a player there. We're the market leader in that regard, and we believe there's more we could do in terms of consolidation and getting smarter about the diagnostics and the in-patient care setting, coalescing suppliers and making sure you do the right test for the right patient at the right time. And then, the third part of this is the conversation. If they're in outreach, if they partner with us with in-patient, if they partner with us around reference testing, what's their strategy around outreach? And this is where we have a conversation around what's happening with PAMA, with their Medicare volumes, the pressure that's going to be on commercial rates given the reality of what's happening in this marketplace. And so we end with a comprehensive strategy. If you see one, you see one. But we've shared last year with PeaceHealth. That was a good example, where we brought their outreach. We're helping with their in-patient laboratories as well. We're helping them with their reference testing. So when that happens, we're their partner for laboratory services in the integrated delivery system. And that's resonating well given all the pressures they have and all the priorities that they have in the current dynamic in the marketplace. So Mark, specific to the opportunities around consolidation, you want to share a little bit about how that's going?

Yes. So thanks for the question. What we shared in 2016 and we continuously talk about it is we have this -- our 2-point strategy versus all-around accelerating growth. We talked at great length of our 5 strategies around that, where we made great progress. The second is operational excellence. And what we shared in the end of 2017 is we achieved our goal of $1.3 billion run rate savings, but what we also shared is we have more opportunities in front of us. Business at large, highly complex business, and we still have plenty of opportunities to get better. And what we shared is one example of that is we're kind of at the final push of harmonizing our processes and standardizing our systems. When we do that, then it allows us to streamline our workflow and then second is reduce our IT cost, by way of an example. This will happen in 2018. You'll see that in 2019. We still have some opportunities around consolidation of our laboratory network. We've shared that we're building a new facility, a new laboratory facility in New Jersey. It's a big project for us. When that is completed, it will allow us to consolidate our physical presence in, what we call, our East region. So it will allow us to consolidate some of our retail laboratories into one. We continue to see a big opportunity around the eEnablement. When we eEnable the process, we could take cost out. In prior calls, we talked about simple things. For instance, we got a lot of calls that came in to our call centers around results. And so now, what we've done is educated our customers that you can get these results online. And so what it has done is it eliminated a lot of call volume coming into our call centers, allows us to reduce cost. Customers are happy. So we continuously look at opportunities. And so we have dialed in to our guidance for this year and in our outlook those opportunities. We haven't given you a specific number. But I'll assure you that it's embedded in those numbers. And that allows us to offset the wage inflation and also the reimbursement pressure that we provided you some color around. And that will be clearly in our sights in '18, '19 and '20 and beyond. There's a lot of opportunities.

Yes. Yes. So the one I brought up is PeaceHealth. I mean, that's a great example of a hospital -- excuse me, looking at their hospital strategy. And it has the 3 aspects that I talked about, how we can help them with their in-patient laboratory cost. Second is can we help them become more efficient and effective around their reference testing for in-patients ordering of diagnostics. And then finally is they had an outreach business, and we now acquired an outreach business and integrating it into our west region is a great example. I would share another example. If you recall back a couple of years ago, we bought Hartford Hospital's outreach business. The way we look at all this, Amanda, is these are beachheads. We start there, and then we build. We build credibility, we build the existing relationship, we manage the account. And in the case of Hartford, we continue to look at how we can help them consolidate some of their purchases or reference testing. Then we have -- had dialogue around their hospital laboratories and could we help them become more efficient. So a good example where a working relationship could shift. Even though it starts in one area, it could build.

Yes. So interesting enough, what you find is there's 2 pieces of this. One is what's happening with our share of the marketplace, and the second is what's happening in the hospital marketplace. So actually what we've seen in Q1 in hospital volumes given -- admissions volumes being relatively flat at best, as we talk to hospital executives. And this puts a log in our fire to help them to become more efficient. There's a lot of pressure on hospitals, both from a volume perspective of patient admissions and second is reimbursement changes. And so what we see in our reference testing business, even though we might be picking up some more share, volumes are relatively stable. And then second is, in that portion of our business, we do see some price challenges. There's more competition. And what we have is a deliberate strategy. We have a market like that for the leader should get stronger, and this plays into our strategy. So many hospital systems are looking at consolidating suppliers, having a more comprehensive strategy. So we hope, over time, to continue to build share but probably in a -- more of a more challenging marketplace than 2 to 3 years ago.

Yes. So we'll tag team this, Mark and I again. First of all, as I mentioned in my quote, we did execute well. And I think as you point out, there's a lot of moving parts. A lot of moving parts within the quarter. And so we had to make sure that we manage all those levers. We mentioned, in Mark's comments, we have acquisitions coming in. We have investments for tax reform, and also there was an earlier comment about what are you doing around our Invigorate program around cost improvements. And so within Q1, you've got all that going on, okay? You have that all going on. And so what we needed -- what we do as a management team is we pull together that integrated plan to continue to show progress to get to the outlook that we laid out in the marketplace with those moving parts. With the uncertainty sometimes [Audio Gap]

Yes. So just to add to that, one part of reaffirming the 4% to 5%, if you look at Q1 and we go through some of the pieces and earlier we got a question what's happening on the hospital side, and hospital admissions are stable. But we were very pleased when you kind of look at all the different pieces of the volumes we see from our physician portion of our business, which is the vast majority of where we get our testing. We're actually -- when you think through the different pieces, when you think about what Mark described as some of the headwinds, you couple with that the offset with PAMA in terms of that price reduction in Q1. And when we look at that physician business, we actually felt okay about our performance in Q1. And we thought it was solid. And therefore, we have confidence in the 4% to 5% for this year, which includes that 250 basis points for acquisition; and as you described it, the rest from organic revenue growth.

Yes. So Bryan, it's becoming increasingly more important, particularly, as I mentioned in my introductory comments, we're beginning to manage Medicaid and Medicare Advantage when the payers are obviously taking the risk and they're really trying to understand that 5% of the population represents 50% of the cost. So what we've described with our capabilities in extended care services and specifically called out what we're doing with MedXM, the ability for us to have specific programs, where we use the data we have to pinpoint and to identify the patient, and then they use our call centers and then our on-site services, which could be in a convenient location like a Walmart. But also, it could include one of our care professionals going into someone's home. So a lot of interest around. Yes, we're the world's largest lab, but what we are is the world's largest diagnostic information services company, which includes using the data to identify the opportunities and then manage the care in a more active way and bend the cost curve.

The secondary value we bring to the table, I mentioned it in my remarks, is around quality scores. So if the quality scores are right, they're driving the right care process. And to close those gaps in care, we help identify those patients, which allows them to score better and get higher reimbursement from payers. So it all fits together. The value is well beyond our diagnostic testing.

Okay. Well, we appreciate your time. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your support. You have a great day.