Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. While we had a strong third quarter, we drove 5% growth in the base business despite the impact of Hurricane Ian, and we delivered strong earnings despite inflationary pressures and investments in growth areas.  
Based on our performance, we have raised our outlook for the remainder of 2022. We also made very good progress on our leadership transition, adding management depth and expertise to help us grow in important areas. As you know, Jim will assume the responsibilities as CEO and President on November 1, and I will remain as Executive Chairman.  
Before I turn it over to Jim, I'd like to say a few words about Saving Access for Laboratory Services Act, SALSA. If enacted, SALSA would fix PAMA and put the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule back on a sustainable path. Based on the efforts of our [ trade ] association, support for SALSA has broadened and continues to strengthen.  
As you know, we are currently planning for a Medicare fee schedule reduction under PAMA of $80 million to $90 million in 2023; if Congress does not intervene again this year. However, the work we are doing is aimed at reducing or postponing that burden. Unfortunately, Congress has already acted 3 times to stop further cuts from going into place.  
It is therefore very important that we continue to build support for the enactment of SALSA when Congress returns to Washington after the election. As I transition to the Executive Chairman, I will remain actively engaged on this issue working with ACLA and other stakeholders.  
Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim Davis.

Thanks, Sam. Well, to summarize, we accelerated growth in the base business year-over-year. We grew our base business revenue, while continuing to make investments, which position us well for the future. And we have raised our full year guidance based on our performance in the quarter and our expectations for the remainder of 2022.  
As Jim mentioned earlier, this will be my last earnings call as CEO and President, and I will remain as Executive Chairman. I'd like to thank all of you on this call for your interest in the company. I've enjoyed our many conversations over the last 10 years, and I thank you for your time and commitment to understand our business.
Finally, to the 50,000 colleagues of Quest Diagnostics, it's been the honor of my lifetime to serve as your CEO. Together, we have empowered better health with our insights, grown the business and provide a critical testing capacity through one of the most challenging health care crisis in our history. I will always be grateful of what you've done to serve our customers. Thank you. 
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes.

Thanks, Ann.

Yes. And let me just make another comment about some of the investments we've made because I think there's a little bit of a misunderstanding about that adding to our cost and not helping us as we get into '23 and '24, and Ann, you alluded to that.  
So we've mentioned that this year, we'll be investing about $160 million. And as you recall, in 2021, we started the investments. We took some of the proceeds from COVID. It made roughly $0.25 billion worth of investments in 2 businesses, 1 of them is advanced diagnostics. And as Jim said and we've commented before, we have already started to see -- have faster growth rates because of those investments. And the second is our consumer-initiated testing. 
And we will only make investments, as you would expect, if we expect to get a return. And so what you're going to see in 2023 is particularly around CIT. We're starting to get a return for that investment for CIT. And even though we don't report the financials, you'll see less of a drain on our earnings in 2023 because of the growth rate we will get from CIT, and that will be a tailwind for '23. 
And you asked about 2024. We're not going to give exact details because we will throttle that investment, depending upon how fast the market grows and where we have some capacity to accelerate growth. And so we'll hold back on giving you an exact number about profitability, but we are going to get the return from that $250 million. 
And let me just close by saying that $250 million, some of it is permanent because we're building these 2 businesses, advanced diagnostics and CIT, but some of it was temporal. And so when you think about modeling for '20 through '23, and you look at what you might expect for expenses from us for 2022, and these are total expenses, R&D and SG&A, what we have model and working on is actually expenses in '23 coming down versus 2022. So that's a change because some of these investments were temporal. So I'll just leave it there. Thank you.

Yes. Two comments on Jack's question and Erin's. First of all, our plan is to gain share. And so one element of gaining share is the relationships with health plans. And we do believe we're making progress, and that progress will continue as we pick up more share, particularly with the nationals. 
I just want to make sure we remind you that, that 50 basis point is not exclusive to commercial payer pricing, but all pricing. So commercial payer pricing is within it, and that has improved, to Jim's comment, vastly versus where we were. 
But we have price pressure with client relationships, with physicians. We have price concessions with hospital reference work. So there's other price concessions in that number. But on the commercial payer side, it's less than 50 basis points, and much improved on where it was years ago.

And I'll just remind you all that there is a correlation between COVID volumes and our base business. And so as COVID improves, we believe that could help our base business, and we clearly started to see that in Q3. 
And to some extent, as we've talked before, we have somewhat of a natural hedge because if COVID goes out and base softens, we have seen that in the past. And therefore, the improving COVID situation should be a tailwind on base growth going forward. 
And as we said before, most of our major markets have recovered. We still have not seen full recovery in New York City, and we still believe that we'll gradually step-by-step improve over the next couple of years. We'll go back to where we were in 2019. So that's the only -- the major metropolitan area that we haven't seen full recovery. So from an overall perspective, the COVID direction should be favorable to base.

Thanks, A.J.

And Pito, remember that our base business is growing in '23. So when you think about modeling it off the fourth quarter, remember, the base will grow, okay? And then secondly, just to underscore Jim's comments is this company and will continue under Jim and Sam's leadership has a long track record of productivity improvements. 
And so Jim, in his prepared remarks, talked about our operational excellence program. And we have a specific program called Invigorate, and that Invigorate program is to drive 3% productivity. 
So when you think about 2023 and you think about potentially getting a PAMA cut, you need to think about the expense reduction, base growth as well as Invigorate offsetting some of the inflationary pressure as well as potentially a PAMA cut. 
And I can tell you, we've highlighted this before in our investor presentations, there's a lot more room for us to drive productivity, particularly around augmentation and digitization going forward. And Jim will be driving that as he leads the company.

Thank you.

Okay. I think that was the last question. Again, thank you for your support over the years. If you added up the math, this is my 42nd call. It's been a pleasure working with all of you. Thank you for all your support. And I'm sure you're going to be seeing me around in our travels. So thank you, and have a great day.