Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. 
Well, in one of the most challenging periods of our history, Quest Diagnostics stepped up and expanded COVID-19 testing for the country and delivered stronger-than-expected performance in the second quarter. Second quarter results were driven by COVID-19 testing and a rapid recovery of our base testing volumes. I'm very proud of Quest employees who have been on the frontlines of healthcare, answering the call in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic. 
So this morning, I'll discuss our performance for the quarter, our role in the COVID-19 pandemic and update you on our non-COVID base business and then Mark will provide more detail on the second quarter results and our financial position. We have reinstated our financial outlook for the remainder of the year with a broad range which reflects uncertainty caused by the pandemic. Mark will talk about our outlook and underlying assumptions just in a few minutes.  
Our financial performance in the second quarter was stronger than anticipated, though still lower than the same period of 2019. For the quarter, total revenue declined approximately 6% to $1.83 billion. Earnings per share decreased by approximately 10% on a reported basis to $1.36 and approximately 18% on an adjusted basis to $1.42. These results were driven by a strong bounce back in our base testing volumes from March and April, as the healthcare system began to resume non-urgent care and elective surgeries sooner than we had anticipated. Heavy demand for COVID-19 molecular testing helped partially offset base volume decline as well. 
Demand came in from a number of areas: there's a continuing spread of the virus throughout much of the country; a pent-up need to test non-COVID-19 pre-surgical patients; people in high-risk populations like nursing homes and prisons; the proliferation of retail testing sites; and finally, employer interest in testing employees before they return to work.  
Quest Diagnostics has continued to play a pivotal role in bringing COVID-19 testing capacity to the nation. We've performed roughly 8.5 million COVID-19 molecular diagnostic tests and more than 2.5 million antibody or serology tests. We now have the capacity to perform up to 130,000 molecular diagnostic test a day, double the capacity since mid-May. Over the next couple of weeks, we expect to have the capacity to perform approximately 150,000 molecular diagnostic tests per day. 
Cumulatively, Quest has delivered nearly 20% of all the testing completed in the country. Working together with large national retailers like Walmart and CVS, we've built a new model for consumers to access testing. We're also supporting HHS and state drive-thru testing initiatives across the country. 
I'm very proud of the progress we have made in rapidly scaling up capacity since the pandemic began. However, demand for testing has soared in recent weeks. And we are providing testing results in about 2 days for the highest priority patients. And the average turnaround time for nonpriority patients is at least 7 days. So we're doing everything we can to bring more COVID-19 molecular testing to patients and speed the delivery of test results. 
We continue to add testing platforms and work with our suppliers to ensure access to testing equipment, reagents and professional -- and personal protective equipment.  
We're exploring a range of new technology options, like last week, the FDA granted Quest the nation's first emergency use for -- emergency use authorization to use specimen pooling for COVID-19 molecular testing. This technique, which is currently used with blood banking, will help expand capacity, especially among populations with low incidence. 
Through our lab referral program, we're partnering with other quality laboratories to expand our available capacity. And in recognition of the magnitude of the current demand for testing, we have asked customers to help us prioritize patients we test for COVID-19 at this time.
Quest colleagues have stepped up in so many ways over the last few months to fight COVID-19 pandemic. Our company has been central to the crisis response and I'm proud of our employees on the frontlines who are serving patients, customers and communities every day. 
In June, we offered financial assistance to about 23,000 of our frontline colleagues and their supervisors who incurred increased expenses during the pandemic. In April, we took a series of temporary workforce actions to manage our costs. These included furloughs, reduced hours and pay cuts for salaried employees. And then today, I am very pleased to report the vast majority of these actions were reversed a month earlier to enable us to continue to respond to our customers' increased demand for testing.  
Since March, we've been fighting COVID-19, but we've also been focused on accelerating growth in the base business. And as a reminder, the 5 elements of our strategy to accelerate the growth are: to grow more than 2% per year through accretive, strategically aligned acquisitions; to expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; to offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation; being recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of diagnostic information services; and then finally, support population health with data analytics and extended care services.  
Now let me take you through a few highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth.  During the pandemic, the M&A environment understandably slowed. But despite that, we were able to complete the acquisition of Memorial Hermann outreach business in April and are pleased with early progress. We also recently announced our plan to acquire all of Mid America Clinical Laboratories, or MACL. Once we complete this transaction expected this quarter, Quest will wholly own MACL's laboratory in Indianapolis and about 50 patient service centers across Indiana. Also we'll provide professional lab services under a long-term agreement for 30 hospital labs owned and operated by MACL's founding hospitals, Ascension St. Vincent; and Community Health Network  
Our M&A pipeline remains strong. Given the many challenges that hospitals will face, we expect many more to be open to discussions about how Quest can help them achieve their lab strategy. At the same time, we know that smaller regional laboratories have had their own challenges. This could also produce more opportunity for tuck-in acquisitions. If anything, the pandemic could be in an additional catalyst to help drive industry consolidation. Some transactions in the pipeline that were paused because of the pandemic are being revisited based on the new realities that this healthcare system is experiencing at this time. 
We also continue to make progress on our health plan strategy. We entered our second year of being a member of UnitedHealthcare's Preferred Lab Network, and we are pleased with the results to date. We have met or exceeded key quality metrics such as electronic ordering and resulting and patient service center appointment rates. We've also secured business from more than 180 out-of-network UHC labs, saving money for patients and lowering the overall cost of care. We look forward to making continued progress with the Preferred Lab Network in the second year. 
Over the last few months, we've seen a remarkable surge in the sign-ups of our MyQuest patient portal. Today, more than 11 million patients have a MyQuest account to make appointments and receive their results through their smartphone or computer. Since late April, we've seen a more than threefold increase in weekly registrations, which accelerated at the end of the second quarter. We believe that our patients see and appreciate the ease and convenience of our consumer experience. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark, who will take you through the results. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize in the second quarter, Quest Diagnostics stepped up and rapidly expanded COVID-19 testing for the country and delivered stronger-than-expected performance. Looking forward to the rest of the year, we will continue to expand COVID-19 testing capacity while also serving the unmet needs of healthcare community and drive our strategy to accelerate growth. We reinstated our financial outlook for the full year of 2020 with a broad range, which reflects the continued uncertainty caused by the pandemic.  And finally, I'm very proud of our Quest employees who have been on the frontlines of healthcare, answering the call in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

So it sounds good. Well, on serology end, we are doing serology as we speak. We brought that up in April. We have in our outlook for the year some serology volume. What I will say is there is growing evidence of the value of serology. There's been some debate of the evidence that would suggest if you have the antibodies that, in fact, it provides immunity for a period of time. It is clear that people are starting to weigh in that, in fact, those antibodies do provide confidence that there will not be a reinfection. And as that confidence builds and as we get into the fall and into next year, I do believe there will be a pickup in serology, particularly as we start to think about who should get the vaccine and who should not get the vaccine. So I think some of that is in front of us, but we do have some of that in our outlook. 
And as far as molecular testing and pooling in the numbers that I provided, particularly getting to 150,000 per day in a couple of weeks, some portion of that will be driven by the opportunities we see with pooling. Some portion of that is also driven by adding new systems and new resources to increase our capacity. And what I'll say is we're not stopping there. There's opportunities in front of us beyond that 150,000.

Yes. Sure, sure. First, as far as demand, where is it coming from. In our prepared remarks, we talked about the different elements of demand. And what I'll share with you is that we have demand right now that is exceeding our capacity and we're doing what we can to obviously bring up the capacity. And also what we said in prepared remarks is working with our customers and clients on prioritizing those specimens that we're getting in to make sure we're testing the most urgent need in the country. And we're making progress. And as we bring up the capacity and we manage our demand over the next several weeks and get into August, we believe as we get through August and into September, we'll have a higher level of capacity, but also higher level of demand. And we'll be able to get the turnaround times that are in the acceptable levels that we've had in the past. 
So it's in front of us. We're working hard getting there. And I think all elements that I described will allow us to be successful through the next several weeks. 
As far as demand, Steve, you talked about return-to-work programs. It's starting to come into our demand. We're managing it with employers. We also see in front of us the demand for return to universities and colleges. There'll be a lot of testing required in the month of August around that. We also see physicians bringing up their offices and more physicians are actually sending us specimens that they've collected. So we see that adding to the demand. And then there's been broader access and broader availability of testing, where people have now had access to asymptomatic testing in very convenient locations. And then I mentioned in our remarks, the access we've provided with CVS stores and also with Walmart has increased the demand. 
So I would say across the board, it's growing in all areas. And we do believe, though, as we get into the September months, when we hope there's still a number of employers that are bringing employees back to the office or to work that we are going to be in a place where our capacity will meet the demand that we see in our funnels.

Yes. Let me start with -- we're going into second half. And clearly, our base business is going to continue to be down versus 2019. We are hopeful that we'll start to continue to see some recovery in the back half of the year, but we're not necessarily contemplating any of that in our outlook for 2020. 
As we get into '21, it goes back to us continue to work our strategy for accelerated growth, and we do believe we have the right strategies, and we wanted to share with you in our prepared remarks that we're working on those hard. And I actually believe that the strategies are actually more appropriate given the pandemic than they were before. So if you think through those, 1 is we do believe there could be more acquisitions in front of us for growth through acquisitions. We announced the 2 deals recently that will prepare us nicely in the back half of the year for growth through acquisitions and sets us up for '21 too with that carryover on that. And the funnel that we're seeing and -- we're going to push on that funnel, it will give us some nice growth for acquisitions as we keep on working those in the back half to help us in '21. 
Second is, as far as organic growth in our base business, we continue to work our relationships with the health plans. I would say that our work in the Preferred Lab Network with United is going well. We're going to continue to gain share with them, and we're pushing that same type of approach in concept with many peers throughout our router  contracts, and we believe there is an opportunity for us to pick up share as we've said in our strategy. 
We also continue to work with hospitals. We talked about the MACL deal and it includes professional systems deal, professional lab services deal. We have a number that are being finalized as we speak that we feel good about, and those will give us continued organic growth next year. And then also as we think about our advanced diagnostics and the capabilities we're bringing to the marketplace with gene sequencing and consumer genetic offerings, we believe those strategies will give us some nice opportunities for continued growth next year. 
So we're continuing to push on the base business growth platform. At the same time, we'll have some natural recovery in our base business as the economy and as healthcare recovers. And also through acquisitions. We think we'll be in a good place as we get into '21 to deliver on that objective that we have of 2% growth through acquisitions. 
So Mark, anything you'd like to add to that?

Ricky, on your question about next year and specifically the vaccine. So first of all, we believe there will be COVID-19 testing next year in '21. And second is, if you assume we'll have a vaccine next year sometime, and you go back to what I said earlier about the role of serology in evaluating and prioritizing who should get the vaccine, we do believe there will be a role of testing in '21 for us. And then finally, in terms of working with those that are developing the vaccine, we are actively in conversations of using our data in a productive way to recruit patients and some of this is around the vaccine development. But also using our data to help with the donation of plasma for the country. So good use of our data, which is part of our strategy again for growth. We use our data, the smart way as a diagnostic information services provider to help with the pandemic.

Well, we laid out for you in a pretty detailed fashion, the low end. So you can take a look at those assumptions, and you can have your own point of view, and that's why we wanted to be very, very clear about that assumption. So your notion that Q2 earnings were all pretty much in June is spot on. And the issue with multiplying that times 6 with the back half would be a couple of things. One is our base business was down exiting the month high single digits at average 15 in June. And the question is, is that sustainable? Will it take a step back? Will it get worse? We don't know. So certainly, if it were to improve or we're to hold for the whole 6 months, let's say, down 10% versus that 20% assumption on our floor, that would make a material difference for the business. And as I just described, at an 80% drop down, and you can do some of the math, but our core business was about $2 billion a quarter before COVID. So 1,000 basis points is a pretty difference on revenue and OM. 
On the PCR, we shared that we're assuming the volumes dropped down in Q4, not because we have any foreknowledge but because, as I said, return to work and back to school will largely be behind us, and because we don't know. So we want to be cautious about putting out a guidance that counts on a level of PCR testing that at this point is unpredictable. Obviously, if we go through Q3 and we get better knowledge towards Q4 and see a need to update that, we would do so. But given how things have moved, Ralph, you want to be really careful. 
The other thing is, as I said, we fully expect if we continue to have high levels of COVID and need this testing that the Federal Emergency will continue, but because that's unpredictable, it could actually be revoked at any time. We want to be very careful about assumptions on reimbursement for our molecular tests. And so at this point, we're only building in that reimbursement through a 90-day extension, since that's been voiced by HHS. And while we would hope and expect if COVID continues, that, that reimbursement will continue into Q4. That would make a very significant difference as well. But that is not in either the bottom or the high end of our current guidance.

Yes. So we start with pooling. So what you mentioned is true, that is, it's more beneficial in areas that have low prevalence. We've started to ramp up our capacity that will be driven for it and getting some nice boost in our capacity, which we're planning for, as I mentioned, to get to that 150,000 in a couple of weeks. So we're going to apply those concepts in our laboratory developed test locations and try to steer it towards the low prevalence areas to be able to get the best bang for the buck. So we'll push that in.  The multiplier is considerable when you have low prevalence. So that would be very helpful to bringing up our capacity. We'll keep up pushing on it. 
As far as testing for non-U.S. geographies, frankly, we are focused entirely, for all intents and purposes, on the U.S. We could consider it in '21, but it's not in our plans right now. And we haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it as we sit here dealing with the pandemic in the U.S.

Well, obviously, this is beyond Quest Diagnostics and rationing or prioritizing who should get it and what's the progression and how you distribute it throughout the United States. But like with other vaccines, you'd likely give it to the higher risk groups. And the higher-risk groups are those groups that we actually tested initially higher on the priority list for COVID testing. And so those who're with preexisting condition, or over the age of 65 and obviously, people that have been compromised with other respiratory illnesses in the past.  So independent of serology and antibody testing, my assumption would be those at risk groups would be high in the priority list. 
And then the second priority list would be everyone else. And if, in fact, you were to test positive for the antibodies, then my sense is there will be evidence at that point that will suggest that, in fact, you have immunity for a period of time. And the question will be how much of this would be public policy versus independent choice of whether you want to have the vaccine or not. That's all speculative on my part, a lot to be determined. First of all, where the vaccine will come from, when it's going to be available, how much will the U.S. get. And also, this is going to be, I'm sure, debated throughout the United States as we get into it.

Sure, sure. So first of all, we do have an assumption that commercial rates are aligned with Medicare rates. And Mark, why don't you just remind everyone what we have in the outlook going forward as far as our assumptions for reimbursement.

Yes. As far as policy, payment policy, reimbursement policy, it is evolving. What I'll share is that frequency policies. First of all, as we all know, you can test negative 1 week and the next week it could be positive. So therefore, it's quite important that people feel that they should get tested if they've been exposed. And if, in fact, they believe that they might have some early symptoms. So we're continuing to take that as the position and I think, by and large, people support that notion. But you have seen positions taken on return-to-work programs that employers are moving with. And in many cases, these employees are self-insured, so sort of a moot issue, what pocket it comes from. But for those fully insured employers, there is positions by some of the insurers that, that's not included in their health care reimbursement policy. So therefore it should be paid for by the employers. And then equally with universities and colleges, whether the students, free on-campus testing is excluded in the reimbursement like a physical would be if they're going back-to-school or playing sports or going to camp. There's some debate around that. 
So I would say, or characterize it, Lisa, as people are debating some of this, we're seeing kind of a growing trend with some of this. And then also as we evolve, we are trying to understand who should get tested and who should not get tested. There is even some question of whether after you've been tested positive for 14 days right now, most people are operating on the protocol that you get retested again. But there are some views that maybe that second test to verify you're negative is not of great value and therefore, this might help reduce the demand that we have on the system right now. So that's being debated as well. 
So it's evolving, a lot of discussion. And Mark, anything you'd like to add to reimbursement in general on COVID?

Mark, do you want to take the first part of this around payment? I think that was the question.

Yes. Matt, on return-to-work programs and University, role of, let's just say, point-of-care devices, we are looking at all those devices and where they can help us, particularly around surveillance. And what we're finding for the initial testing, if you will, the gold standard is the PCR test for molecular diagnostic workup. And then secondly is for serology, our blood-based test is the gold standard. So the sensitivity and specificity of both those are the best, still to this day. And there are a few devices that are coming to the marketplace that are offering, we think, an opportunity for us to include that in our services that we provide to both employers and to university, specifically some of the antigen devices that are coming to the marketplace. We're looking at those devices and some of the sensitivity is around 85%, which is lower than our sensitivity. But for surveillance and in combination with possibly serology and just overall biometric screening of some form, it could be a helpful set of tools for us to manage a population over time. So we are thinking about how we will include those in our services to employers and also to universities as they have surveillance for their populations going forward.

Brian, you're breaking up.

Much better, much better, yes.

Yes. Well, first of all, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we are going to push it beyond 150,000. And we do see capacity -- excuse me, we do see demand going forward that's going to be beyond 150,000. And we do believe we'll get to a point where our capacity will meet that demand. And so we will get there. We'll go beyond the 150,000. 
And the limiting factors are combination of machines. So getting the IVD test systems and laboratory test equipment. And particularly for a laboratory developed test, it's not just the platforms -- the PCR platforms but in our setup, there's actually 2 other pieces that you need to consider, it's the extraction, and then second is the liquid handling. And it's has been some machine constraints on us for getting those systems to be able to bring up more and more capacity. But we're working with all our suppliers to get as much as we can get to bring our capacity and take it beyond the 150,000. 
The second is just manpower. We're running 24/7. And as I mentioned in my remarks, doing 8.5 million tests over the last 4 months, our teams are working nonstop and remember this is in our microbiology department that has gone from the backwater of the laboratory to front and center. And we have capacity limits around the people and those that are trained adequately to deliver on this. 
And then third is just physically, we need to get these systems in place. We need to have the adequate controls and training in place, and that just takes some time. And then fourth is the reagents. We are rate limited by how much juice we get to run all our different platforms. And we're working with our suppliers and getting more. We have had some shortages with some of the suppliers, and that has not helped our ability to deliver results. And so we're working actively to get them to, first of all, give us more and then secondly be reliable on what they commit to delivering against us. 
I'll also say that everyone is working incredibly well together, the IVD manufacturers working with the task force, White House working at future ideas of where we can get more capacity. We're all pushing hard to get more and more capacity. But to answer your question, those are the rate-limiting factors around what we need to do to get it beyond 150,000. But we will get it beyond 150,000, and that's where we want to be able to meet the demand we see particularly as we get into the late August, early September time frame.

Yes. So let me characterize it this way, primary care, I'll put OB/GYNs in that as well, we've seen a nice rebound as physicians have opened back up their offices and called back some of their patients. In some cases, they have extended hours. So we've seen a nice bounce back on that piece of our demand. Secondly is we are seeing some nice recovery in some of those procedures that might have been pent-up and our pathology tissues have actually rebounded in a good way. We're not sure it's entirely sustainable because there might be -- some of this is reacted to the pent-up demand that is coming back to us that we lost in April and May and we started to see it in June that will come into the summer. And that's why when we talk about outlook, we are cautious to make sure that we're not taking the June run rate as a run rate forever in the summer. We actually might see some slowdown related to that being absorbed, if you will, through the system, and then we'll get to the run rate that we should expect for a reasonable period of time in Q3. 
And then some of our other businesses -- we have our life insurance business, frankly, that's down considerably. We haven't seen a big recovery there or preemployment drug testing business is starting to come back as employers start to hire people, but it's down conservatively versus '19. Our employer population health business, where we do wellness programs for employers is down considerably. Many of those events have been canceled. So I would say it's really a wide variation with the best being primary care and the worst being those that are tied to the economy and in general, constraints around normal programs like life insurance and wellness and hiring people. 
So Mark anything you'd like to add to that?

Yes. So think about the best is obviously the lowest and where we pool and we could put 4 specimens in a well, quadruples throughput per batch, if you will. And if there's 0 positives then you get it all, where you have positives within that run, you have to test those, that whole well. And that obviously starts to eat into the productivity gain. So the best is lower than 2%. We actually have a number of states and geographies that are in that range. Actually, right now, the Northeast is doing quite well. We hope that is sustained. And then as you start to go up to high single digits, it starts to lose its effectiveness because of all the retesting you need to do. 
So clearly, less than 5% is in the sweet spot, and greater than 5% starts to get marginally worth it. 
But we have plenty -- if you look at pooling, again, the pooling is applied to our laboratory developed tests. It's a piece of our capacity. It's going to give us more capacity to get us to that 150,000 and also, we believe, beyond. But we're not just doing pooling to get more capacity. We're adding new systems, and processes and people, everything we talked about earlier. So it'll give us some of the capacity, but there's other things we're doing as well.

Okay. Well, we appreciate the time on the phone. We appreciate the extent and interest in our business, and we hope you, like us, are appreciative of everyone at Quest and what we're doing, and we appreciate your support as well. So have a great day everybody.