Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well, this morning, I'll discuss the fourth quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy. And then Mark will provide more detail on the results and take you through our 2020 guidance. But we had a solid fourth quarter and ended the year by delivering record revenues, earnings and cash from operations. Strong volume growth from expanded health and planned network access, combined with outstanding execution of our operational excellence strategy helped us offset significant reimbursement pressure. 
For the fourth quarter, we grew revenues 4.8%, and reported EPS was $1.86, and adjusted EPS was $1.67, up nearly 24% from the same period in 2018. Volume growth remained strong at 4.1%. For the full year of 2019, revenues grew 2.6%, reported EPS grew 16% to $6.13, and adjusted EPS grew 4% to $6.56, and volume grew 4.3%. 
In addition, we are increasing our quarterly dividend by nearly 6%. And this is the ninth increase since 2011. Before getting into more details of the fourth quarter, I'd like to discuss how Quest fits squarely within Health Care's AAA as well as comment on PAMA, and the recent passage of the LAB Act. So many providers within health care are focusing on health care's AAA, which is all about improving medical quality and the patient experience, while reducing the cost of care. 
Quest is dedicated to providing great medical and service quality. One example is that we drive Six Sigma quality in our logistics performance by tracking specimen pickups. We're proud that our quality enabled us to become a member of UnitedHealthcare's preferred lab network. 
Second, over the past several years, we've made great strides on improving the patient experience. Investments in digital platforms and our patient service centers as well as our partnerships with retailers such as Safeway and Walmart are helping to drive patient satisfaction scores above 90%. 
Also our Net Promoter Score exceeds 80%, which is very high, particularly in health care services. Finally, Quest offers the best value in the lab industry. Test prices for many of our smaller boutique and hospital competitors can be 2 to 5x higher than our prices and sometimes even more. So taken together, our medical quality, patient experience and competitive pricing delivers a value proposition that is second to none in our industry. 
I'd like to update you on 3 fundamental changes to the marketplace, which I believe favor Quest. First, PAMA. This is the largest cut to Medicare reimbursement this industry has ever seen. Second, we see health plans focusing on the wide variation in price for health care delivery. And they are looking at opportunities to work with fewer, higher value providers. Our expanded network access with UnitedHealthcare and the implementation of the preferred lab network are perfect examples of this. And then third is the increasing consumerization of health care. Consumers are shouldering more and more of the cost of health care, and they're looking for the best value. We believe Quest Diagnostics is the best deal in town. 
I'd like to quickly comment on PAMA and the latest development regarding the passage of the LAB Act. We were pleased to see the LAB Act become law in late December. And it is the first step in fixing CMS' deeply flawed data collection process. The Lab Act will delay the data reporting period for 1-year, to the first quarter of 2021. It will also require MedPAC to identify a better way to collect the data that reflects private market rates as Congress initially intended. 
As many of you know, the 1-year delay now means that CMS will delay on the existing fee schedule for the basis of cuts in 2021. Despite the increase in reimbursement reduction caps from 10% in 2020 to 15% in 2021. We expect the PAMA headwinds in 2021 to be relatively consistent with 2019 and 2020. 
Additionally, ACLA, our trade associations, continues its legal challenge against HHS. Both sides have submitted their briefs to the courts and the matters in the hands of the judge. We expect a decision sometime this year. 
Now turning to our recent performance in progress. The first part of our 2-point strategy is to accelerate growth, which has 5 elements: grow more than 2% per year through accretive, strategically aligned acquisitions; expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation, be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of diagnostic information services. And then finally, support population health with data analytics and extended care services. 
Now let me take you through a few highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth. Our acquisition pipeline remains strong. During the fourth quarter, we announced the acquisition of Boston Clinical Laboratories, a small regional laboratory in Massachusetts. We also recently announced 2 new acquisitions, the first, Blueprint Genetics. It strengthens our leadership position in advanced diagnostics through proprietary bioinformatics, which is often a bottleneck in next-generation sequencing. Blueprint's proven platform in specialty genetics, especially variant interpretation and reporting is expected to significantly speed the average rate -- time of interpretation. We also announced a multifaceted long-term collaboration with the Memorial Hermann health system, one of the largest not-for-profit health systems in Southeast Texas. 
As part of the agreement, Quest will acquire Memorial Hermann's offering/services business and manage all of 17 of its inpatient hospital labs in Greater Houston under our professional lab services agreement. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter. 
And then finally, we recently signed a professional laboratory services agreement with an 8 hospital health system in Tennessee. We continue to see accelerating revenue and volume growth as a result of our expanded health plan network access. The sequential acceleration in volumes demonstrates our ability to drive continued market share growth. We look forward to the further rollout of United's preferred lab network featuring $0 out-of-pocket cost for members. 
The test growth drivers in the quarter and full year include drug monitoring, tuberculosis testing of both QuantiFERON and T-SPOT, HemePath, our blood cancer test and Cardio IQ. Each of these test categories posted solid contributions to revenue growth. Overall, our gene-based and esoteric testing grew approximately 5% for the year, an acceleration from low single-digit growth a year ago. 
And then our second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We delivered on our 2019 goal to reduce our cost base by 3% by continuing to drive increases in productivity. We see more opportunities ahead to drive further productivity gains, while enhancing the customer experience. So here's 3 examples. First, for our immunoassay platform consolidation is expected to provide greater throughput, autonomy and more efficient footprint, while saving us approximately $35 million annually when fully implemented. 
Second, we are optimizing our lab network through investments in our new flagship laboratory in Clifton, New Jersey. When operationally active in 2021, our new lab is expected to consolidate 3 regional hub labs, double our average throughput and provide 30% more capacity. And then third, we're using digital technology to enhance the customer experience. Nearly 9 million patients have downloaded the MyQuest digital platform, which enables them to make appointments and receive their results. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark to go through the results. Mark?

Well, thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we had a solid fourth quarter and ended the year by delivering record revenues, earnings and cash. Quest is well positioned in 2020 to grow revenues and earnings, despite another year of meaningful reimbursement pressure. And then finally, our guidance for 2020 is realistic and achievable. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. So thanks, Ricky, for the question. So to remind everyone, we have a long-term goal of having 1% to 2% of growth through acquisitions as part of our 5 strategies to accelerate growth. What we have shared is that we made good progress against that over the last several years. And because of the 3 elements that we see at play in our marketplace. We do believe that it affords us an opportunity to consolidate the market. So last fall, we did increase our expectation and our goal to get to about 2% through acquisitions. And if you look at 2018, we beat that number. If you look at what we just reported for '19, we're a little light. But if you look at '18, '19, we're about that 2% level. And then that 2% is a CAGR. Because as you know, all acquisitions are somewhat lumpy. We're going to have some stronger quarters. 
We're going to have some weaker quarters in terms of acquisition growth, but we're shooting for that 2%. So what we just announced in the last several weeks, we think are good indications that we continue to work on our pipeline. We believe Blueprint Genetics is a good opportunity to invest in advanced diagnostics, that will provide some growth and some capabilities to organizations that we think are helpful to accelerate growth. 
And then second is what we also announced around Memorial Hermann is a great example of what we have done in the past, and we'll continue to do more of. And we're actively engaged with many other integrated delivery systems around that concept. And to remind you, it's comprehensive, where we're helping them with their hospital laboratory, making them more efficient. In that regard, we're helping them with their reference testing for the hospital. And then finally, in the Memorial Hermann case, we bought their outreach business. And so what we have shared in the past, our funnel is strong. But these deals become more complicated. They're big systems. They have many hospitals, there's many stakeholders. So this is just taking more time. So funnel is good. 
And we just announced 2 deals. And so we think we're starting 2020 with a good pop of acquisitions, and we're also hopeful there will be more to come throughout the year. So Mark?

Yes, let me provide a little bit of color, then Mark will add to it. So what we shared throughout 2019. Given the volume growth and what we just reported the volume growth, we're picking up share. And yes, we're picking up share from United, as we had expected. And then second, we'll we pick up share for United, we believe we're actually picking up share from other payers and other portions of the business. We also have managed our Aetna relationship quite well. It continues to be a strong partner of ours with them letting back into the network of one of our competitors had an effect there as well. So we feel good about the progress made in '19. And what I say is implied in our guidance for 2020 is a continuation of that market share gain program in our acceleration of growth strategy. 
As we said back in Investor Day 2018, we believe that the new access changes that we now have afford us about $1 billion worth of opportunity. We have a good start on that in '19. And clearly, we have more opportunity in 2020 and beyond. Incumbent at all that assumes that we're going to pick up share. And as I said, there's a lot of aspects of that, and we're just getting started with -- for a lab network for United. And so therefore, implied in our guidance is picking up share again, and some of that will come from the United. Mark?

Yes, sure. We actually did a very thorough job of evaluating all the different alternatives. We have selected a vendor for that. And we've started the deployment of the systems that we have to deploy to allow us to achieve that eventual $35 million in savings. And so we've started to deploy those as some of our larger facilities.

Sure, let's get...

Yes, on the retail strategy, it goes back to, as I outlined our 5 strategies to accelerate growth. And it's all part of our consumer strategy and the consumer strategy is those multiple strategies. And 1 piece of it is we want to have better physical presence. And so we've been working on getting better physical presence for a number of years. To remind everyone, we have about 2,100 patient service centers. We have over 4,000 phlebotomists in physicians' offices. So excess of 6,000 access points. And with those patient service centers, when we started down this strategy, we had about 20% and we're retail-like settings, more strip malls, community locations, not in medical office parks. And our goal is to get to 50%. So we want to have 50% of our centers in more retail-like settings. 
And so to help us with that, we actually have formed some partnerships with Safeway, relationship has gone well. We're in about 150 stores. We then added to that, our joint venture with Walmart. We continue to make progress there with their patient service centers. You also might see that Walmart is making some other moves in health care. We're engaged with them on that. 
And then finally, as we continue to talk to you and have relationships with other retail-like partners in health care as they continue to advance their strategies as well. So [building] about 20%, we're about 30% now with retail-like settings. We've got more work to do to get to the 50%, but that's our goal. We believe it's important that we have more retail-like settings because, as I said in my introductory remarks, this market is getting more and more consumer-oriented every day. We believe that the consumer will look at the value proposition, we'll look at the triple aim. 
To remind you, it's great health care, it's great experience at great pricing, and we think our strategy delivery really points us to the right direction. The physical presence and the convenience of walking into a Quest diagnostic facility we think is part of that. So progress made, but more work to do, and we're really fortunate to have some of the partners we have, and we think we're on the path of getting to that 50%.

Yes, you'll get a little bit of color, operationally and Mark reviewed some of what's implied in our guidance within reason. First of all, it's a very strong labor market. And then it separate our exempt workforce, our professional workforce for nonexempt. Our nonexempt workforce is where we feel the pressure. Nonexempt workforce -- there's various areas of our value chain. We have about 12,000 phlebotomists. We have over 3,500 couriers, running our logistics operations in automobiles. We have thousands of what we call specimen processors. And so if you look at the front end of our value chain, that's where we see some pressure. So what we're finding, and it's all very local is that we have pressure in some of those geographies to up our wages more than we have historically because we have to be competitive with other competitors, if you will, for those resources. So that's putting pressure on our wage bill. So Mark, do you want to give a perspective on what that means in terms of scale?

If I heard that question correctly, you're asking for some color around Blueprint Genetics of the $0.15. And just provide a little bit of strategic logic and operation in how this will work? So again, we're investing in Advanced Diagnostics. We have shared that we want to continue to accelerate it. We just reported that if you look at our genetic ancestor testing was up by about 5% last year. We continue to invest in that in a number of areas. And specifically, we believe the acquisition of Blueprint Genetics, brings some nice capabilities and a proven commercial organization into Quest. It brings us some nice capabilities typically related to the variant interpretation that I talked about in my remarks. 
And then also specifically, applying that to some of the specialty categories. They have over 200 panel tests today. And so if you look at their coverage, okay, and their depth of interrogation of the data. It provides us a nice capability to leverage what they've already done, but also bring to that where we want to do more, typically around rare diseases where we like to interrogate the data to find the insight. So we're really encouraged about the capability we're just onboard. And Mark? 
We talked about the impact on our earnings in 2020. Do you want to provide some color to it?

Yes. So Preferred Lab Network, we've said in the past, it really got started in the fall where UnitedHealthcare, where their fully insured books started to play, some of the principles of deferred lab network. And then beyond that, it's really just getting started in 2020. And we're optimistic that that will provide us, again, to gain share. So Mark, specifically to...

So Erin, you asked about the lab stewardship program. And let me bring it back to, again, we're actively working our strategy to build relationships with health systems, hospital health systems. We've been actively working on this for a number of years. And when we go into a health system, and it is at the C-suite. We talked about our ability to help them make their hospital more efficient and effective in diagnostics. And then secondly, as part of that, the sophisticated testing that is sending out, we could do more for them and we can do a better job of how we manage that. And then thirdly, when we always get into those conversations, we then now with PAMA and with the pressure for commercial rates have conversations around their outreach business. Does that continue to make sense for them to have it. 
In the case of Memorial Hermann, there was an example where, again, a hospital sold us their business. So as we get in there, it's all about building a relationship. We help them manage their diagnostics. And our last stewardship program is being deployed through many of our good accounts, our good accounts, it's going quite well. And this is all about getting smarter about diagnostics. And it goes back to the notion of a triple aim, it's about better health care, it's about better experience and that's at lower cost. And what we're finding as you get more analytics, like everything, what you find out is there's over utilization and we need to get rid of that to make them more efficient. But what we're also finding is there's underutilization. 
And so we become more of a consultative adviser in terms of diagnostics. And one thing that we like to talk about is there's nothing more expensive than a biodiagnosis for a hospital setting. And so with their lab stewardship program and with the relationships, we're working proactively with our partners to be able to deliver a better answer for the tertiary [ care centers ]. And again, Memorial Hermann is a great recent example of them listening to our story, understanding what we're going to do for them, and now we have a new partner in one of the largest cities in the United States. So we're really encouraged about the progress we've made over the number of years and the prospects in front of us.

Yes. So thanks, Bill. The first part of your question has to do with transparency and surprise bills and pushback from providers about that, and it's complex, as you know. But going back to my prepared remarks, we believe, if you just look at the value proposition we are bringing to the marketplace, we'd like to get more and more exposure to the prices that are out there for us because, as I said, with the full confidence, we believe we're the best deal in town. And so making sure consumers see that, making sure physicians see that, making sure that plans are working with us to move more of their laboratory services to a great value provider like Quest Diagnostics is what the strategy is all about. 
And so the more visibility of that is a good thing for us. And we're doing this with the plans and the Preferred Lab Network is part of that. We're also doing this with employers with the plans. Because as those employers look at their employee cost of health care, they're looking at what they can do to help their employees out, and we believe our category is a good example of where they can do that. But if they do it for us, they could do is also other health care services like radiology and physical therapy. So we think it's a good opportunity for us. And then finally, you asked the question about Preferred network. We continue to work with other partners. 
We have the nationals, but we also have a number of regionals. And as you know, we enjoy a large presence in Florida. If you look at Florida Blue Cross Blue Shield, even though, they haven't announced a Preferred Lab Network, we are very strong in Florida, and we have a great relationship with them. So in essence, you could say they are our preferred labs, even though, we haven't announced it. So as we work through where we go with this long-term, you'll see what others are willing to provide publicly. But this will continue to be a trend that we'll keep on working. Mark?

Yes, yes. So thank you for the question. And our professional lab services business is something we've built over time. We've got a nice referenceable book of business and great clients that we continue to build on. We actually did say in our prepared remarks that we announced another relationship in Tennessee. Memorial Hermann is yet another example. And what I'll share with you -- you'll hear more about -- where professional and lab services business going forward. In our 2019 results, we did have some growth from it. I'll have Mark comment on the specifics around that. 
But we believe it's an important element of, again, walking in and having an engaged conversation with [different] delivery systems around their lab strategy. And helping them make their hospital laboratory, better, more efficient and more effective as an important part of that. And so now we have a proven trucker, being able to do it. We have augmented that with their lab stewardship program, and then we also have logged with that with our clear ability to be able to acquire outreach businesses. It provides more of the sophisticated testing, particularly around advanced diagnostics. So it's moving along nicely, and it's becoming a real strength of us and delivering the growth that we expected. Mark?

Yes, the interesting thing too that we mentioned in the press release for Memorial Hermann, but many of these systems also have their own plans, their own health plan. So what we're finding is kind of a secondary benefit is we become their preferred or their exclusive provider laboratory service within their plans. And Memorial Hermann is a good example of that. So it's an added benefit of having these relationships.

Yes. Yes, absolutely. Yes. So first of all, if you think about our value chain. We actually do the draws for about 40% of our volume, okay? That's done through our phlebotomist that are either in patient service centers or in physician offices. That trend is actually moving more to our site. So we're doing more and more draws. It's a small gradual shift to us, which says 60% is still provided by physicians or our clients in hospitals. So think about the our front end, if you will, of the value chain that way. What we believe is if we have a better experience and in better locations, we're going to be able to get share. And so we believe that we're we are growing the front end that we deliver ourselves faster than our overall growth because of this shift in the marketplace and also the experience being good as well. 
And as far as other relationships, all -- this is a health care service providers are looking at their strategy. We mentioned Walmart, Mark earlier, they're a big player in health care. They're getting bigger with the opening of some clinics. We have great partnership with Aetna, they have now merged with CVS. CVS Health is building up pumps, which is an extension of what they've done with their MinuteClinics. We were a partner of theirs with MinuteClinics. And as that strategy evolves, we'll have a presence with them and others as we go forward. 
So -- and also we will continue to organically to do some of the retailization, if you will, of our fleet of patient service centers because we do see opportunities within local geographies to do some of it ourselves. So it is a multiyear strategy that we keep on making progress against and partnerships continue to be an important part of it.

Yes. So first of all, as we said, I think we have a lot more interest today than we did 2 or 3 years ago with integrated delivery systems. But what we just announced with Memorial Hermann is complex, and so these deals just take a longer period of time. We do already have, over the years, a number of significant systems. If you remember, when we bought the outreach business from Dignity, which is a major player on the West Coast. PeaceHealth is another example. I'll remind you, we have a long-standing relationship with UPMC in Pittsburgh. We have a long-standing relationship with Integris in Oklahoma City. So we have a long history of working actively with these great delivery systems long before the deal before with UMASS. 
And I would argue this is a good example of a large system in a large city coming in our direction. And a good proof point that there will be more like this to come. And the reason why Memorial Hermann chose us is because we have this proven history of being able to pull it off. We can help them with their hospital. We can help them with the reference work, we can buy their outreach business. We can integrate it. We could tie in to their physicians, we can help them with their health plan. So we have a long-standing history and credibility with a referenceable book of clients that serves us well. 
Because laboratory testing is an essential part of running an integrated delivery system, it's 2% of costs, 70% health care decision-making. It's critical that when working with a partner, they get it right. So Brian, I think we do continue to see this as a good indication that there will be more to come. And this is a major system that we're happy to be able to announce.

Yes. And so if you look at our initial guidance of 1% to 3% contemplated in 1% to 3% growth are the acquisitions that we've talked about, which we historically have done, which says that there's organic growth in there. We've also said that we have less reimbursement pressure in 2020 than we had in 2019. We've sized that to be about 200 basis points to give you an idea of the scale. That helps us on, okay? We then have these new deals. That we just talked about, they're going to provide PLS. As we said, they're going to start to ramp, particularly in the second quarter. So that will help us with some of the growth. And so therefore, when you go through all the math, we have to have volume growth. And we have to pick up share, and that's implied in our guidance. 
So entirely consistent, okay? What we've told it to you before is that '19 was a good start. But it doesn't start with '19. We're going to continue to build on that momentum. And we will continue to see access improvement of gains in share with the Preferred Lab Network with the other payers that we brought into our fold last year and that implied in our guidance is grow through acquisition. And growth through market share gains related to work with payers and other parts of our strategy.

Yes, margins, we've been consistent where we haven't guided around margins because we have a mix of businesses. We're driving growth, and we're driving a return on invested capital. And we had provided outlook around growth and earnings per share. We think that's the best way for us to drive shareholder value. So we're not going to really comment on what the margins will be year-on-year. But we go through the math, you can get it from private markets could be based upon the top line growth and what we have guided as far as our EPS growth.

So Jeff, we're always looking at aligning our adjustments around our strategy and having a balanced approach. And related to acquisitions, we are -- typically, what you're seeing for us is acquisitions falling in 1 of 3 categories. One is regional laboratories. We've talked about Boston Clinical last fall, regional laboratory we just acquired. We did one in Missouri last year. So we'll continue to pursue those. Second hospital -- outreach businesses, Memorial Hermann is a good example of that. We like those deals are accretive to our earnings. They provide real growth. We really like the stickiness, if you will, of the customer relationships we take on board, and then capability building. 
And so Blueprint Genetics is an example of capability building. We thought it would be prudent for us to make an investment there. We think it's very consistent with our strategy. It's modest in size, but it's going to give us a nice capability around bioinformatics, around the variant interpretation that I spoke to. It'll allow us to achieve that strategy of accelerating growth in advanced Diagnostics, which is a category as we shared in the past, our definition is genetics and molecular, we do over $1 billion. And we believe that that is prospectively a great opportunity for us to continue to invest, and that's why we made it. 
So we will continue down that path of a balanced approach, consistent with our strategy with deals that we can make money for shareholders and trust that when we are making any deal, including the ones we just announced, we have a path to value creation for our shareholders.

Typically, I don't give any kind of guidance beyond the current year-end at hand. But what I will say is that this is the largest year for Clifton, 2020, we're expecting to be operational in 2021. The Clifton facility has been the driver, certainly this year. Last year and even back into '18 in the increase in our relative level of capital spending. We haven't announced any similar plans like that. So you might infer from that that capital spending might come down a little beyond 2020.

We haven't, by year, what we have disclosed that it was about $250 million investment over 3 years.

Yes. So we sold our Teterboro property, and we're going to lease back right now until we exited and moved to Clifton and that was a big contributor to the year-over-year GAAP earnings gain. We adjusted that out of our adjusted income, but it was a nice cash inflow. And as you know, and that goes into financing, not into operating cash flow. And actually, the tax on the gain actually goes against operating cash flow in 2020. So from an accounting perspective, it's a little bit disconnected. But we actually got quite a bit of cash from the sale of Teterboro in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Sure. So thank you very much. Appreciate your engagement. We appreciate your support and look forward to seeing you in our travels. Have a great day.