Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Over the past 2 years, our 50,000 Quest employees have risen to the challenge of COVID-19 innovating, persevering and remaining committed to the patients and customers we serve. While doing so, they also grew our base business by more than 19% in 2021, achieving record levels. I'm extremely proud of what we have accomplished as a team. So we have a lot of news to cover this morning, and I want to get into that so we can have your questions.  
So let's get started. So first, I'll start by sharing some color on the leadership transition we have announced this morning. Then we'll review our performance for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2021. And then finally, Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and talk about our financial outlook for 2022. So as you have seen, in our announcement this morning, we've begun implementing a gradual leadership succession plan under which Jim Davis, Executive Vice President of General Diagnostics, will succeed me to become Chief Executive Officer on November 1, 2022. At that time, I will continue to serve on the Quest Board of Directors as Executive Chairman.  
Quest Diagnostics is a great company that is well positioned to continue to deliver shareholder value. As I approached a decade in the role, the Board and I determined that now is the right time to begin to turn over to a new leader. Jim Davis is extremely well-qualified to be CEO, having managed a large part of this company in his role as Executive Vice President. He has deep knowledge of Quest in the health care industry and the corporate world gained through more than 35 years of business experience. Jim is widely respected and will be a strong CEO.  
When I took this role nearly 10 years ago, Quest was not growing nor realizing its potential. We launched a new strategy, Our New Quest, to drive transformational change. To drive that change, we built a new leadership team, and Jim has been a key member of that team. We built a business strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. 
To drive growth, we focused on improving relationships with health plans and hospital health systems. In expanding fast-growing businesses in advanced diagnostics and consumer testing. In addition, we've added about 2% revenue growth on average through accretive strategically lying acquisitions over the last several years. We have driven operational excellence, and our invigorate program has consistently improved quality, and customer experience while generating 3% productivity each year. And we've made more inclusive by increasing the diversity of our Board and amongst our management ranks. 
Finally, we established Quest for Health Equity in 2020, over $100 million committed to reduce health care disparities among underserved in the United States, particularly in communities of color. I am very proud of what we have accomplished together. And if you consider the opportunities in front of us, in many ways, we're just getting started. We have a strong team, and Jim has been a key leader in our transformation. He runs our General Diagnostics business, which accounts for more than 80% of revenues and 3/4 of our employees. He manages operations, including sales and marketing, patient services, logistics, laboratories, billing and customer services. He also oversees the drive operational excellence strategy, which includes our Invigorate program. He has provided enterprise oversight for a pandemic response. And if that wasn't enough, he's also led the development of Quest ESG strategy.  
So Jim, congratulations. I look forward to working very closely with you through this transition.

Thanks, Jim. Now at the same time, Mark is planning to retire this year. Mark has been in his role for more than 8 years and help navigate us to the strong position where it is today. We have begun a process in which I will be working closely with Jim to identify Quest's new CFO, and Mark will participate in the selection process, he will remain in the roll through the transition. Mark, I want to thank you for your many contributions, your partnership and your friendship. You've been a key member of our leadership team, and we have transformed Quest and accelerate its growth.

Now turning to our results. We closed out 2021 with another record year of revenue, earnings and cash from operations. Our base business recovered throughout the year, and we experienced strong demand for COVID-19 testing services. So for the full year 2021, total revenues grew by more than 14% to $10.8 billion. Earnings per share increased by nearly 49% on reported basis to $15.55 and more than 27% on an adjusted basis to $14.24. Cash provided by operations increased by more than 11% to $2.2 billion. And for the fourth quarter, total revenues were $2.7 billion, a decrease of roughly 9% versus 2020 when COVID-19 volumes were surging. 
Earnings per share were $3.12 on a reported basis and $3.33 on an adjusted basis, both down approximately 26% versus the prior year. 
So I'd like to share some perspective on the role of COVID-19 testing going forward. A lot of progress has been made in the battle against COVID-19, but we believe it isn't going away anytime soon. Our molecular volumes began this year strong with volumes peaking in mid-January. Testing will continue to play an important part of managing COVID-19, and we believe that molecular testing remains the gold standard. We continued to perform well throughout this surge, maintaining average turnaround times of 2 days or less for COVID molecular testing. We will continue to maintain appropriate testing capacities and staffing levels to be prepared for any additional surges throughout this year if they emerge. 
We also continue to believe there will be a bigger role for serology testing and how we measure COVID-19 protection going forward. Ultimately, we expect COVID-19 testing to eventually more flu-like and become a permanent part of our portfolio going forward. 
Now turning to our base business. We continue to make progress executing our two-point strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence, while we delivered 2% revenue growth on our base business from acquisitions again last year. In the fourth quarter, we acquired the assets of Labtech Diagnostics, a regional independent laboratory serving physicians and patients, primarily in South and North Carolina, Georgia and Florida. This is the first full-service laboratory owned by Quest in South Carolina. We also recently announced our acquisition of Pack Health, a patient engagement company that helps individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes. This acquisition will bolster our extended care capabilities. 
Since 2012, we have completed more than 40 acquisitions, including outreach laboratories, regional independent laboratories and capability-enhancing deals. And over the last 4 years, we have achieved our target of greater than the average of 2% revenue growth in our base business each year from acquisitions. And then finally, our M&A funnel remains strong. 
In 2021, we took full advantage of our strong health plan access which is approximately 90% of all commercially-insured lives in this country. We also made good progress working together with health plans to help companies and their employees save money by reducing denials and out of network leakage. Health plans also recognize the value of working with us, and we have grown our health plan revenues faster than our overall revenues to the best level we've ever seen. 
Hospital health system revenues have grown more than 20% compared to 2019 levels, excluding COVID-19 testing, driven largely by the strength of our professional laboratory services contract. Our performance in 2021 benefited from our 2 largest PLS contracts to date, Hackensack Meridian Health and Memorial Hermann. Altogether, our PLS business, without COVID-19, exceeded a record $500 million in annual revenue last year. The hospitals have continuously faced pressure throughout the pandemic. 
Post-pandemic, we believe the same will be true. We believe there will be a continued consolidation and ongoing challenges to afford Quest an opportunity to implement our flexible solutions to help hospitals become more effective and productive. Advanced diagnostics is critical to the future of health here. We're building strong momentum in our key growth drivers, which include consumer and hereditary genetics, oncology and pharma services. 
In 2021, these test categories accounted for several hundred million dollars of advanced diagnostics portfolio, and they're growing more than 25% versus 2020 and nearly 33% versus 2019. We are investing aggressively in areas with potential for future differentiation to grow our advanced diagnostics value proposition, including automated test, next-gen sequencing, bioinformatics, the sales force and customer service. We're leveraging our scale and expertise to give patients and providers greater access to important innovations such as liquid biopsy and digital pathology. 
Advanced diagnostics is one of the faster-growing areas of our portfolio. Our strategy and investments in this area will enable us to achieve high single-digit revenue growth going forward. And we're equally excited about the opportunities we see in our direct-to-consumer testing business. Revenues for QuestDirect services nearly doubled to more than $70 million in 2021, driven by both the base business growing and COVID-19 testing. 
We expect the non-COVID consumer diagnostic market will experience double-digit growth over the next several years, and we're on track to build the $250 million direct-to-consumer business by 2025. We're ramping up our investments into the business, launching a new and improved digital experience later this year. And we're also investing in enhancements to the in-person customer experience at our patient service centers. So we're off to a good start in 2022. We're building on a long-term relationship with Walmart by recently launching a consumer-initiated laboratory testing on walmart.com through our solution powered by QuestDirect. And the MyQuest platform now has nearly 23 million users, up more than 3 million in the past quarter. 
We're very excited about our longer-term growth opportunities in advanced diagnostics and direct-to-consumer testing and are increasing investments we made in 2021 to strength in our business and accelerate growth beyond the pandemic. These investments were made possible with the record cash and earnings we generated over the past 2 years. 
Now the second part of our two-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We remain laser-focused on improving both operational quality and efficiency, which go hand in hand. During 2021, the Invigorate program exceeded our goal of 3% productivity improvement. We made good progress last year in procurement supply savings as well as reducing health plan denials and improving patient collections at the time of service. 
While we faced modest inflationary wage pressure in 2021, on the supply cost side, we have more than offset any increases with cost savings from our suppliers. Historically, our Invigorate productivity savings have been net of any inflationary increases. Beyond that, we continue to drive additional productivity improvements with platform consolidation and greater use of automation and artificial intelligence. 
Now turning to our sales force -- excuse me, now turning to our workforce. Quest employees are highly engaged based on results of our quality surveys. In a challenging labor market, we are focused and are still seeing improvement in engagement and retention. Our team has done a lot to create an inspiring workplace, and we continue to do everything we can to attract, recruit and retain talent. 
We're entering 2022 in a strong position within the lab industry and more broadly throughout health care. Our base business is poised to build off the record revenues we've achieved last year, and we're investing to accelerate growth. We expect to see continued demand for COVID-19 testing services, albeit at lower levels in the last 2 years. The delay of the 2022 PAMA cuts announced last year was a good outcome for our industry and medicated beneficiaries. However, it will continue to be hard at work in 2022 with our trade association and members of Congress with the goal of arriving at a permanent fix to PAMA. We remain committed to our capital deployment strategy of returning the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders. 
This morning, we raised our dividend for the 11th time since 2011. We expect to have more than $1 billion in cash available this year for M&A and share repurchases. So putting it all together, our 2022 guidance reflects strong momentum and investment in our base business, balanced with inevitable but expected decline in COVID-19 testing revenues. 
Before turning it over to Mark, I'd like to recognize and thank once again all of our employees who really have been the front line of the pandemic and continue to serve the health care needs of patients who depends on Quest every day. 
Now Mark will provide more detail on our performance and our 2022 guidance. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we had another record year, providing critical COVID-19 testing to our country and delivered record revenues, earnings and cash from operations. We also grew our base business to a record level, up 19% versus the prior year. Quest is well positioned in 2022 to deliver on its commitments. I'm proud of the incredible accomplishments of our 50,000 Quest employees throughout the pandemic. And finally, our team is strong, the business has good momentum, and Quest's future is bright as we begin a gradual transition to new leadership. 
Thank you. We'd be happy to take your questions.

Thank you, Jack.

Yes. Thanks, Jack, for the question. And there is a lot more pressure in our industry and particularly at early hospitals. And so we are seeing continued interest in our working with hospital systems and helping them become more efficient and productive with our professional lab services business, so that continues to be a big opportunity. You saw in our prepared remarks that grew nicely over the last couple of years. We have a $0.5 billion business. And therefore, as that moves, it moves our enterprise a significant level. So that's number one. 
Number two is we are very strong, and we continue to drive operational excellence. As you all know, this is not new. It's institutionalized in Quest. We believe we have the cadence and the capabilities to continue to offset any inflationary pressure we have, and we've done that. We did it last year, and we'll continue to do that going forward. And as I said in my introductory remarks, we already included in Invigorate when we talk about inflationary pressures on our cost of sales. We provide Invigorate savings, it's a net number. So any increase is offset by the savings and it's always been positive for us. We're getting more savings than cost increases. And so despite some pressures that we see because of the current times, we're offsetting that. 
And going forward, we do see that smaller laboratories will have a tougher time, keeping up with some of these pressures. And therefore, we do have an advantage. And we saw the acquisition we just did of Labtech in South Carolina. We are achieving that 2% growth from acquisitions. So therefore, we believe our strategy has positioned us nicely going forward to take advantage of the changes in front of us given this different time than we've ever seen.
So Mark, anything you like to add to that?

Yes. So to be clear, it's not through referral network. We have a JV with the Sonora Quest. And so we wanted to make sure that people were aware if they were doing some math around rev per req on the testing volumes that we don't actually report that revenue because we have a minority ownership stake. So we get a proportional share of the earnings from Sonora Quest as we do with our minority holdings, as we do with our majority holdings to equity earnings. So we just wanted to provide that transparency. But in terms of the pricing and so on and so forth, I won't comment specifically on Sonora Quest. But it's not dissimilar. It's not a totally different profit structure than the things that we do ourselves.

Yes. So thanks for the question, Ann. I think it's an important one. So first off, we're not deviating from our long-term outlook. So we shared a long-term outlook in March of 2021. And while the CAGRs are going to change because we're going to have a stronger year in 2022 and the CAGRs, I quoted at that time we're putting 2022 forward. The absolute numbers we're not deviating from because they're largely the base business. So we still assume that COVID will materially decline. Time will tell. And at that point, it's really all around our base business. 
So when people are looking at the current profitability base business, and I can understand how this happens, one of the flaws in that is that they really -- you can't really do the 2 in isolation. So let me give some examples. Because we've had such a surprising strong year this year relative to what we expected, driven by COVID, we're paying a significantly higher incentive performance bonus, and that's across the whole employee base. And right now that would not be expected to be repeated next year. So that "inflated our cost." And so to assign all of that cost against the base business, which is what implicitly is done, when you assume COVID revenues times a certain margin drop-through and then you assume backing into the base business, that is just not accurate. 
The other thing is we have significant incremental costs related to the pandemic which I mentioned in the prepared remarks, around $50 million of cost. If COVID really goes away, we would expect those costs will largely go away. And those costs would really be assigned to COVID, not to the base business. We had quite a bit of overtime later in the year, and that was related to employee absences driven by the COVID surge. And we spent about $25 million more in 2021 than we historically spent in over time. And we would expect that would go away as well as COVID starts to step back. 
And so again, that is implicitly put against the base business when you do the high-level math that I've seen a lot of people do. And so the way to think about the base business is obviously from our guidance, we are hundreds of millions of dollars above where we were in 2019. We expect to be back to the growth that we were experiencing pre pandemic. I know it seems like a long time, but if you look at the first 2 months and we mentioned this several times of 2020 before the pandemic started, even after a full year of the network access gains we had in 2019, we were still growing mid-single digits. We're going to get back to that growth, okay, in the base business. And the profitability of the base business is going to be similar to what it was before 2019. So hopefully, that puts all the pieces together for you. Obviously, if there's anything I didn't clarify, I'd be happy to take a follow-up.

Right. So some of those will ramp down because there are discrete investments to get us where we need to get to. So for instance, a big piece of that is building what we need for our consumer-initiated testing. And to move from where we were to more Amazon-like and that, that will get completely there, but experience for patients who want to find, test and order it, pay their bill, et cetera, is expensive. It takes a lot of work. The marketing analytics to do the appropriate marketing and understanding of customer preferences and respond to customers in an appropriate way. There's a lot of IT investment in the near term to get us to that future state. 
Now as we're growing that business to $0.25 billion, which is what we said we would get to by 2025, there are going to be some ongoing costs because we're adding people to support that business. It is an incremental business, and there are going to be some variable costs with that. However, as we grow those businesses, we're going to grow faster. And so some of those ongoing costs are going to get paid for that faster growth. And then I would say, similarly, in advanced diagnostics, as we accelerate that growth, some of the resources we're adding today that we're calling out pre that growth are going to be in the run rate and profitability going forward. So the costs don't go away completely, but they will ramp down because some of this is kind of start-up expenses. And then that revenue obviously and the margin is going to pay for those incremental costs over the next several years.

Yes. Just one clarification. So the 7% to 9% was when we thought we reduced $7.40 to $8 in 2022. And we said we'd be at the upper end of that. So you can pick your number between $7.40 and $8, $7.40 -- $7 to $8 through '23 and '24. And that dollar level of EPS is what we're saying we can still do. Obviously, since 2022 is turning out based on our guidance, a lot higher than we said in March, the CAGR is going to be lower, but the absolute numbers, we're still committed to at this point.

A.J., thanks. We continue to believe that we can continue to deliver that 2% growth of our base business going forward. We've delivered that in the past, and we have every reason to believe that will continue going forward. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to continue to see hospitals looking at what we've done with other hospitals an opportunity for them to rely on us with the testing and that product continues to build, and we continue to look at some outreach purchases with hospitals. 
And then as I mentioned, Labtech was a good example of a regional laboratory and a good piece of the United States that we picked up as well. And we continue to look at acquisitions that build on our portfolio. Remember, we have this lens of focusing on general diagnostics, and Jim Davis runs that business, in addition to that, advanced diagnostics. 
But the third piece is -- are those services that take the information that we generate we provide services. And we do this employer population health, and we've built on that business to work with health plans and helping them manage their risk with the data and providing services that help them with that. So Pack Health fits into that direction for the company, and we've done some other acquisitions that help us with that direction as well. And you're going to hear more about our continued investments within that space going forward. And also in your question, the management changed slow us down in any way, impair what we might do with acquisition. I would say to the contrary, Jim has been part of the management team for over 8 years. He's highly engaged in all acquisitions. He's been instrumental in executing a lot of our acquisitions and all the businesses that we participate in are always part of the funnel building that we have. 
So Jim, any remarks about the 40 acquisitions we've done and you're team to find more opportunities.

Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Well, so there's a lot of attention these days on inflationary pressures, and we think we've handled those questions. We think it's all very manageable for us in terms of our operational excellence programs and finding the productivity we need to offset it. So that's one piece of the equation. The other piece is what you're bringing up is around pricing. And we feel good about what we have delivered in that regard. And as I said, if you look at the results for '21, what you find is that there are unit price changes, and this is freezing everything from volume and mix, and just looking at even price changes, is below that 100 basis points that we typically have guided you to, dial in to expectations going forward. And that's not just for our commercial insurance contract. It's all our business. It's our hospital business. It's our client business, independent of who those clients might be physicians or some other organization we work with. 
So we continue to make progress on that, and we're particularly encouraged by the discussions we're helping with health plans. We have shared in the past that actually in the past, several negotiations, we've actually introduced price increases, and it is actually helping us that, in fact, there is inflationary pressure across all of health care. So therefore, we're not alone since we're a labor-based business to pass along some of those costs to them. So we're making good progress. And I'd say the other piece of this, Patrick, is we continue to deliver great value. Our quality gets better, our service gets better, and we do that at a very competitive price already. And many of these plans believe that's in the best interest of them and their membership of growing share is to make sure they rely on a handful of topflight laboratories in the case of UnitedHealthcare, they call that for lab network. And we have applied to that, and we had to demonstrate with other names. Matter of fact, we have great quality, we have great service, and we're doing that at very competitive prices. So that trend will continue. 
When you talk about value, we're going to eventually keep on pushing that to deliver more and more value, which helps you in terms of managing your network. We, in many cases, are going to start looking at some price increases going forward. So good progress there. Thanks for asking the question. Mark, anything you'd like to add?

Yes. So what we're assuming in our guidance is we've given some ranges of what we think COVID testing will be. And obviously, it's going to start higher in the first quarter, and it's going to go down, as we are hopeful that this current surge will decline throughout the spring and into the summer. And as you mentioned, we did get the 90-day extension. And we're not planning in the guidance that, that will be extended, but we just don't know. So therefore, we're always assuming the worst case. And that if that were to come down, yes, we do believe there will be some recent price changes, if you will, with some of our partners. But again, what we've implied in the guidance is a decline in volumes and some decline in pricing. And also the assumption that we're not going to get a renewal of the emergency order. But again, we don't know that. So Mark, anything you like to add?

Go ahead, Mark?

Ricky, I would add one other thing, and that's despite Mark saying that the base business has recovered to 2019 levels, there's still evidence to suggest in terms of a headwind that there's still pent-up demand for routine clinical care. If you look at the studies around HIV infection rate, hepatitis C infection rates, the data still indicates that there was a lack of routine clinical categories in pandemic, and we do think that should provide some headwinds going into the latter part of this year and next year -- [indiscernible] I'm sorry.

Yes. Well, let me start and then my colleagues will round it out, I'm sure. So this isn't going away anytime soon. I think all of us believe that we're going to have COVID in '23, and we're going to provide testing around that. And as you know because you're living with it every day like the rest of us, when somebody has some symptoms, you're ruling out COVID. And in many cases, that is a PCR test. And that will continue. And so therefore, you don't think about just being flu, but it's any time a respiratory illness, and it could be a common cold without a respiratory illness. 
So there will be a continuation of that going forward. And also, we keep on highlighting the value of serology. We think there is going to be an increased role for us to provide insight about how much protection people have from vaccines or from natural immunity. And as we know, that's changing over time, and people want to have that insight to manage the risk and work with their physician on that. So we think there there's going to be increased value in that. 
So we do believe in '23, this is going to be a permanent part of our portfolio. It's hard right now to scale that, and we'll learn more as we get into '22. But when we think about it, we actually think of this as an additional portion of our product line that we didn't have before the pandemic. So we actually priced it as is helpful to achieve the value we think we have. 
And then as Jim said, the base business continues to be in really strong shape. We crossed the growth of '19 sooner in '21. We're entering '22 with great momentum. Our growth prospects there continue to be ones that would continue to work. So that should continue to be a good opportunity for us. So we're feeling it fits together well, and COVID's going to provide more fuel for us to make these investments in our base business that help us in '23. So yes, we're focused on what the costs are, but we only make these investments if in fact, we expect to get the returns. And you'll see those returns both in '22, but also in '23 and beyond. So Mark, anything you'd like to add to that?

Yes. Then let me just add, and then I'm going to ask Jim to comment on this is, if you look at our volumes, they're impressive. We've had a challenge this year because of the infection rate, and therefore, our ability not to be able to deliver on pooling, which is more capacity at lower cost, but that will come back to detection rates drop. But as we go forward with this and we start to see this becoming more of an epidemic and less of a pandemic, then there's a lot of players in this marketplace. And Jim and his team are entirely focused on what we have for share today what we could do going forward to gain some share going forward. 
So when you think about the opportunity around COVID, if you look at that market, you think about Quest Diagnostics, if you think about the dynamics of the short run, where there's been some opportunistic players, we're not opportunistic. This is going to be part of our part of our permanent -- permanent part our portfolio. And therefore, we also are pushing hard and making sure that we get what we believe we should have for share in the short term. But also in the long term, we think there might be an opportunity as well to pick up some share. Jim, do you like to add that?

Yes. So we intentionally don't really target or comment on margins because we believe value creation can come at different levels of margin. Then we've talked about specifically our PLS business, where it's great growth, great return on invested capital. And those are the 2 biggest correlators to shareholder value creation, but they come at a lower margin. So we don't worry about margin, Pito, per se. So -- but I understand others do. 
And -- so to answer your question, there's a pretty broad range. Obviously, 1 year less than over multiple years, when you put a CAGR with a couple of hundred basis points differential on the top line and bottom line. So there's a lot of different combinations. So what I would say is your EPS number that you mentioned is not unreasonable, and you can figure out the revenue based on what we said at Investor Day and then what we're guiding to this year in terms of the base business. 
And yes, at this point, we're not counting on COVID to be significantly larger than maybe a flu business or something like that. But certainly, we don't know and there's a chance that it could be larger than that, and that will be determined over the next 12 months or so. So that's about the strongest color I can give you right now is back to what we said. 
We feel really good about our base business going forward. We're going to be back to that growth level. And I want to remind everybody that when we grow organically, the drop down is much higher than that 17% or the 19.5% that we delivered in Q4 and so on. It drops down at a level 50% or more, depending if it's an existing customer, where we're expanding the menu or it's a new customer where we do have to invest a little maybe in logistics and in IT for the interfaces. But growth brings with it margin expansion in addition to Invigorate, and that's why we're confident we can grow earnings faster than top line from that period forward.

What we said about our earnings per share, okay? Because what we -- Mark just said what we're saying is, we've always provided our outlook and guidance for our mix our share because we do have a mix of business. And we do have some lower-margin business that might be a good value-creating opportunity for us and we're going to go after it like our PLS business. So I think the best guide to look at EPS or the expansion of EPS over time, rebasing, if you will, for these changes that we've seen through the last 2 years. And Mark has reiterated our belief that our base business will fuel good opportunities for us to continue to deliver against that. And by the way, as we continue to gain share, the variable gross margin is quite good. And as I said, we also believe there's going to be some COVID in '23, and it's hard to size it right now, but it's not going to go away anytime soon.

Great. Thanks for the question. I'll start and then turn to Jim to add to it. But -- we've been working on operational excellence for over a decade, and it has become institutionalized in our company culture and embedded now as we do things. And it is a platform for us and we're going to continue to grow. So your comment is around cost. I mean we don't talk about costs. We talked about productivity. Because there's a lot of aspects of what we do around Invigorate and some actually helps the topline, some actually helps getting more output with less labor. And yes, some helps us become more efficient by less input from some of the materials that we use. So we look at it as an aggregate.
And we continue to be bullish on our prospects. We believe that it is the ingredients for us to continue to deliver great value. That is when we do this, we improve our quality, our service gets better. By the way, we become more and more productive to be able to make investments to fuel the growth. It all fits together. And then when we talk about this and we've talked about at Investor Day, we see an enormous opportunity for us to continue to digitize and innovate in operational excellence. And so some of you have had the opportunity to tour through our latest lab of the future, and that's our new facilities, facility in Clifton, New Jersey. And sometimes if you come in, you'll see what we've done, you would take some of the learning out of our Marlborough facility up in the Boston area. We brought that down to the Clifton, that we built on it. And that also uses the advantages of some consolidation with some of our new platforms.
But Jim and the team are now taking that and thinking about, okay, what's next, okay? So when you think about innovation in our space, yes, there's innovation in terms of testing and as far as Diagnostic Information Services, but we equally think there's a lot of innovation and opportunity for us to move forward. So we continue to invest. And when you talk about investments, we talk about the use of cash. As you noticed, we've been putting about $400 million a year into our capital budget, which is investments and frankly, a lot of our innovation that allow us to fuel this productivity gain. So Jim, add to that, please.

Yes. So we're bullish on the prospects of continuing to drive productivity. I always react to -- this is a cost-cutting goal. And this is not about cost-cutting goal, this is about working smarter. And this has been a key part of our strategy, and it fuels growth. And Jim mentioned some of the areas. I mentioned in my introductory comment also digital pathology which will revolutionize our ability to diagnose and treat and to do that more productively. And as, this week, Jim is going out to another laboratory, taking a look at where we're going to make our next investment this year. So we're going to continue to invest in this space, and we think there's more opportunity in front of us. So it's exciting.

Yes. So what I can share is, go back to what we said in the prepared remarks, our consumer business was about $70 million last year between the base and COVID. We did $2.7 billion of COVID revenue. So the consumer-initiated COVID testing was very small at this point. And it's strengthening. And again, as I said, we continue to enhance our website when people go for that ordering and testing and so on. But there's still more to come in terms of enhancing that experience for consumers and maybe in driving awareness for people.
As you know, we're competing with a lot of people who see these standup operations in parking lots and so on and so forth, which draw their attention. So we're working on making sure that they know we can do this if they initiate themselves as opposed to going to a doctor or a hospital for this, and we expect to get stronger and stronger moving forward as we enhance our overall consumer business because of these investments we just mentioned.
In terms of the margin profile, it's really not -- it's not all that different between the consumer. And consumer can have it in different ways. They can come to our patient draw center and have it done there. We do have home collection kits where they can be sent to their home. So a little different structure, but not materially different in profitability.

Yes. So thanks for the question. And as we said, we were thankful that it was delayed. Again, the 1-year offset, as Mark indicated, to '23. We think that's good for us because it will gain us some time this year to keep on working on a permanent fix with Congress. And we have been very active working with Congress last year. And as you know, Congress was very busy with the infrastructure bill and other business. And therefore, we were fortunate enough to get in the postponement of PAMA, but it allows us time this year if they keep on working on this to get a COVID effects. And we're encouraged by the level of support. The good news about pandemic is, it brought for us, the importance of testing, the importance of having a strong industry.
We're getting strong, the bipartisan support, both from the House and from the Senate. We made a proposal of what we think should be changed to improve the data collection process, the sampling of market-based data. We continue to support the notion and the philosophy of PAMA that is we should be paid in commercial rates, but we believe that CMS cut it wrong.
And in parallel with the work we're doing with Congress, we continue to have our lawsuit against CMS as a trade association, the judge has sort of the arguments. We'll see if we get some indication on the decision on that, hard to call that, but that still in the works as well. So our work, right now, this year, is to push for permanent fix to PAMA and we're better positioned now because of pandemic than before the pandemic because of the strength of this industry and full awareness and appreciation of what we've done and the need for a strong laboratory industry going forward.

Sure. So let me start with that one because I think there were some questions around maybe whether turnaround time suffered and we didn't get the $25 fee that comes with some of the government payers, a couple of the commercial payers. And actually, not really. AWR in Q4 was absolutely similar to what it has been in the previous quarters and our turnaround-time performance was outstanding. We did in January when the search came. We did a little bit -- we did have a little bit of a hit to our turnaround time. But obviously, that's all contemplated in the guidance that we just provided in everything. It wasn't a huge amount. When you go back to the earlier question...

And the bonuses. When you look at the bonuses, most of that is really our 50,000 employees. So people think about, bonuses must be for senior management. But most of the cost is really -- we paid 3% bonus to even our wage workers. And then obviously, we have other staff members that have higher targets. And every year, we budget for what we call 1x, whatever that target is. So for most of the people, it would be 3%. And based on performance, and we feel we've had reasonably stretched performances when you list historically, we have not paid significantly above 1x, and we've had a number of years where it's below 1x.
But in the COVID unpredictability and the surge in revenues enabled us to pay our employees significant bonuses in 2020 and again in 2021. And so if you look at -- without getting too specific, we've shared a number in the past of $3 billion wage bill, that's gone up in the last couple of years as we've grown the company. So you can kind of, as a floor, say, 3%, obviously, a little higher because there's people on higher bonus, that's about 1x. And then we're paying a bonus that's substantially higher than that in 2021, like we did in 2020. The other thing is we did pay out a $500 payment to majority of our employees to compensate them for COVID expenses.
In 2020, we adjusted it out of our adjusted earnings because we were seeing COVID as temporal and extraordinary. But once you get to your second time doing it, even though I think -- I still think it's extraordinary, we just decided not to adjust it out. So we did have over $20 million payments late in the year, $500 to our wage employees and some of our lower compensated professionals as well. So those are a couple of things that would go away and not be repeated unless somehow, we had another surprising COVID year in 2022, like we had in 2021.

We done?

Very good. Well, thanks. It's been a good session with you all. Thanks for all the great questions. And again, thanks for joining the call today, and we appreciate your support. You guys have a great day.