Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, I'll discuss the second quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy, and then Mark will provide more detail on the results. 
Our volume growth accelerated in the second quarter, and we continue to build momentum through the first half of 2019. Our expanded network assets continues to accelerate volume growth, and our strategy to drive operational excellence improved efficiency. Both have helped offset the significant reimbursement pressures we are experiencing this year.
For the second quarter, we grew revenues despite significant reimbursement pressure. Reported EPS was $1.51, down about 4% from the same period of 2018. Adjusted EPS was $1.73, down about 1%.
Volume growth remained very strong at 4.4% as the expected volume continued to accelerate in the second quarter. Year-to-date, volume growth is now at 4%. 
Now let me briefly update you on 3 fundamental changes in the laboratory marketplace. They are PAMA, our expanded network access, increased consumerization of healthcare. First, PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure remains a catalyst for structural change in the marketplace. Our Medicare rates in the first half of 2019 were down by 10% from the prior year, which is in line with our expectation. The next data-reporting period remains scheduled for the first quarter of next year. However, we are encouraged by the introduction of the Laboratory Access for Beneficiaries Act, or LAB Act, introduced in the House last month. 
The LAB act would be a first step towards ensuring clinical laboratory service rates under PAMA are sustainable, and Medicare beneficiaries have adequate access to crucial laboratory services. By delaying the next round of PAMA data reporting by 1 year, the LAB Act would provide all applicable laboratories with additional time to report private payer data. A circuit provision in the LAB Act would require a neutral third-party to produce recommendations to Congress on how to improve the PAMA data collection rate-setting process.   
The second structural change affecting our industry  is our expanded network access and payers becoming more focused than ever on driving better value in their lab spend. We are partnering with UnitedHealthcare to reduce excess cost created by out-of-network labs to further value to our customers and members. On July 1, we became a UnitedHealthcare Preferred Lab Network provider and have begun an aggressive outreach campaign to physicians and UHC members. 
Beginning August 1, providers referring members to out-of-network labs will need to complete an online approval process. In addition, Anthem has begun to implement its own strategy that lowers laboratory rates to hospital-based providers, aligning them better with the rates currently paid to independent laboratories. Also we continue to have conversations with other health plans on value-based care initiatives and PLN-like elements. Some of our recent contract extensions contain these features. 
Finally, we continue to see increased attention on the variation in healthcare costs. Last month, the White House released the healthcare executive order designed to bring more transparency to the healthcare system. As consumers of healthcare get more information on the disparities in the cost of care, we believe this trend favors high-value providers like Quest.
Now turning to our recent progress on our strategy to accelerate growth, which has 5 elements. Grow more than 2% per year through accretive, strategically aligned acquisitions; expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation; be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of Diagnostic Information Service; and then finally, support population health and data analytics in the extended care services.
So let me take you through a few highlights of our strategy to accelerate growth in the quarter. As I said earlier, we continue to see revenue and volume growth as a result of our expanding network access. With the exception of Aetna, this growth is occurring across all of our major health plan customers. 
We recently signed a new professional lab services agreement with Catholic Health Services of Long Island, a large integrated healthcare delivery system in New York. Under the agreement, Quest will provide laboratory and supply chain expertise as well as perform laboratory reference testing. We continue to believe hospitals will be increasingly more motivated to work with us under lab strategy as they feel the impact of PAMA and lower commercial reimbursement. In the area of advanced diagnostics, Quest is now participating as the designated laboratory in the National Cancer Institute's MATCH precision medicine trial. This is the largest of its kind. The trial seeks to provide better outcomes for rare cancer types for which there is no standard treatment.
Key test growth drivers in the quarter included tuberculosis testing with strength in both QuantiFERON and T-SPOT, Cardio IQ and mutual testing. Each of these test categories showed strong revenue growth.
Our QuestDirect consumer testing business continues to gain popularity. Earlier this month, we launched a new consumer initiated Lyme disease test. We also drove sequential volume growth in consumer testing each month in the second quarter. 
The second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We remain on track to deliver 3% cost efficiencies for 2019 by continuing to drive increases in productivity. Some examples are using digital technology to enhance the customer experience, drive growth and reduce our carbon footprint. We have begun to eliminate paper documentation for Medicare beneficiaries who have financial responsibility for non-covered services. This has reduced denials and contributed to our invigorated savings.
We're also working to help patients follow through when their physician orders a lab test. We started sending reminder emails to patients whose physicians have ordered tests for them electronically. We're now sending text messages that remind them to nearly 1/3 of our patients who scheduled an appointment online, which reduces the no-show rate. Both of these initiatives are expected to help reduce the number of lab orders that go unfulfilled.
Now let me turn it over to Mark, who will take you through the financial performance. Mark?

Okay. Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, our volume growth accelerated in the second quarter due to our expanded network access, and we continued to build momentum through the first half of 2019. Our strong volume growth combined with our strategy to drive operational excellence enabled us to help offset the significant reimbursement pressures we're experiencing this year. 
We're excited being back -- or being a new preferred lab network status with UnitedHealthcare and the opportunities to extend this approach to other players in the marketplace are with us. And then finally, we believe we're well positioned to meet our commitments in 2019. 
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions.

Yes. Let me start and then I'll pass it to Mark. First of all, we continue to talk about how we're always looking at the marketplace and trying to understand what's going on in the marketplace. And with all our measurements and metrics that we have, and we've talked about for many years now the same-store analysis, it still -- we still believe the market is stable. We see stable volumes, [ there are efficient physician accounts ] and also our hospital business seems to be stable versus the prior year. So Mark, would you like to add some color beyond that?

Yes. So you saw in our results that we inched up a little bit in Q2 versus Q1 in terms of the amount of our revenue from acquisitions. So we're feathering in some of the acquisitions, and they're delivering well. Second is, as we've said before and we'll continue to say it, our funnel remains strong. We have a number of that [ supported ambition ] to be close to 2% this year and into the future. So we keep on working on that. And just close with what I said in my remarks, the pressures that we see are now becoming real and becoming more visible. And those pressures are with PAMA cuts, some of that does extend itself, particularly for hospital outreach businesses into Medicare rates. And then the commercial changes that I talked about in my prepared remarks are clearly going to impact the hospital marketplace and the independent lab marketplace. And so because of that, we continue to have a lot of conversations around integrated delivery system lab strategies. And you again saw that we announced this new deal with Catholic Health System down in Long Island, which is another supporting proof point that we continue to advance our strategy on that front and the pipeline will be there to support the strategy as we indicated.

Yes. So I'll start again and Mark will follow. Just -- we continue to execute our plan for 2019. We indicated in our first quarter that we have planned for a number of restructuring efforts to start to kick in -- start to kick in, in the second quarter. That will continue in the back half of the year. So we feel good about that. And so we think we have our handles on the levers of cost in the right way. And then second, Ross, is we continue to drive our operational excellence program. I did say in my remarks, it's 3% of our cost base. And I remind everyone, that's about $200 million. And we continue to yield good results from that. We continue to see good productivity across-the-board and yes, that's in expense areas but also in cost of sales. And we will continue that into '20 and 2021. So Mark?

Well, Mark, you want to take him through the math?

Yes. Sure. Well, first of all, let's go back to the opportunity this year. The biggest opportunities, it's best to access -- health insurance access we have for over a decade. And the PLN is going to be nice to have and it will provide some more momentum in that we believe it's a nice lever for us. And yes, we talk a lot about the effect that we'll have with United. But as we talked about, we're including -- we're having a number of conversations with other payers. And then finally is some of the contract extensions that we already have signed include some of the elements that we will talk about. 
United will be releasing more and more as they go and they will provide more details. As I did remark -- mentioned in my remarks, if you're out of network, it's going to require more authorization to allow that to happen. So that's one point. Second is what we've said in the past, is there clearly will be a benefit design change. So less out-of-pocket cost for consumers. And then third, there will be physician incentives. So when you think about what's going to be the big element, it's all around benefit design; less out-of-pocket, better cost for consumers; physicians being managed to drive towards the preferred lab network; and then finally is really making sure there's no leakage to out-of-network, and it will be stronger than ever with United, and we see a lot of momentum with other payers as well. So more to come on that end, but we're off and running and working this hard, and we do believe it's going to be an additional lever. But don't let it overshadow that the biggest opportunities [ we invested went back into ] network. And whether it's also said in my remarks, yes, we had good growth obviously from United, but all our major health plans grew with the exception of Aetna, where we actually did expect a modest decline, which we saw.

Yes. We -- it's one of our 5 strategies for growth and several parts of being what's consumer diagnostic [ integration ] service provider. We have talked about in the past, just to remind everyone, we have really digitized and brought our patient experience into the today world. And so when you walk into a best patient service center, it will remind everyone of the other experiences they had in their other experiences as a consumer, not as a healthcare experience. So a lot of partners there.
The second is, we continue to make progress on the tools in the access to the information. So the MyQuest app, which is our smartphone app, it has continued to expand its registration and we continue to expand the capabilities so you could schedule an appointment online. You can see wait times of Patient Service Center. You obviously get your results. And we now have over 7 million registered users, which is remarkable.
And the last piece of this, which is to your specific question, is the physical presence we think is quite important. So we have continued to manage our retail strategy and move our Patient Service Centers to a more retail setting over time. Right now we have roughly 200-ish Patient Service Centers between our Safeway relationship and Walmart. Walmart is about 70 of that, and we continue to evaluate the best-kept path forward to eventually have about 50% of our 2,200 Patient Service Centers in more retail-like settings.
Now what I'll also share is we have said that roughly 25%, let's call it 500 of our current Patient Service Centers are more retail-like, not all with retailers. But as we evolve over time with our current retail relationships and with possible others, that number will grow to be about half of our fleet of Patient Service Centers. And our experience in those is quite good. We believe that the patient obviously experience better, it's much more of a consumer experience, our employees, there's -- a lot us like it better. We can consolidate our operations into fewer sites. And the patient will exit. They walk in, they can walk around with the pager or they could do some shopping. They can eat after they've been fasting. So overall, from our perspective it's quite good, and then our relationship with the retailers is good as well because they benefit from that store traffic. So we feel positive about the response in our results so far, and we're continuing to drive it.

Yes. So I would just say, as an overarching comment, and it's embedded in our introductory remarks that we have PAMA. And PAMA to some extent is independent of what's happening on the commercial side. But we now continue to see pressure from commercial payers on hospital outreach. So yes, we mentioned Anthem but I will also share that there's pressure from other payers, particularly with those that we work with, to push down the rates for all the ancillary services.
And I would -- obviously that includes labs, it includes radiology, includes other ancillary services that are provided by the hospital. And Kevin, 2 parts of this, one is, just in general to move more of the volume to most -- the highest [indiscernible] provider like ourselves in the lab, but second is because of the out-of-cost to consumers. And the consumers, given the high percentage of corresponding health plans that have high deductibles and the high out-of-pocket cost for these expensive hospital-based services, the payers are looking at more aggressive strategies to normalize the rates more. So yes, recall that Anthem is proactively having a strategy. But we see this in many other places with many other commercial payers that are pushing back on what they've done in the past with ancillary services in general but specific the lab.

Yes. And Part B of this, Kevin, I mentioned in my remarks, the movement across the country towards more price transparency.
As you know, the lag variation in our marketplace with ourselves having what we believe the best value proposition on the planet. Great quality, great service at some of the lowest prices.
And in that regard, actually there's a story today in the Journal which speaks to a number of the payers providing apps and services, if you will, to provide visibility to consumers to do a better job of shopping. And they call out Anthem, as we did, but others, including Humana and UnitedHealthcare that are working proactively as -- by way of another example, to help consumers manage their cost.

Mark?

Yes. So as we've shared with you our [ prior ] strategies, one of which is to proactively have conversations with integrated delivery systems on their lab strategy. And also the access is helpful there as well to be within geographies where we had issues with not having good access with some of their patients. So this continues to be a nice growth driver for us. We announced the Catholic Health Systems deal in Long Island. We did announce some other relationships last year and they [ got studded ] in and built throughout 2019. And I'll just close with saying the funnel continues to build. In the past, we've shared when we'll go in and we have a conversation with the lab strategy, it starts with how we can make them more efficient and this is what we call Professional Lab Services or PLS. And this is their inpatient hospital lab and it's a cost center. So we could save them anywhere from 10% to 20% of their cost. So that's an opportunity.
Second, as we get into that, then we work with them to rationalize and to become more efficient in their sophisticated reference testing that we sent out, that's another opportunity. And then the third piece, it's very unusual not to have this conversation. We didn't have a conversation about their outreach. Whether in a commercial marketplace with us, it doesn't make sense for us to -- them to continue to be in it or should we buy their business. So that just -- those discussions continue to progress. We have a bigger funnel than ever. We've backed up the United States. We know all the integrated delivery systems with big outreach businesses. We know those that have substantial number of beds in their cost centers. And that -- it continues to be a nice growth driver for us.

Want to take this one, Mark?

Yes.

Let me to just start and then Mark will get in the details. What we showed in the first half is, we've delivered on what we -- separate expectations that we wanted to show momentum built throughout the first half of 2019 and we did. So we're pleased with the results in the first half. Second is we're midway through the year. And we thought it was prudent at this point to maintain our outlook, not get ahead of ourselves, but what Mark said earlier is -- and what we've said about this year but also in general about the growth opportunities in front of it, it will continue to build throughout 2019. But this is not just a build for 2019, it will include a build in 2020 and 2021. So Mark, a little more color around the rest of the year?

Yes. The first part.

And the last part, Bill, I had a hard time hearing that as well.

Yes. Got you. And as you know, we have a relationship with Ancestry. It's a good relationship, it continues to build. No material effect on our growth, plus or minus. So I would just say, in general, really stable. Second is, I did remark about our consumer testing business, which affords us a nice platform that is growing nicely, and we're very pleased with the pickup around our general diagnostic testing. And I mentioned that we just introduced a new line with these tests, but we're going to use that as well as a platform for consumer genetics in the future. And so more to come. But overall, stable environment as we see it. As you know, we're not the only provider to Ancestry at this time and it's not a big piece of our revenue. So a stable business for us at this point and still good opportunity in front of us.

Yes. Well, first of all, the term esoteric is an industry term. We have defined our genetic and molecular business as being what we call advanced diagnostics, and we don't break out specifically that business and provide color. But in general, what we've said in the past, it's a business and an opportunity that's been growing mid-single digits, and we wanted -- continued to accelerate it and it's an active part of our strategy. And within the quarter, we felt good about the progress we've made in that business on a number of fronts. We have some good growth in some portions of women's health. And then in addition to that, we define esoteric. It typically includes a toxicology presence. Prescription drug monitoring continues to be a nice, big, growing business for us. We're pleased with the progress in the quarter as well. And just in general, I think our esoteric or more sophisticated testing, we had good year-on-year comparisons, better than last year in the hospital presence. That's not all esoteric, but in general, a lot of it is. And then as we pull more growth in our general diagnostics business, it typically will also pull some advanced diagnostics or esoteric business as well. So overall, as we raise the tide, it's going to help all the boats in the harbor, including advanced or esoteric as well as general diagnostics.

Yes, sure. First of all, if you recall, we've been talking about 3 changes in the marketplace, the PAMA effect, and one could argue it really just got started in 2018. And because of some of the nuances of how the payment works, it was somewhat muted related to some of the offsets to the P reductions, we grew about 10%. So the first year, '19 is the second year, it's a full year. No muting of any of the effects and then we could have another effect in 2020.
So that is starting to become more visible and the hospital outreach businesses and administration of hospitals are becoming more aware of that. And then the second part of that is it will spill over, even has already spilled over to Medicaid. Typically Medicaid in all states is slower than Medicare. And then finally, as I talked earlier, a lot of the commercial payers are pushing back on the [ widened ] discrepancy of health care cost slipping in our space. So laboratory-wide variations where hospital rates could be to the 10x higher than our rates. And the last piece is, the reason why they're pushing on this is because consumers are paying for more and more health care every day, employers are asking questions about it and it's getting visibility in Washington. So those 3 changes in the marketplace are getting a lot of visibility for -- from administration of any integrated delivery system. And then second is small retail operators clearly see a different environment going forward.
But sometimes we're asked a question what inning we're in. Okay, in anything we do. I would say in this front, with those 3 sort of structural changes, we're still in early innings, but it's building momentum as we get into the middle of the game. So I think we're now beyond the start and we're starting to get a lot more visibility to it and there's going to be a lot more change in 2020, and that's going to be attracting decisions of whether hospitals stay in the business or whether regionals continue to operate as the operator consider their options and considering selling the business. And it is part of our strategy to be a consolidator in a smart place since we are the leader.

Okay. So first of all in -- on direct to consumer, we've been at this for a while. We've actually started to test the water. We built a business with a relationship with the New York Football Giants and we call it Sports Diagnostics and really we're a toe in the water of understanding a very specific segment. How we can market our products directly to consumers. How we can fulfill that order because it's a different order fulfillment change -- resulted. So we had to build some capability years ago to do that. And then second is we actually tested the waters on our general diagnostics business. In the state of Arizona several years ago, we have a joint venture partner with Banner Health. And as you recall, one of our competitors, given -- in that state, they passed legislation where consumers no longer needed a physician order to order a laboratory test. And so we actually priced out about 100 tests and found out, in fact, in Arizona, there was a market. And so we took that success and we moved it to Missouri and to Colorado. And then this past fall, we actually expanded it to 48 continental states. And so about 22 of those states who no longer need a physician order and that's what we've also done in the other 26 states is we lit up a [indiscernible] network with PWN to provide an order for consumers if they need it. So we're deeply engaged in this. We've worked out some of the kinks operationally from years ago with all those experiences and we're off and running. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're very pleased with the sequential improvement and sequentially, actually month upon month, we're seeing some nice volume growth. And there is a segment. Now this is all private pay, and we price it accordingly for private pay, and there is a segment where people rather could get some of these tests done without engaging their health care insurance company. So off and running, and we're pleased with its initial results. The second part of the question had to do with -- Mark, could you remind me of the second question?

We'll take it from there. Well, thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your support, and have a great day. 
Thank you.