Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well, we're off to a good start in 2022. We drove strong year-over-year growth in our base business, which excludes COVID-19 testing. COVID-19 volumes remained strong early in the quarter and decreased in February and March in line with the market.  
We continue to make investments to further accelerate growth in our base business, and our efforts to improve productivity are helping us to offset inflationary pressures. So based on the strength of our business, we're raising our 2022 guidance. 
This morning, I'll discuss our performance for the first quarter of 2022, and then Mark will provide more detail on the financial results and talk about our updated financial outlook for 2022. But first, I'd like to ask Jim Davis to give us an update on our leadership transition. Jim?

Thanks, Jim, and I agree the transition is going well. Now turning to our results. Our base business continued its strong recovery, up more than 6% from the prior year. Total revenues were $2.6 billion. Earnings per share was $2.92 on a reported basis and $3.22 on an adjusted basis. Cash provided by operations was $480 million. 
COVID-19 testing revenues were approximately $600 million in the first quarter, and that's down approximately 28% from 2021. Nearly 60% of the COVID-19 revenues came from the Omicron peak in January. We project continued demand for PCR testing through the end of the year and into 2023, albeit at lower levels.  
The public health emergency was extended into July, maintaining our current level of reimbursement, and based on these factors, we've raised our COVID-19 revenue guidance for the full year of 2022 to between $850 million to $1 billion.  
Turning to our base business. In the first quarter, we continued to make progress executing our 2-point strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. So here are some highlights from the quarter. 
We continued to make inroads with our health plans, gaining share and increasing revenues faster than the market. Our health plan revenues without COVID-19 grew faster than our overall base business did in the quarter. We also deepened relationships with payers through value-based contracting. We currently have -- about 30% of our health plan revenues are tied to value-based elements, and these include patient health outcomes, quality or shared savings. We think we could grow this to about 50% over the next few years, and we believe these value-based contracts are achieving better alignment with health plans, which we believe will allow us to gain share.  
We're also working with our hospital health system leaders to help them execute their lab strategy. Our large partnerships [indiscernible] Hackensack Meridian Health in New Jersey, Memorial Hermann in Texas and those with Community Health Network and Ascension St. Vincent's in Indiana are performing well. Hospitals look to us for their help with their laboratory design, staffing and management, and we can enable them to monetize outreach lab assets that help them free up needed capital.  
We have continued to make important investments to strengthen our advanced diagnostics capabilities and are already seeing results. We continue to make investments to accelerate growth in oncology, hematology, hereditary genetics, genomic sequencing services and pharma services. Since we've ramped up our investments in our advanced diagnostics portfolio, we have already accelerated growth by several hundred basis points and expect to deliver the 8% growth earlier than 2024, which we committed to at our 2021 Investor Day.  
We remain excited about the opportunities we see in the direct-to-consumer testing market. As you know, we're ramping up investments in our consumer business, and it's having an impact. In the quarter, our direct-to-consumer revenues more than doubled compared to the prior year driven by strong growth in both our COVID-19 testing offerings as well as our base business tasting. We're seeing continued solid demand for tests like comprehensive metabolic panels and complete blood counts. Also, our new and improved digital experience is on track to launch later this year. 
Finally, we've been expanding our diagnostic services portfolio. We are collaborating with a small digital imaging software firm to deliver diabetic retinal imaging services through designated Quest Diagnostics patient service centers across the United States. This will aid in the screening of patients as part of a diabetes management program.  
The second part of our strategy is to drive operational excellence. We remain focused on improving our operational quality, service and costs, thereby driving productivity gains. 
We're not immune to the current inflationary environment, but we're tightly managing our operations and are expecting another good year of Invigorate savings and productivity improvements to help offset these pressures.  
So by way of example, our procurement team continues to work with our strategic suppliers to mitigate potential price increases and improve productivities through our long-term relationships. Also, to-date, the team has effectively managed challenges in our global supply chain. 
We also look to our suppliers to deliver innovation that help us lower overall cost of testing and improved quality. The most recent example is the rollout of our new urinalysis platform that is being deployed across our laboratory network. Our new lab in Clifton, New Jersey, has been operational for about a year, and we're seeing incremental productivity gains from the investment we've made in automation and artificial intelligence.  
Our new Schedule at Check In initiative encourages patients to make appointments allowing us to better manage demand and phlebotomy productivity while enhancing the patient experience. The system has been successfully deployed to over 700 patient service centers. Our continued investment in operations is producing results, and we are well on our way to achieving our targeted productivity gains of 3% of our cost structure in 2022. 
Now Mark will provide more details on our performance and share more insights on our updated guidance for the remainder of 2022. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we're off to a good start in 2022, driving strong year-over-year growth in the base business. We continue to make important investments to accelerate growth, and we are seeing the results. Now based on the strength of our base business, we've raised our outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Now we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Just like to reiterate what Mark said about the base business, just to underscore that we're pleased with what we saw in Q1. It would have been better if we didn't have the softness that Mark talked about in January and remind everyone that we posted about 6.3% growth in our base business, which had only about 100 basis worth of acquisitions. So the organic growth was around 5% and, again, if January was stronger, it would've been stronger than that. 
So we feel good about the start of the year, which gives us confidence for the full year. So feel good about the start of the year for our base business. And that gave us the confidence to raise guidance for the full year beyond COVID.

Yes. So as Mark indicated in his prepared remarks, there's some changing dynamics in our business with investments in the second quarter and then less COVID in the back half of the year. And what we indicated, we will be coming out of the year in the back half with the amount of COVID testing we would expect as a good level to think about in '23. 
And so what we also expect is to continue to get the investment returns that we expect in advanced diagnostics and in consumer testing starting in the back half. And again, what Mark said in his prepared remarks, and we believe that investment return will be a tailwind for us in '23. So this is a transitional year with those investments, transitional year for COVID. And Mark, you'd like to give a little perspective on Q2 and in the back half.

So remember, too, as you think about as we transition for the year, and Ricky asked about April, we're at -- we have a higher level of testing in April going on, and we do periodically update you on that. And that number, we expect in our guidance to come down. And as we indicated, as we come out of '22, we'll be running around 10,000 to 15,000 tests per day, and we're assuming that the PHE will expire because we know nothing beyond what we've heard so far, which will end sometime in July. 
So as you think about that transition and then think about the investments we're making and think about the nice momentum we're building in the base business, it gives you some perspective of how we're going to come through the 3 remaining quarters of this year and then guide us to a reasonably excellent place to be able to deliver what Mark indicated for 2023.

Yes, yes. So we feel good about, again, our commitment of 2% growth through acquisitions. As you know, we've delivered that consistently, and we feel good about our ability to, on a routine basis, deliver the consolidation strategy we've been executing against. We've got a few that we're working on, and we still feel that we're going to be able to get to a number close to that 2% in 2022. So as I said in the first quarter, we're lighter than that. This is lumpy, but we do expect that we'll be moving -- not a few in the second quarter and into the third quarter to deliver what we expect.

Yes. So let me start, and then I'll ask Mark or Jim to kind of add to this. As we've said in our strategy, our health plan access change is a big opportunity for us, number one. Number two is we do plan on gaining share. And number three, we are gaining share. So our health plan revenues are growing faster than our overall revenues and, we believe, growing faster than the market. So we're making progress. 
So in that regard, the second question is the environment, A.J., has gotten better. We've indicated in prior calls in prior quarters, and it's proven to be true as we go throughout this year, as we get into renegotiations with the plans, we believe we have a stronger position to negotiate, in some cases, modest price increases because we're delivering more and more value. Our quality is improving. Service performance is better, and we have an opportunity to help them narrow their network and narrow the number of providers they have with a number of these programs. 
So it has gotten better. We indicated that's less than 100 basis points overall. I'll remind you, though, when we talk about price, there's a lot of focus around the plans, but we have price pressures in the hospital business, in our client bill business. But at least on the health plan side, it's gotten better, and we have gotten modest increases for some of the contract renewals that we've had. 
In terms of value-based contracting, the biggest opportunity we have, which we indicated in the past, is around United. And United is a very different relationship for us than what we had years ago. It is clearly a relationship that we're working different aspects to be able to pick up share. And as part of that, as I indicated in my remarks, we do have shared savings opportunities, and we have opportunities together to do a better job with their membership and their clients. 
And then beyond United, we have extended that thinking to other parts of our health plan portfolio with other concepts that are not all identical, but they have similar characteristics in general where we have better alignment between what they're trying to accomplish and what we're trying to accomplish. And in the end, we're all trying to achieve what's been described as the triple lane, which is better quality, better experience at lower cost. And that's resonating very well in the marketplace. Overall, as you know, there's an entirely focused organizations on that, not just the plant but integrated delivery systems as well. 
So Mark, you like to add something too?

And as you see in our results, we exited Q1 with about $700 million worth of cash, okay? And obviously, we're going to put that to use in a good way. We're looking at acquisitions, as we've talked about, and we'll handle that in due course throughout the remainder of the year.

Yes. And as we entered the year, what we indicated for COVID, it's around $700 million to $1 billion. And obviously, we're delivering $600 million in the first quarter. We have more certainty around what is left within that initial guidance. Obviously, going into the year, there's a lot of uncertainty on what would happen and now kind of how fast it would decline and how much testing would go on in the back half of the first quarter. 
So the tightening up of the range that was set as Mark indicated, there's puts and takes of this in terms of the impact on our bottom line. But I'll just reiterate, we feel good about our start with our base business, and we're tracking well for a strong year based on our initial guidance.

I got it. I got it. So remember, we're investing $160 million, and we're investing $160 million because we have a strong business case to get the returns. And what we've indicated, we're ahead of our plan to get the returns in advanced diagnostics, and we feel bullish about the opportunities on the consumer. And the results on both of those fronts have been good news. 
And so when we talk about the second quarter, we mentioned that we're putting in place a new platform. Also with the consumer business, we're investing in some marketing to get the growth we expect, and we are getting the results so far, and we'll continue to see the results in the back half of the year. 
What we also said is that, as we come out of '22 into '23, when you talk about the year-on-year compare, with the returns we expect from advanced diagnostics and returns we expect from the consumer, that the year-on-year improvement in those businesses will be tailwinds for our margins in '23, okay? 
So again, we're investing to grow. We're investing to get a return. We feel good about getting those returns actually quicker than expected. And next year, the year-on-year compare related to that $160 million will be a net tailwind for us in terms of our earnings in '23. 
Mark, anything you'd like to add?

And as Mark said, we obviously go through thinking about what we indicated at our Investor Day, and we're not going to give you '23 guidance, but what Mark indicated is, when we think about '23, we're still, believe me, we're comfortably in the range we would expect in '23 in terms of EPS and growth. And the second half sets us up nicely. And what we've implied in our guidance for the full year implies a setup to be able to deliver what Mark indicated in '23 and the view that we indicated at our Investor Day in spring of '21. So we're consistent, and we believe we're on track to delivering what we expect and what you would expect in '22 and '23.

No, we're going to refresh all of your memories on what we said at Investor Day. Mark, take us through.

Yes. What we said, remember, this is the spring of '21, we expected '22 to be able to grow like we indicated, both top line and bottom line, but we also said -- and it continues, too, to this day, we expect that COVID will continue to be part of our portfolio of tests going forward. 
So that was '21 thinking about '22. The same is true for '22 going into '23. So we're going to come out of '22 with some COVID testing. You see the volumes we indicate, which is about 10,000 to 15,000 per day. Obviously, we're assuming right now, we're a lower price. We will continue to have COVID testing in '23, and we've always assumed in our outlook going forward for growth of top line and bottom line, there'll be COVID testing in our portfolio. And frankly, we think it's a good opportunity because, if you go through the math, even at lower price points, this is a sizable market, and we have a good-sized share right now. We think there's dynamics in the marketplace, and we're working on plans to actually gain share in the COVID testing marketplace that this could be with us for the foreseeable future.

Well, first of all, Jack, we're not going to give you specific numbers for the quarter. What we shared with you, it grew nicely double digits on both base business as well as on COVID. Jim, why don't you talk about the portfolio and what we're seeing growth in?

Yes. As Mark said, too, it's a smaller business, particularly on the base business, and that number is growing strong double digits. And what we said is we're committing to the business needing about $250 million in size by 2025. Well, needless to say, with the investments that we're making, the new leadership we brought in that Jim indicated and, really, a very focused organizational model that we have in place, we're getting good traction, and we believe you're going to start to see acceleration of the revenues we get from it, which should be a net tailwind for us where our growth overall, as we go into '23 and beyond, tracking to that $250 million number in '25. 
If you just kind of go through the math, you can see this is going to be accretive to our growth in '23 and '24 beyond what we've seen so far because the numbers get much more substantial year-on-year to give us a nice lift in our growth rate going forward.

And just to remind you what we've told you is this $160 million that we're investing. We said we spent about $30 million so far. And what we said is in Q2, we've got some investments we're making, particularly we're releasing a new platform, okay? So think about that. Some of this is period expense. It's one off, okay, but some of this is repeatable that we'll see in the back half of the year. So some headwinds in the second quarter will be with this investment that we continue to make, we think, and a real great opportunity for us to grow long term. So think about that as well when you think about the timing of what will happen when throughout the remainder of the year.

Well, absolutely. So we shared with you strategically what we're doing, okay? Last year, we indicated that our business and our definition of advanced diagnostics is internally defined around genetics and molecular. And last year -- excluding COVID, because that is molecular, it was about $1.3 billion in size, number one. 
Number two is what we have done is we have focused on 4 areas that I've indicated in my prepared remarks that we're putting the additional investments in, and that investment -- those investment dollars are throughout the entire value chain. It's investment upfront in new tests in the organic convention. It's also in our experience that we work with our physicians and the patients that they serve. And it's also around the services that we have to provide, which is in the counseling and with our sales force to be able to have better reach within the markets that we serve. So it's through the full value chain. 
And what we have been running at historically is about 3% to 4% growth in that business. And what we said in our '21 Investor Day is we're going to accelerate growth, and we're going to get to high single digits. And we indicated today that we're making good progress against that, and that number is about 8%, okay? 
Now in that, majority of the assumption is we're doing that organically with the investment we're making. However, as you know, in the past, we've made some selective acquisitions, one, particularly Blueprint Genetics, which gives us a bioinformatics capability that enhances our capability around genetics. And what we indicated last year is that strategy is working. Those areas of growth, okay, are growing strong double digits, and that strong double digits in '21 versus '20 and also in '21 versus '19 at prepandemic levels. So we feel our organic strategy of investing is working out. 
And then finally, what I'll share is we continue to look at acquisitions that would make sense to enhance our portfolio. But remember, we've been very disciplined about doing acquisitions. We have very tight criteria for acquisitions where they have to be accretive to our earnings in a reasonable period of time. They have to be accretive to our belief around our earnings opportunities, around ROIC. They have to be accretive to our growth. And therefore, when we look at potentially buying things versus investing or investing ourselves, we're always considering the tradeoff of how we continue to build value. So that's been our strategy, and our strategy that we put in place is working. It's ahead of schedule, and we feel good about it going forward. 
Jim, anything you'd like to add to that?

Mark, could you then give the percentages on...

And going back to what's in our numbers and what's base and what's COVID. I'll keep on reiterating, remember, we took advantage of the opportunity we had in '20 and '21 to invest in accelerating growth. And those investments take time. They're ahead of schedule, and that's going to help us next year, year-on-year. So think about that, too, as it kind of goes through the plan for this year into next.

Yes. So I mentioned in our prepared remarks three that we've announced, and our relationships are strong and continue to demonstrate that we can bring real value to these integrated delivery systems. 
Remind you all what it is, is one is, yes, we help them run their labs and you see one, you see one, but they save money. And a lot of hospital systems are struggling, as you know. Volumes, yes, in some cases, of recovery but the acuity level of patients in the beds are higher and they have fixed reimbursement. And then secondly, is they're having inflationary pressure in hospital systems, which has been tough for them to offset. So that's the first view. 
The second is when we have a relationship, our advanced diagnostics business and our overall sophisticated testing business, which we call reference set with hospitals also, is an opportunity. So we typically bring in a larger share of that with hospitals. 
And then finally, we have an opportunity, in some cases, to buy their outreach business, which has been nice opportunities for us to build value, which helps us with the acquisition target but also helps us because, eventually, they're accretive because we know how to integrate these quite well. So it's worked, right? Yes. 
And going forward, the funnel continues to build. We have a dedicated team. We've invested in that as well. Jim and I are entirely engaged together, working a large number of these accounts. We personally do a fair amount of travel and spend time with the management team engaged on these opportunities. So we do believe it continues to yield us a nice opportunity going forward to continue to accelerate growth. 
So Jim, anything you'd like to add to that?

Okay. Great. So thanks again for joining our call. We appreciate your continued support, and you all have a great day.