Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well this morning, I'll discuss the first quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy and then Mark will provide more detail on the results. 
Well we're off to a good start in 2019. For the first quarter, we grew revenues despite 1 less revenue day and significant reimbursement pressure. Reported EPS was $1.20, down 5% from the same period of 2019. Adjusted EPS was $1.40, down 8%.
We're pleased with our revenue and adjusted EPS results given the expectations we shared with you in mid-February. Volume growth was very strong at 3.6%. So Quest is well positioned in 2019 to grow share and deliver revenue growth.
Performance in the quarter reflects volume growth from expanded next -- network access, acquisitions, improving performance in our hospital reference business and favorable weather. We've made progress in the quarter despite significant reimbursement pressure and higher patient concessions. 
As we shared before, Quest is poised for growth based on 3 fundamental changes in the marketplace. First, PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure is a catalyst for structural change. Reimbursement experience in the first quarter is in line with the expected 10% reduction in Medicare rates, and we expect a similar reduction in 2020. We also said the impact of these cuts will be more significant on smaller, independent and hospital outreach laboratories. We believe the cuts could potentially eliminate the majority of their profit and will provide a catalyst for market consolidation.
Just in this quarter, the nation's largest nursing home lab operator filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. The company provided clinical laboratory testing services to more than 12,000 facilities in more than 35 states.
According to the press reports, PAMA was cited as a major reason for bankruptcy as the Medicare cuts wiped out the company's slim profits and caused it to cut back services. 
Second, payers are more focused than ever on driving better value in their lab spend, which supports our plan to gain share. This is clearly evidenced by the opening of major health plan contracts at the large national laboratories, which provides the best value and quality for patients, physicians and payers.
We're very pleased to be named a UnitedHealthcare Preferred Lab Network provider effective July 1, 2019, meeting exceptional criteria for access, cost, data, quality and service. Quest and our AmeriPath subsidiary were 2 of only 7 labs selected to participate in the Preferred Lab Network. 
Finally, nobody cares more about the variation in health care costs than the employers and their employees, the country's largest payers. Increasingly, patients are motivated to find high quality and service providers with low prices like Quest Diagnostics.
More and more, we're seeing evidence of increasing price transparency in the lab marketplace. Massachusetts has been a leader in price transparency by launching its own website to help consumers understand the wide variation in health care costs. During Governor Charlie Baker's recent visit to our Marlborough lab, we pledged our continued support to Massachusetts' efforts to help consumers understand the true cost of care. We are well positioned to benefit from these trends, which will serve as a catalyst for Quest to continue to gain share. 
Our strategy to accelerate growth has 5 elements. Grow more than 2% per year through accretive, strategic in-line acquisitions; expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation; be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of Diagnostic Information Services; and then finally, support population health in data analytics and extended care services. 
Let me take you through several highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth in the quarter. Recall, we shared in our initial guidance that we carried over 1% growth into the year. The 9 deals we announced and closed since the beginning of 2018 position us well to meet our M&A growth targets in 2019 including our recently completed acquisition of the clinical laboratory services business of Boyce and Bynum. 
Our pipeline remains strong, and we're having several conversations with health systems evaluating their hospital outreach lab strategy. We delivered strong organic growth through the quarter, thanks to the best access to insured lives this company has had in over a decade.
In January, we saw a rise in volume attributable to health plans where we recently gained access and the year-over-year growth rate accelerated throughout the quarter. We're working hard to educate a whole new group of physicians on the Quest value proposition but it does take time. As we said, gaining market share through expanded network access will be a gradual process. So we're pleased by the progress we're making in our access improvement as well as we're making progress in our hospital reference testing, which reflects our recent PLS relationships and reference testing wins.
Trends in our reference testing business has shown improvement relative to last year. Key test growth drivers in the quarter included tuberculosis testing, Cardio IQ, drug monitoring and hemepath blood cancer testing, all of which showed strong revenue growth for the quarter.
QuestDirect, our consumer-initiated testing service, is being well received by consumers who are looking to take charge of their health. Our offerings are popular across the entire demographic spectrum with the largest percentage of consumers coming from the 25- to 34-year-olds. Earlier this month, we launched 3 new STD test packages allowing consumers to get tested at their discretion. 
The second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. Construction of our new flagship laboratory in Clifton, New Jersey is well underway. The lab builds on the success of our Lab of the Future at Marlborough, Massachusetts incorporating innovative uses of building design and automated technology to provide a broad range of advanced diagnostic information services to more than 40 million people. We expect the lab to be operational in 2021.
We also continue to drive increases in productivity. We have rebalanced resources and reduced expenses in some areas while ensuring we have the operational resources needed to deliver on the volume growth that we see. Productivity gains have enabled us to effectively manage our headcount growth. So here are a few proof points: we're seeing improved electronic order rates as we increase volume from the expanded network access, which improves our lab productivity; we continue to re-enable our enterprise workflow, which has allowed us to reduce the number of specimen pickups and the number of client calls per requisition to our call centers; we've also driven increases in our supplies efficiency; and then finally, our labor productivity gains have enabled us to reduce our labor cost per requisition in the first quarter while providing salary increases for our front-line employees.
Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark, who will bring you through the financial performance. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well to summarize, we're off to a good start in 2019. While our industry faces significant reimbursement pressure, we are pleased with our results in the quarter. We're driving volume and market share based on being in network for approximately 90% of the commercially insured lives in the United States. We believe we are well positioned to meet our commitments in 2019. 
With that, we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes, thank you, Dan. Well first of all, as we said going into the year, we expect that we'll have an initial pickup in the first month in January, given all the work we did in 2018 to get the word out about our access changes, and we did see that. And then also what we said at the beginning of this year is we do expect that it will continue to build, and it continued to build in Q1 so we saw an improvement in February and also in March. But equally, we expected it continue to gradually build throughout the year. So as we've said, this is a nice growth opportunity for us in '19 but we equally see an opportunity in '20 and '21.

Yes, well, thanks, Ross. Well first of all, we're excited to be part of the Preferred Lab Network. As we mentioned in our comments, we're 2 out of 7. So very tight network and this will start on July 1. However, the word is out. And as you all know, the word was out when we announced that we're back in network last year. So we've had quite a lot of interest from the other national payers about what this means to some of the large regionals. And needless to say, we think it's the beginning of a trend that we would like to continue to see in other relationships that we have. What this means will become more clear as we get into it. But what we indicated clearly there will be incentives for physicians and patients in the benefit designs to move more of the volume through the high-value lab providers, like Quest Diagnostics. Second is we need to continue to perform. So we are a high-quality lab, both in service and medical quality. We'll be providing statistics quarterly to demonstrate that. And then finally, we'll continue to move with the opportunities we see in the marketplace to consolidate the marketplace and pick up share, which will include continuing to work on our hospital strategy, picking up share for some of those hospital outreach labs. So we think this is a good first step in a trend that will continue. It's not going to be just with United but other payers will follow.

So Ross, it just comes backs to, we think we have a unique setup in our industry to gain share. PAMA is the big change and it changed the underlying profitability of the industry. When we were at our Investor Day, we talked about roughly half the profit coming out of the industry and whenever you take half the profit out of any industry you're going to see consolidation and we're the market leader and we're going to consolidate. Second is you do see now with the Preferred Lab Network for United and what Mark just said about other payers following, there will be tighter purchasing with the payers. And then finally, this is driven in part by members pushing back on the high cost of health care and the movement to more transparency with much more visibility and wide variation in health care cost. And Quest Diagnostics is really second to none in terms of our quality, our service and at very, very competitive prices. So we believe this is a different place at a different time and we've gotten an opportunity to pick up share.

Yes, Mark, why don't you take the Shiel?

And Patrick, the second part of your question has to do with our funnel and activity and just in general is there more interest of particularly, I think, you're referring to hospitals -- hospital outreach laboratories selling their business. If you go back a year ago, what we've said is PAMA was announced and it was the first year of payment cuts and what I've said in our travels is that very few hospital CEOs were aware of PAMA back a year ago. I would say that has changed. Many more are aware of it. It's becoming much more visible. What we continue to push in terms of helping to think through our -- their lab strategy has continued to get traction. And so we're in active dialogues, as I said in our prepared -- my prepared remarks with a number of systems around their lab strategy, which includes outreach. Now you couple PAMA with what you're hearing about the payers putting pressure on the Preferred Lab Network and as you know, the most significant price differential is typically with hospital outreach labs. So when we have this conversation, clearly you hear about PAMA, it's a -- potentially a 30% cut for their Medicare business, but you also see pressure on the payer side. And then thirdly is they are hearing from their physicians that their patients are pushing back on their high out-of-pocket cost. So in general, this is putting more logs on the fire of consolidation and our hospital strategies is in the works of getting more and more opportunities in front of us.

Yes. If you look at the 7, what we mentioned is 2 are Quest and that's Quest in general and then our AmeriPath subsidiary, which is our anatomic pathology business. Equally, you see 2 from Bio-Reference and so if you look at the list of 7, essentially what you find is 2 national laboratories broadly and Bio-Reference within reason for, let's say, the general diagnostics. And then all of us for intents and purposes compete in the what we refer to as advanced diagnostics. The specifics of incentives around that are still to be defined by United. And when we have more that we can share with you, we will. But clearly, it will drive -- there'll be incentives in place to drive volume for the general diagnostic side as well as the advanced diagnostics side.

Yes. Well let's start with utilization. I'll have Mark talk about where volumes fit in with what we expected in the quarter, but utilization is stable. As we said in the past, we look at this from a lot of different directions as you all do and from what we can tell, utilization in general is stable and that's -- I would argue for our physician business and non-hospital business as well as our hospital business. Mark, volumes relative to what we expected?

From Aetna.

Yes. So we are -- as far as PAMA, as we've said, we are planning on the worst and working to get a better outcome. So what we've implied in our guidance and what we've implied in our outlook assumes the full impact of PAMA through 2021 -- excuse me, 2020. And what's happening as we speak is actually today they're hearing the oral argument of our appeal. If you recall, the District Court that saw our case decided not to rule on it because of jurisdiction issues. We appealed that and so we're having our oral argument today. That will be heard. They will digest that and make a decision. If it's a favorable outcome in our behalf, then we'll go to the court again. The sense is that we'll hear something this year on our argument and then the case will follow thereafter. Second is if we don't get a positive outcome, then we could appeal it in Supreme Court. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. In parallel to all that, we continue to push with members of Congress that CMS got it wrong. We need to take time to get it right. We need to make sure that we give them all the data because that was what was intended. That was the congressional intent and so we're working with members of Congress on the legislative fix to make sure that we take the time to get it right. And essentially, what that would mean is push out the data collection period for some period of time to get the right amount of time for everyone to be prepared to submit the data. And the data again will be 2019 data. So the data in the first half of 2019 will be what is submitted. But we're pushing to make sure that's delayed. So that's where PAMA stands.

Yes. So I would just say we introduced our new offering in the fourth quarter of last year. It's off to a good start. We're seeing a nice month-to-month progression of growth. Nice adoption in the number of test categories. We did mention in the prepared remarks our inclusion of a few bundles around sexually transmitted diseases. So we're pleased with progress so far, and we did contemplate that in our guidance for the full year.

Yes. First of all, transparency in general. So a number of national payers, and I would say regional payers too, have pushed on educating their membership on a wide variation of health care costs. And yes, it's about lab and it's about everything. So a lot of visibility around radiology, a lot of visibility about every kind of procedures. So depending upon who you might have your insurance with, you probably have seen some of this. So that drum has been beaten and it will continue to beat. 
In parallel to that is employers are hearing a lot of pushback from their employees about the cost of health care. We hear it at Quest Diagnostics, and we haven't talked about it much but we actually have done a lot of work to bend the cost curve at Quest Diagnostics with their -- our health care costs. And in doing so, where we've managed about 60,000 lives, we've actually bent the cost curve. And the reason for that is employees are pushing back on their employers on what they're paying for out of pocket. And this is their premium cost. It's their high deductible. So it's the co-pays and co-insurances. And so they're getting a lot of noise and also those patients are pushing back on their physicians and physicians are pushing back on administration. 
So what I'll say is this has picked up a lot of steam, and we are encouraged because when you look at the facts, you look at our medical quality, you look at the service performance and you look at our price points, we're really second to none. And that's reinforced with the Preferred Lab Network with UnitedHealthcare and there'll be other payers that follow. So it will continue. We talked about Massachusetts as a state that has really put more out there, but we think more states will follow and more payers will follow. And as more payers go down this path of a Preferred Lab Network, part of this will be around you can get the best quality, best service at the lowest prices from a company like Quest Diagnostics. So it's going to be one of the opportunities that we take advantage of to pick up share.

Yes. The term I'd use is stable. We keep on doing our same-store or same-account measurement where we look at 100 accounts, where we know they're accounts of Quest Diagnostics, and we look at their volumes year-on-year. And we've tracked this for years. And what we see is it's a stable environment, and this is for the nonhospital portion of our market. And equally for the hospital portion, we believe that's stable as well if you look at the volumes that we see out there in the marketplace. We believe both are stable.

No, no. Because I would say that it bounces around a little bit. But in general, we're feeling that, that -- it is within the range of a normal variation that we've seen historically. So stable is a good way of characterizing what we see.

Yes. Several things. One is we started with Safeway stores. We've shared in the past that, that's going well. Good results from those stores. Second is we've started a joint venture with Walmart. That has been progressively building and results have been very good. As you'll recall, we started with Texas and Florida, we're now beyond Texas and Florida. We're in multiple states. We're greater than 50 stores, approaching 75 to 80 stores throughout the United States. Again, what we're finding is that it benefits all stakeholders. We think it's good for Quest Diagnostics. 
And we've shared in the past that this is not about a savings in real estate. It's actually an opportunity for us to get more productive with our phlebotomists as we consolidate those in one location. Second is it's a better location. So it's better for employees, it's also better for our patients that we serve. So they're walking for other purposes, to get your script filled, do some grocery shopping, and oh by the way they can stop at Quest. We give them a pager. They walk the store. They come in conveniently. Many of those people have fasted. So they can get a bite to eat before they leave. So good patient experience. 
And then finally, Walmart likes it because it's more patient volume and it's a good experience in their stores. And what we're finding in those ZIP codes where we've done this, we do have an opportunity to pick up some share because it's -- again it's a much more convenient location for us in that marketplace. So if the patient has the choice they're going to go to the convenient location. And so what we're driving to is if you look at the 2,200 Patient Service Centers that we have throughout the United States, we'd like to have about 50% of those Patient Service Centers eventually in more of a retail-like setting. So it gives you an idea of the extent of our strategy. And when I say that, we already have a retail-like strategy beyond Safeway and the Walmart locations because we've already had some of our Patient Service Centers in more of a retail environment than a medical environment. So of -- the progress so far is -- continues to be a good one. We're encouraged by it and there will be progress made this year.

Yes and as you'll recall, as part of our strategy, we're using our data to support population health with extended care services. And so what you'll hear more of is basic health care services that we're also providing in those stores to manage a population. More to come on that but it's beyond draw services for Quest Diagnostics as we go forward.

Yes. On HCA, we believe that it bodes well. We believe if you ask HCA that question, they would give you the same feedback. Remember, this is in their Continental Division. So it's actually one of our Professional Lab Services engagements where we help them become more efficient with their hospital laboratories. So we now can demonstrate, now that we've been into it for a couple of years, that we are saving them money, and they're pleased by that and the quality has not in anywhere -- way deteriorated. So we're hopeful, given the success there that we could take that model and try it in some other locations throughout HCA. We're actively discussing that possibility as you would expect. But no firm indication that they will expand beyond it. But it is a success story for us with a very large for-profit system.

Yes. I'll take the beginning of that and then turn it to Mark in terms of what's in our guidance, if you will. So yes, it is Trident. What we referred to is what you can read yourself related to their lab business where they served the nursing home marketplace. We have very little exposure to the nursing home business. It's a tough market. We have a little bit of nursing home business. It's not a big market opportunity for us. So the answer to your question, it all depends whether we pick up some of the volume. If we can make money at it and we can serve the marketplace well, we would consider it. So it all depends on where the volume is and at what price points and whether we can serve the market well depending upon the presence of our laboratories and where their facilities are. Mark, you want to take the other piece?

Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your support, and have a great day.