Thanks, Shawn, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Well, this morning, I'll provide you with the highlights of the quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy, and then Mark will provide more detail on the third quarter performance and give you an update on our outlook for 2018.
We grew revenues and continued to deliver strong earnings growth in the quarter. Revenues were up nearly 2% despite the effect of industry headwinds we called out last quarter. Reported EPS was up more than 32% from 2017. Adjusted EPS grew more than 25%.
As you saw, we have revised our full year revenue guidance to reflect lower-than-expected revenue performance this year, which was affected primarily by 2 factors. First, as we detailed in the second quarter, we faced headwinds in the areas of prescription drug monitoring, hepatitis C and vitamin D testing. While we made some progress, these testing areas continue to impact revenue growth in the third quarter. Second, in the third quarter, we also saw a rise in patient concessions, which Mark will touch on later.
Now before we get into the details of the progress we've made in the quarter, I'd like to provide context of some market trends, starting with an update on PAMA. Last month, a U.S. District Court judge dismissed on narrow procedural grounds our trade association's lawsuit over the implementation of new Medicare pricing for lab tests under PAMA. The court's opinion, however, acknowledges that ACLA's arguments on the merits raised important questions about HHS' actions. This is, of course, disappointing for our industry and it is potentially harmful to Medicare beneficiaries.
Last week, ACLA appealed the District Court's decision, demanding a hearing on the merits. At the same time, the industry continues to pursue a legislative fix. Additionally, CMS and our industry continues to work together on addressing the current PAMA issues.
So as we sit here today, PAMA is having an impact on Quest and the rest of the lab market. Increasingly, smaller independent labs and hospital outreach labs are struggling financially due to lower Medicare reimbursement, not only directly due to PAMA but also under contracts with pricing indexed to Medicare. So multi contexts of the business, setting PAMA as a factor, and we're continuing to plan and manage our business as if PAMA is here to stay.
At the same time, there has been increasing scrutiny of the wide variation in health care pricing in the popular press. Consumers and employers, who pay for most of the health care, are becoming more price-sensitive. Last month, the Wall Street Journal reported that health plans that excluded costly providers can be much less expensive for consumers and employers. Quest offers a great customer experience. And coupled with our scale and efficiency, it makes us an exceptional value in the market compared to hospital outreach laboratories, which often charge 2 to 5x more than Quest.
So in short, there are 3 reasons we believe the market would continue to consolidate, and therefore, affords us an opportunity to accelerate growth. First, reduced reimbursement through the Medicare Clinical Lab Fee Schedule is beginning to have an impact on the laboratory industry. Second, health plans are embarking on a new strategy, looking to national labs to help with drug efficiency and laboratory spending. And then finally, consumers and their employers are more attuned to the variation in lab and health care pricing.
Turning to the third quarter. I'll review our execution against the 5 elements of our strategy to accelerate growth. The first element of our growth strategy is to grow 1% to 2% through strategically aligned accretive acquisitions. We announced 3 acquisitions in the third quarter, which strengthens our capability in several key areas. First, our acquisition of PhenoPath, which is a strong -- which has a strong record of innovation, provides several capabilities that complement and extend our own, particularly in the area of pathology and molecular oncology. It also expands our presence in the Pacific Northwest.
Our acquisition of the U.S. laboratory services business of Oxford Immunotec will expand our capabilities in infectious disease diagnostics. It will also bring us greater choice to physicians, who seek innovative blood-based tuberculosis and tick-borne disease testing.
And then finally, our acquisition of ReproSource expands our expertise in reproductive diagnostics.
Since the third quarter close, we have also announced the acquisition of Hurley Medical Center's outreach operation in Flint, Michigan. In this case, the seller indicated reimbursement pressure as a factor in deciding to exit the business.
Additionally, we acquired the assets of Provant Health to strengthen our employer wellness business.
So the acquisitions we've announced and will close in 2018 already position us within our 1% to 2% revenue growth target for next year. And as I indicated, PAMA should further contribute to our strong M&A pipeline.
Under the second element of our growth strategy, we continue to expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems. We continue to -- our preparation to take advantage of our opportunity to offer a first-class customer experience for UnitedHealthcare providers and their members when we become the in-network lab provider on January 1. Our commercial team has already been proactively reaching out to educate physician customers about their ability to use Quest for their UnitedHealthcare members. The revenue opportunity presented by the United contract will ramp over time. We do expect some portion of this new work to transition quickly. However, the larger opportunity to help UnitedHealthcare drive lower lab spend is expected to be realized over the next several years.
The third element of our growth strategy is to offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation. Our announced acquisitions in the quarter mentioned earlier will enhance our capabilities in advanced diagnostics, especially in the areas of Women's Health and infectious disease.
We continue to see strong growth in prescription drug monitoring in QuantiFERON tuberculosis testing. Additionally, this quarter, we saw solid growth in Cardio IQ as well as testing for sexually transmitted diseases.
On our second quarter call, we highlighted several market headwinds that impacted our growth in prescription drug monitoring, hepatitis C and vitamin D testing. We saw modest improvement in the third quarter. For example, PDM denials have steadily improved each quarter this year. We have also started to lap hep C headwinds we began to experience roughly a year ago.
In aggregate, the issues we have mentioned related to these 3 tests contributed approximately 100- basis points of headwinds this year against our original revenue expectations.
We continue to make progress executing the fourth element of our growth strategy, which is to be the provider of choice for consumers. Plus Walmart locations continue to see increased traffic and generate great feedback from our customers. In fact, for locations open more than 6 months, we've seen an uptick in volumes compared to the Patient Service Centers they replaced. We're currently operating in 21 Walmart stores in Florida, Texas and Illinois. We -- combined with our partnerships with Safeway, we expect to have well over 200 Patient Service Centers in retail locations by the end of 2018.
Consumers continue to embrace our digital experience. We now have more than 6 million users on our MyQuest app that lets them view and analyze test results, schedule their appointments, see Patient Service Center wait times and then finally, pay their bills.
The fifth element of our growth strategy is to support population health with data analytics and extended care services. We're seeing continued interest in Quest Clinical Trials Connect, which we launched in June. This is a new patient recruitment service to help pharm companies and CROs increase the speed of commercializing new therapies. We're working with several pharma, biotech and CRO companies with this new solution.
The second element of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. At the end of September, we launched a new appointment scheduling system for our patients. This new system utilizes best-in-class technologies to help patients schedule appointments at a convenient location. In the second week of deployment alone, we saw appointment-related calls into the national customer service center drop by more than 10%.
Our online specimen pickup option has been a big hit with our physician customers, with nearly 20% of routine pickup requests now handled electronically versus making a call. Physicians have given us positive feedback on the ease, efficiency and simplicity compared to waiting on the phone and writing down those confirmation numbers.
And then finally, our Invigorate program remains strong, and we're on track to over-deliver on expected savings in 2018. Overall, we continue to make excellent progress on our operational excellence strategy. And our leaders will be sharing more insights, successes and plans with those that attend our Investor Day, which will be held on November 29 in New York City.
Now let me turn it over to Mark, who'll take you through the financial performance. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, revenues grew and we delivered strong earnings in the third quarter. We're excited about our M&A activity in the quarter and are-well positioned for a top and bottom line growth in 2019. Finally, we look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Investor Day on November 29.
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes. And this is something -- on the patient concession piece is that -- I'm reminding everyone that close to 2 years ago, we teamed up with Optum and UnitedHealthcare around our revenue cycle management or billing operations. So we're working hand-in-hand with Optum on what we could do to affect bad debt as well as denials. We have really enjoyed the working relationship. As a matter of fact, this week, I'll be with that team. We'll talk about what we're seeing and how they can help us here as well. So that relationship continues to be strong and that's going to help us as there's more and more pressure on this side of our business.

I'll take the beginning of this, which is related to investments. We continue to make those investments we think are prudent for the capacity we're going to need, given what we anticipate as volume increases in 2019. And this is as we'd expect at the real granular level, thinking about where we have presence, where we're going to pick up lives with United, and therefore, where we'll pick up some share. So that's happening, and it's in our numbers. Second, as we continue to honor our commitment to our employees, paying out a bonus that'll come up in November. That is an investment this year in our employees. We feel good about making sure we have a good workforce that feels good about working at Quest and that continues. And then finally, the opportunity to continue to grow the business in the 5 growth strategies that I outlined continue to be a promising opportunity for us as we come out of this year and we enter 2019. So none of that is changing. We're making excellent progress in all of those elements.

Yes. You asked also about the offset of working with our providers -- excuse me, our suppliers. And yes, this has all been an ongoing approach we've had with our Invigorate program. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we exceeded our goals for this year. Part of that is what we do with our suppliers. Our suppliers are well aware of what's happening with PAMA. As a matter of fact, they're working with us on the legislative solution. This is through the AdvaMed organization, which is the device trade association. So they're actively working on this with us and are very much aware of the pressure there will be on this industry. And beyond what we do with our suppliers, we continue to look at efficiencies. And we hope that many of you will come to our Investor Day because we'll be outlining more of the opportunities we see beyond 2018 into '19, '20 and '21 with more efficiency gains. Because as we shared over the past several years, even though we did hit that $1.3 billion goal, we see more opportunities in front of us to continue to run a higher quality, more efficient operation going forward. So we look forward to you joining us to hear more about that.

Yes. Sure. First of all, as I mentioned in the script, we continue to add stores. We're happy with the progress there. We're at 21 stores now, and it continues to build. And I'll tell you that, that number will be much higher than that by the end of this year. And we focused on the big states of Florida and Texas. And then also, as I said, we moved into Illinois as well. So there will be other states beyond those throughout the rest of this year. So that continues to build. So what you heard from Walmart is aligned with our view. Second is the experience has been quite good. It's been good for our patients. Those patients are also Walmart consumers. Walmart likes the volume in their stores. Our phlebotomists like the experience as an employee serving their customers better. And in fact, when we look at the volumes that we see in those sites that have been open long enough we think it actually does have an effect on our market share within that geography. So all around, a good presence. But we're not stopping there. The opportunity -- we talked about continuing to work with this joint venture with Walmart is how we provide other health care services. In some of those locations -- and frankly, we're detailing that out with Walmart and you'll hear more about that. And we hope to provide more color around those services at our Investor Day in November. And then equally, what CVS and now with the planned merger with Aetna will do with their strategy is a continuation of work we've done with them in the Minute Clinic. And we're hopeful as well as they continue to work on those integration plans with Aetna, given our great relationship with Aetna, great relationship with CVS, they too see an opportunity with the brick-and-mortar they have and with some of our capabilities of providing other basic health care services. So when we come to Investor Day, what we'll do with you -- what we will do is walk you through what we call our diagnostic services, which includes how we use our data and how we use the services and capabilities of Quest to help bend the cost curve. And some of that will be done with our Walmart joint venture and some of it will be done with other partners like CVS. But we do believe it's a great opportunity for growth in the near-term, but also for the long-term because we're just getting started, frankly. So more to come on that, and we hope that you show up for the Investor Day in November.

So just to reinforce what we said in the script is that we add the 3 together, we looked at our expectations for this year and all it has affected us, it's about 100- basis points. And that's our business. And I'll just remind everyone, we talked about this before, we are the market leader in prescription drug monitoring. So we're very strong in that category, continues to grow. But we clearly have more exposure than a lot of people in that space. And so therefore, any effects of those 3 have a bigger impact on us. So the 100- basis points is our estimate. And as Mark said, we continue to work this. We started working this in Q2. We made some modest progress, as I said, in my remarks. We will continue that throughout this year. And then again, as we start to lap it, we'll have less of an impact year-on-year. But different than what we expected, but still growing in these 3 categories.

Yes. Well, the business opportunity we have is those customers of ours that have the majority of their laboratory testing coming to us already, but a lot of times at another laboratory because we're not in-network with United. And so those are the accounts we've already knocked on their doors. We've shared with them the great news that we're going to be in-network starting January 1. We've worked on what we need to do, if anything, in terms of IT inspiration to get those orders in-house. And those will come to us early in 2019, those types of customers. The second group of customers that I'll broadly put in this category are those that might have multiple laboratories and our job is to make sure we gain share. And given the access that we have starting in 2019, which is really remarkably better, we believe there's also an equal opportunity for us to gain share beyond those great customers we have but for all customers to pick up share, particularly in some of the large states. We talked about this. When you look at Florida, Texas, California and New York, our access is going to be north of 95%. So great access in the marketplace, great value proposition, quality of service and also pricing. We believe we have an opportunity to pick up share in those accounts.

Yes. And just to -- one of your question around consumers genetics.

And just to remind everyone, we do have a relationship with Ancestry, and we provide genotyping for their ethnicity offering. It's a modest portion of our business and continue to get growth, but it is modest for us. We're optimistic about the opportunities with the Ancestry because we still believe there's an opportunity for us to work together with them around building awareness overall, around the importance of everyone knowing their family health history, and that's an opportunity for the future. But just with the context of in terms of consumer genetic testing, it's a small portion of our business with modest growth this quarter.

Yes. Just to reiterate, we will grow top-line and bottom-line in 2019. We've said that. What we also said is that the M&A that we have already shared will get us comfortably in that 1% to 2% growth in 2019. You couple that with the United opportunity that we've been speaking about gives us confidence in our ability to say, yes, we'll grow top and bottom line next year.

Yes. So let me do this. I'll remind many of you on this call of what we talked about of the opportunity we see with United, which if you go back and you recall what we've talked about the opportunities that many of the health plans see is by working with one of the nationals. As ourselves, we can do a better job of helping them reduce their laboratory costs. And what we talked about with United, to frame the opportunity in front of us is we've talked about United -- estimates that they spend anywhere from $7 billion to $8 billion in laboratory spend a year, and most people have estimated that the nationals may be providing about $1 billion of that. So therefore, there's a big opportunity as they think about how they do a different job and a better job of serving their membership with working now with Quest and at least one other national provider to reduce that spend. So when you look at that $1 billion versus the $7 million or $8 billion, you see the opportunity in front of us. And the biggest opportunity in the short run is, as I said earlier, is to go after those great Quest accounts. We'll do that early. But this is why we believe that this affords us a nice growth opportunity not just for '19 but for '20 and '21 because it's going to take some time to gain that share and move that work away from more expensive labs. And this is true for United but I'll also argue we'll be doing this for other health plans as well. So it's an opportunity to continue to pick up share. So we will, again, be coming back together in November. We'll help provide more visibility to what we believe the opportunity would be within reason. But hopefully, at least those remarks will help kind of size the opportunity in front of us given where we sit today.

And just on the acquisition. Remember, we have this feathering going on that we had a nice slug of acquisitions in 2018. We're again giving you some perspective on the outlook that we have for 2019 of the acquisitions. We'll definitely be in that 1% to 2%. Those '18 acquisitions have another year another under their belt, '19, where we get some of the integration done, that helps us layer that on top of the new acquisitions bringing in '19. But we're hopeful we have a more regular cadence around that 1% to 2% that you already see in the numbers. So it comes in, it takes some time to mature with the expiration coupled with the ones that are just showing up. That's already in the numbers for past years as well.

Yes. So what we said about the retail strategy, it is better -- it's a better location in these sites, so it serves our patients in the market better. And therefore, it's beneficial to the patients. It's beneficial to our employees and our partners -- in one case, it's Safeway, in the other case it's Walmart -- are happy as well. Now with all that, what we've shared in the past from a rent perspective, the cost of using that space, there's not a big difference between the 2. However, we're getting much better space. Many of our Patient Service Centers that we could collapse are Patient Service Centers with 1 to 2 phlebotomists. This affords an opportunity to take down those locations and put them into a better location, and that's better again for all stakeholders. And so it's not a cost savings, but what it provides us is a better quality and better patient experience. And what I said in my remarks, while we do now have enough data points where we look 6 months of what we close versus what we open, we believe the volumes are better in those locations. So it is positive financially for us, and it's one of the ingredients of us gaining share. Now, Lisa, again, this for our core business. We also believe there's an opportunity for us, particularly with the Walmart JV, to tag on to those physical locations more health care services that we'll be working with Walmart, with local partners, to be able to bend the cost curve for whatever partner we're working with. So that just affords us another opportunity beyond our core diagnostic service business. So hopefully that's help you -- helpful.

Yes. So what we said as what we've announced so far, puts us in that 1% to 2%, which is a good place to be at this point. We also said that given the environment and given the pressure that we see on hospital outreach operations, we think that's a catalyst we look forward as a nice pipeline. We just announced another deal of buying an outreach business this week, an outreach activity called -- out of the Hurley Medical Center in Flint, Michigan, and there will be more to come. So we've got a low share at this point, 1% to 2%, we're comfortably there for next year. But we do have a funnel that could add to that going into '19.

Yes. Continuing with what we have focused on, one is the opportunity around hospital outreach. We think it's a -- of course, it's a nice opportunity to continue to consolidate the market. And we do believe that will continue to build, and as I said we just announced another deal this week. Number two, you saw that we just announced a number of acquisitions that afford us new capabilities. The Immunotec acquisition gives us new blood tuberculosis testing capability, with tick-borne capabilities, so it's a nice add. ReproSource gives us nice women's health capability. And then we also talked about PhenoPath out in the Pacific Northwest so capabilities around pathology and molecular. So we'll always look for new capabilities. And then the third piece is, there are still regional laboratories that we believe are going to have as difficult time, if not a more difficult time in hospital outreach. And you'll see some regional opportunities. So if you look back in the last 5 years, if you look at the acquisitions, they fit in those 3 categories. There's been ebbs and flows in each of the 3, but generally that's what we continue to look at and they're all strategically aligned to what we do. And we have to have a path to value creation and hopefully you'll agree with us that we built up credibility around that. So we will continue to work on that and going into next year, we already hit that 1% to 2% and we've got a nice funnel to continue to pursue ideas that we can make money on.

Okay. I think we've handled all the questions. We thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your support. You have a great day, and hope to see many of you at our Investor Day in November.