Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Quest had a strong first quarter with our base business continuing to recover to near pre-pandemic levels. Contributions from acquisitions and PLS relationships accelerated growth in the base business have helped offset the reduction in demand for COVID-19 testing, which was in line with industry trends. 
In March, for the first time since the pandemic began, monthly organic revenue in the base business grew versus our 2019 baseline. As we noted at our recent Investor Day, Quest is well positioned to grow as the U.S. exits the pandemic and people return to normal activities and address the routine care issues that have been neglected over the past year. 
Also, as you saw in our press release this morning, our Board of Directors increased the company's share repurchase authorization by $1 billion for the second time this year, and we expect to launch an accelerated share repurchase, or ASR, in the amount of $1.5 billion in the coming days. 
This morning, I'll discuss our performance for the first quarter of 2021, provide perspective on industry dynamics and update you on our base business. And then Mark will provide more detail on our financial results. 
But before we get into the details of the quarter, we wanted to share our perspective on the ongoing role of COVID-19 testing more than a year into the pandemic as well as provide our thoughts on recent news regarding PAMA. 
COVID-19 testing remains critical as supplies of vaccine continue to be available to all Americans. Testing will help control the spread of the virus in addition to reducing hospitalization and saving lives. Continued testing will be key to helping segments of the economy reopen as more Americans become vaccinated. Vaccination is front and center in the minds of most people now and testing remains a critical element of safely returning to life. 
I'd also like to share our perspective on some of the most recent development regarding PAMA. So we're encouraged that MedPAC recently reported that it is exploring alternative data collection methods under PAMA that are less burdensome for laboratories. One of the alternatives mentioned is surveying a representative sample of independent hospitals and physician office laboratories instead of reporting all laboratories to submit data. 
We've been saying for years that CMS got the data collection process wrong and didn't follow the intent of Congress. MedPAC found that hospital outreach and physician office labs reported higher payer rates than independent labs, and that independent labs were overrepresented in the first round of PAMA data reported. We agree on both counts. 
The independent analysis by MedPAC also provides evidence that the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule would have been 10% to 15% higher if CMS had used a more representative sample that included more data from hospitals and physician office labs. The findings refute the claims that CMS collecting more hospital outpatient and physician office lab data would not have impacted the rate calculated by CMS. 
We believe that access to accurate and reliable testing remains critical, not just as part of our nation's ongoing response to the pandemic, but also for the millions of seniors who have delayed routine screening and care over the past year. We need to fix PAMA to avoid the Medtronic cost [indiscernible] in 2022 and to help ensure seniors have continued access to critical lab services they need and rely on.  
Additionally, we were disappointed by the recent dismissal by a U.S. district court of ACLA's challenge to PAMA. We are working with ACLA to determine next steps with respect to this litigation. We continue to work with policy makers to establish a clinical laboratory fee schedule that is truly representative of the full market and supports continued innovation and access in vital laboratory services as Congress originally intended.  
Now turning to our results for the first quarter. Total revenues grew by more than 49% to $2.7 billion. Earnings per share increased by more than 375% on reported basis to $3.46 and nearly 300% on an adjusted basis to $3.76. Cash provided by operations nearly tripled to $731 million. 
As I mentioned earlier, in the first quarter, our base business performed at its highest level since the start of the pandemic and continue to recover throughout the quarter. Demand for COVID-19 testing slowed in the quarter, reflecting an industry-wide trend. We performed an average of 101,000 COVID-19 molecular tests a day in the first quarter, which is well below our current capacity of approximately 300,000 tests per day. We are engaged on several fronts to bring needed testing to schools, businesses and industries by travel and entertainment, which rely on bringing people back together safely and in large numbers.  
With the current focus on schools, Quest is well positioned to help with our extensive logistics network as well as our ability to offer high quality, cost-effective classroom PCR testing using pooling. We want to help get kids back to school, and we're working with a range of partners to get it done quickly and efficiently. 
We continue to make progress on our 2-point strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. We discussed our strategy in detail a few weeks ago at our Investor Day. So we thought today, we'll take you through a few highlights of the quarter. We are excited about our agreement to acquire the outreach laboratory services business of Mercy, one of the nation's most highly integrated multi-state health care systems, and as we indicated at Investor Day, we're having a board discussion with leaders of larger health systems like Mercy. 
The Mercy outreach laboratory services business currently operates from 31 hospitals and clinical laboratories serving providers and patients in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. And we're on track to complete this acquisition by midyear. 
Our professional laboratory services relationship with Hackensack Meridian Health began in January and is off to a good start contributing revenue for the quarter. We recently announced the sale of our 40% minority share in Q2 Solutions to IQVIA for $760 million. IQVIA had a strategic vision and ability to lead Q2 Solutions on the next phase of its journey as a global leader in essential lab services. And Quest will support it as a strategic lab partner. 
We've made good progress taking advantage of health plan access within the first quarter. UnitedHealthcare implemented an initiative removing out-of-network benefits for insured groups in selected states. We also [indiscernible] in redirection efforts with Anthem in 8 more states during the quarter. And we're seeing benefits from these initiatives.  
And then finally, we've renewed our long-standing strategic relationship with EmblemHealth to provide comprehensive clinical laboratory services for more than 3 million members of EmblemHealth and it's affiliate, ConnectiCare.  
Turning to our strategy to drive operational excellence. We are on track to once again deliver 3% savings across the business. In the process, we're also improving the customer experience and quality and in the quarter, we achieved year-over-year improvement in 14 of 19 top tier quality metrics, which we track to gauge our operational performance.  
Now I'll turn it over to Mark to provide more details on our financial performance. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. And to summarize, we're off to a very strong start in 2021. Our base business continues to recover back to near pre-pandemic levels as people address the routine care issues that they have neglected over the past year. 
And then finally, I'd just like to thank all Quest employees who continue to serve the needs of people who rely on Quest every day. And so with that, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Mark?

So Mark, it would be good to share kind of our implied view on what's going to happen with COVID testing in Q2.

So you assumed Kevin that our base business, when we say base business, it would include acquisitions and PLS and organic growth. But let's just focus on organic growth. The steady improvement that we've seen in Q1 continues in Q2. And then it's somewhat offset by what we are anticipating with COVID, and that gives us the expectation around ranges of guidance in the second quarter. So hopefully, that's helpful.

Yes. So we feel good about the discussions and the funnel of prospects we have for what we have characterize as our hospital strategy. There continues to be a lot of pressure on this great delivery systems. They are considering their last strategy is one of the options to help them. And we have a number of examples over the past 6 months delivering on the strategies that we've talked about for years. And so the answer to your question, we do see continuation of interest in the building funnel with more prospects to come. 
What we shared at Investor Day is we reaffirmed our outlook that we would grow through acquisition around 2% per year. What we shared is that we historically have delivered on that 3 years prior to '21. And we believe that's still a good guidance number for us for this year and going forward, it is implied in our outlook for growth.  
So finally, as we do see the trends in general, just like all health care around consolidation. We do see systems interested in thinking about what's most important to them and what's their strategy and Quest help them with their lab strategy. And likewise, we see, if you will, fewer and fewer in-network providers with the health plans. And if you want to think about that, that is a consolidation play as well. And when those 2 forces happening, there will be more share in the hands of fewer, and our plan is to gain share. So all the megatrends and changes that are happening in the industry, we believe have actually improved to support what we've said for some time, and that our view is both for what's happening with hospitals and also what's happening with health plans.

Sure. Sure. So let me take a run around all the different customers the way we look at the market. So geographically, we have seen good recovery in Texas and the South West. We're actually seeing, really in the last several weeks, starting a much better recovery in California in the West Coast, which is good news. We see the South East starting to recover and get us back to almost 2019 levels that we spoke to earlier. So I would say those are moving in the right direction. 
Now the offset to that is, one is you've seen the spikes and the hotspots in the Midwest and when that happens, there's lockdowns and people are concerned about going into health care delivery, that's going to affect our business. So we've seen some of that, let's say, in the Midwest. And then finally, the Northeast, and the Northeast, including New York and Pennsylvania and going into New England. It's still behind, and it's recovering slowly, but we're the most off, if you will, in the Northeast. So that's the geographic swing.  
As far as physician business versus hospital business, the hospital business is actually very close to where we were. We're encouraged by that. We see admissions getting back to '19 levels. We see all patient procedures getting back to '19 levels. So that business is tracking nicely compared to where we were. And then the physician side, it all depends on what site is physician. Primary care is starting to turn on. Oncology, particularly those that have postponed diagnosis and treatment for oncology starting to turn on. And at the same time, we still see our prescription drug monitoring business or mental health and behavioral health and drugs and abuse still down versus where we were in '19. And that's an issue that varies by state and we're working on that. 
So I gave you a feel for what's going geographically, what's going on by physician, but also by what we describe as our clinical franchises. Mark, anything you like to add to that?

Yes. So thanks, appreciate the question. March was encouraging and we are watching April carefully. We do look at the number of tests per requisition to see if we're getting more density, if you will, of testing per requisition. And we talked about the main explanation for the increase in the calculation of revenue per req had to do with the COVID mix, the straight calculation. But we have historically seen a, let's say, modest expansion of the number of tests for a variety of reasons. We offer more secondary if there is a higher level of acuity and chronic disease and aging of the population. So we have generally seen a general increase in that, but nothing that was really notable that's standing out within March.

Yes. So if you go back to where we started off the year, what we said is we do expect COVID PCR testing to decline throughout the year and we mentioned in our remarks, we did see that in Q1, and we see it happening in the country. So as Mark said earlier, we do expect that continuing trend in Q2 and that will continue into the second half. 
Now with that all said, we do see this transition from what we said is more clinical uses of the PCR testing, rule in and rule out COVID from hospitals, rule in and rule out patients seeing their physicians and moving it to return-to-life activities, and there's a lot of activity around that, Jack. A lot of activity. I mentioned in the remarks, what's going on around schools. There's 2 funding mechanisms for that from the U.S. government. We've actively engaged with a number of, let's call it, systems integrators that will be coordinating the efforts beyond the laboratory testing. We're well positioned there. 
Secondly, corporations are now thinking about how they get people back physically into their places of work, maybe albeit not as full-time as they want for. But despite the vaccination progress, they're still going to be testing requirements with the return-to-work activities. And then let me just say, the entertainment piece of this is big, too. We see now sports teams want to put pants back in the stands. We see New York City interested in getting people back. The tourism as they get into the fall and turning back on the city. We mentioned in our prior remarks and other calls and meetings that we participated in this pilot study with New York to provide a check if you're willing to provide access for an individual over the course of the day. So that type of activity will be a larger portion of what we do for COVID testing in the back half. 
Now with all that said, we're not providing guidance for the back half, but we do see continued PCR testing in the back half, but it's going to change in its nature. And also we do believe COVID-19 testing and PCR testing will continue in '22. This is not going away fast.

Yes. So first of all, as you know, not all tests are created equal. And PCR still is the gold standard. And we do provide a solution with antigen testing, okay, as part of appropriate utilization of that testing, particularly for surveillance. But as we know, the antigen testing sensitivity and specificity is good for, let's say, day 2 through day 5 of a potentially infected person. But the PCR test is really the gold standard to rule out if someone has been exposed in the early days or rule out if they think they are exposed in the late days. And so the sensitivity and specificity we have with our PCR testing is quite good. And so physicians know that and therefore, that's why we're so confident that it will continue to be an important part of how we fight this pandemic. 
As far as the consumer, the consumer is trying to figure out to get easy access to testing. And they will get that access in a variety of forms. And by the way, our turnaround times now for PCR testing are much better on average than the 2-ish days that we often talk about several months ago. We're now delivering results in less than a day for many tests that come in. And the reason for that is, remember the remarks I made, we're testing about 101,000 tests per day, and we have approximately 300,000 per day for capacity. So that allows us to have much better turnaround times, which we believe, as that becomes more and more visible and people want to get good access to the gold standard, they're going to rely on those places they can get access. 
So we continue our relationships with retailers. We're expanding our relationship with CDS that has gone quite well. CDS is active on promoting good access to PCR testing around the drive ends, and Walmart as well. And then also with our direct-to-Quest capability that we talked about at our Investor Day, we have put on that platform, both PCR testing as well as serology testing. And we are seeing high levels of interest from a consumer perspective of what they could do simply by getting a collection kit in the mail and FedEx envelope to ship it back and have good turnaround time to start out with MyQuest. 
So that will continue to build. And the consumers, as they start to return to life in a safe way, want to be assured that even if they are vaccinated or if they have natural immunity, they are not walking into a situation that they might have been exposed in some ways because they fell through the cracks with all the caveats we have with the effectiveness of the vaccines, the questions about natural immunity, and then also with the new variants as well. So because of that, we keep on working on better and more efficient and easier ways for Americans to get access to PCR testing. And we've got now, I think, a lot of the chance to do that, and that will continue to be an opportunity for us in the back half.

Mark, do you want to talk the ASR?

Yes. Serology, we imply that it will continue at the same level. We are pushing on the value of serology going forward. We believe that the semi-quant capability that we offer has nice insight into what response is happening in patients in general with the virus and therefore, that has value. We also believe that between historic PCR and serology, knowing that you've had the virus is important for Americans to know. So we keep on pushing down the value, and we will continue to look at new tests beyond that or the immune response long-term includes T-cells, we don't have that, but we continue to look at that as being the prospect. 
So you should assume for now it's stable with what we've seen so far, but we continue to believe this is more and more valuable in the quarter. We continue to work on developing the tests to support that.

Mark, you want to take the first one, I'll take the second one?

Yes. Yes. Just to transition. So as you'll recall in our Investor Day, we went through a walk, if you will, to bridge you from the pandemic years of '20 and '21 into '22. Mark went through chart with some math, which gave you kind of our indication for '22. And also, as I said earlier, is we do believe there would be some COVID testing, but the base business will be recovering and we'll get growth going forward in '22 based upon our outlook. 
So the last question you had, Ricky, it had to deal with the digital front end and digital-first and we're excited about this because we're very well positioned. This isn't something that we have just started working on. We've been working on it for a while. First of all, if you go back to a large provider like Quest, we're very much embedded in the ecosystem of connectivity already. We have over 500 interfaces of all the different electronic medical records, obviously, that's the big players like Epic and Cerner, but there's hundreds of others. And so therefore, we have a real strong interoperability capability. And that's helpful because when you're in the workflow, because from a physician perspective, it allows you to more streamline the different service offerings like laboratory to a fewer players. 
And then secondly, this past year, we've seen the acceptance, if you will, of telehealth. It has been growing nicely but out explosively, and we did see explosive growth in 2020 and we believe that overall, that acceptance, if you will, of that front end being an accepted way to first engage with the health care system will continue. And the payers are working on that and providers are working on that, and they're working with other partners, and we're very well positioned with those other partners. Who are those partners? Those partners are some of the telehealth companies that you know. And those telehealth companies, as they become much more embedded in health care delivery, let's call the digital Bradman, will rely on a fewer number of laboratory service providers, and therefore, we're very well positioned as more of a small handful of what just described as the preferred lab network that we are already with United, but for this new world that we see. 
And with all that, we do believe that our direct-to-consumer initiative will have an opportunity as well because consumers equally are wanting to engage with health care delivery. They not always need to engage with their physician. And therefore, with the prospects we see of growing that business and the opportunity for consumers to serve themselves, if you will, seems to be a big opportunity for us. 
As far as investment, we are investing. We were fortunate enough to have the capabilities in 2020 and '21. If you again go back to what we shared at Investor Day, we said we're investing about $75 million over a period -- over the last 2 years, 2021. Some portion of that is related to what we're discussing here. And so we're not rate limited by investments. We're rate limited by logistics time to get some traction, and we're very well positioned with the telehealth companies, very well positioned with the plans. And yes, we do see a change. And yes, this will allow us, again, to gain share as we go forward because they can't do this with tens of laboratories, they could only do it with a select group like us. 
So we have another question?

Yes. So the first part, yes, we did see an increase in the availability and use of the antigen testing and point-of-care testing throughout the last 12 months. Clearly, it has picked up in the back half of 2020. We see that continue in '21. So if you look at the industry trackers on how much testing we are doing in this country, clearly, it has dropped off, and therefore, volumes have dropped up as well. We believe in those tracking mechanisms. It's predominantly PCR. However, we think there could be some point-of-care antigen testing in there, but we believe it does not include all the testing that's happening. 
So if you look at it, well, it is happening for PCR testing throughout the United States and if you look at the estimates that are coming from these point-of-care and antigen providers, you see that the actual level of testing is almost at the same level that we were in the summer, but in different forms. So the answer to your question is, yes, there is a transition from PCR as exclusively what we have to more of the capabilities around point-of-care or antigen testing. However, going back to what I said, all tests are not created equal. And so we're also working with clients to make sure they realize where antigen testing can be helpful for a period of time. And also when you need to reflex into PCR and where you can use point-of-care and costs are not all going to be equal. So it has come down because of what we described, but there continues to be a strong role for PCR through the remainder of '21 and also into '22.

Yes. Yes. So what we have been working on as a journey to pick up share, if you will, with United and what we shared in March at our Investor Day is we really kicked off the network program in 2019. We saw good progress there. We're actually very encouraged by what we saw in 2020 at the very early days and then we have the pandemic. But it didn't stop our activity. So what we shared is we actually picked up some share over that period of time, but we have more share to gain. 
And there's a list of activities we're working with United to support picking up share and getting it to at least that 25% level, one of which is what we're providing is limiting the out-of-network policy and benefit design for their fully insured book. And where that has happened because we have other examples of the top, it get -- does move share to us. We don't provide specifics on states and specifics on how much that this contribute to a share. But it did have a nice impact for us to allow us to pick up share. And so we continue that in March. 
But I'll also share that we didn't share everything we're doing. We have many other programs, and some of this is working with their client sponsors, their employers, some of this is working with their regions, specific opportunities with providers. When we do an outreach purchase in relationship within the geography, we lose work out of this expensive venue to a less expensive venue, which is Quest, and all of those are active relationships that we have to continue to build share with United and other payers. Thus equally, we continue to work programs with Anthem and others.

Mark? Mark, you there?