Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. So in a year dominated by the pandemic, Quest brought critical COVID-19 testing to our country and delivered record revenues, earnings and cash from operations for the fourth quarter and the full year 2020. 
The pandemic has tested our nearly 50,000 employees, and they have responded as heroes by developing COVID-19 tests, building test capacity, innovating new testing models with our retail partners, transporting specimens, delivering results and, of course, supporting our customers. 
We finished the year as one of the country's leading providers of COVID-19 testing. I'm very proud of what we have achieved and optimistic about what we can accomplish in 2021.
So this morning, I'll discuss our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. Our ongoing role in the COVID-19 pandemic and update you on our non-COVID-based business. 
And then Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and our financial outlook for the first half of 2021. 
Well, before we get into the details of the quarter and the full year of 2020, we wanted to share our perspective on the new strategy for fighting the COVID-19 pandemic proposed by the new administration. 
We are pleased by the efforts to expand access to testing across the country, especially in the underserved communities where there are known disparities in health care. We support the new administration's approach to controlling the pandemic by expanding the availability of testing supplies, enhancing laboratory testing capacity and ensuring a clarity of messaging about the use of test and insurance coverage.
We also support the efforts of COVID-19 pandemic testing board, and we look forward to additional details and days of weeks ahead. Now turning to our results. 
Continued high demand for COVID-19 testing, drove our performance throughout the quarter and the second half of the year. For the fourth quarter, total revenues grew by more than 55% to $3 billion. Earnings per share increased by more than 126% on a reported basis to $4.21 and nearly 168% on an adjusted basis to $4.48. 
For the full year 2020, total revenues grew by more than 22% to $9.44 billion. 
Earnings per share increased by nearly 71% on a reported basis to $10.47 and more than 70% on an adjusted basis to $11.18. 
Cash provided by operations increased by more than 61% to $2 billion. We announced today that we are increasing our quarterly dividend by 10.7% to $0.62 per quarter, and this is our tenth increase since 2011. 
Additionally, our Board of Directors has increased our share repurchase authorization by $1 billion. 
The increased authority is on top of the approximately $900 million that was available as of December 31, 2020. 
In the fourth quarter, we continue to see strong COVID-19 testing volumes. Demand clearly spiked as the virus surged and people got tested in advance of the Holiday calendar. We performed an average of 135,000 COVID-19 molecular tests today in the fourth quarter, well below our current capacity. 
We continue to innovate to further expand capacity, reduce turnaround times and gaining efficiencies. 
And finally, we are focused on addressing health disparities in the underserved communities through our Quest for Health equity initiative. We recently held our first COVID-19 testing event, at Abyssinian Baptist Church in Holland in conjunction with leading Black Clergy and the United way of New York City. 
Testing is more important than ever as the vaccines roll out over the coming months to get at-risk patients into care when they're weak and still be effective, and to isolate infected individuals. 
We expect 2021 to be another very strong year for COVID testing. Although demand for COVID testing is likely to decline throughout 2021 as more people become vaccinated and fewer new cases are reported. 
We believe that COVID-19 testing will continue into 2022. Now turning to our base business. Organic volumes recovered rapidly throughout the summer fall. 
However, the recovery stalled at the end of November and into December due to the surge in COVID-19 infections across the country. 
And Mark will provide and share some more details regarding the trends in our base business later. With that, we continue to make progress on our 2-point strategy to accelerate growth and to drive operational excellence. 
Let me share some of the highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth. Our M&A pipeline remains strong, and we achieved our goal to exceed a 2% growth CAGR from acquisitions in our base business over the last 3 years. 
We continue to see increasing interest from our hospital partners about how we can help them with their lab strategy, which includes discussions around both their outreach acquisitions and professional lab service arrangements. The deals we closed in 2020, particularly the Memorial Herman outreach and MACL acquisitions position us well to achieve our M&A growth target this year. And we remain confident that this year, we will execute a more similar type of outreach for tuck-in deals in our pipeline. Last year was also a record year for our professional lab services strategy or PLS. And this is the business to partner with hospitals to help them run their inpatient labs more efficiently. In the fourth quarter, we announced 2 small PLS partnerships with hospital systems in New York and Indiana. And then in December, we announced our largest PLS relationship to date with Hackensack Meridian Health, the largest integrated health network in New Jersey.
Quest will manage laboratory operations and perform reference testing for 11 Hackensack Meridian Health hospitals. We also continue to execute our health plan strategy by shifting the dialogue to value-based contracting efforts from the recent past when discussions focused primarily on price.
We continue to make progress with our new strategic relationship with Anthem to improve quality inefficiency and the delivery of laboratory services.
We're advancing our position with UnitedHealthcare within its preferred lab network and also are building momentum with many of our other national and regional health plan partners.
Finally, we continue to grow our direct-to-consumer services in the quarter. 
In December, we announced our 0 out-of-pocket QuestDirect COVID-19 testing option. Their servers offers appointment scheduling and specimen collection at more than 500 participating Walmart drive-through locations. 
And also in the quarter, we saw a number -- saw a deceleration in the number of consumers signing up for MyQuest patient portal. 
Today, roughly 15 million patients have a MyQuest account, an increase of nearly 2 million since October. And recent market research indicates that our brand is strong and has strengthened over the past year with industry-leading Net Promoter Scores.
We have a strong foundation to accelerate growth in our consumer offerings. The second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We continue to pursue our goal to reduce our cost base by 3% per year. We also see opportunities ahead to drive further productivity gains, and at the same time, enhancing the customer experience. 
Now once again, our Invigorate program delivered approximately $200 million of cost savings in 2020. And we continue to see more opportunities to deliver future efficiency in our cost base.
Our new flagship laboratory in Clifton, New Jersey went live on January 4. This is the most highly automated laboratory in our network, and over the course of 2021, we expect to consolidate volumes from Teterboro, Marl, Baltimore and Philadelphia labs to this state of the art facility. Now before turning it over to Mark, I'd like to announce that we plan to update you on our strategy and market overview at our upcoming virtual Investor Day, and it will be held on Thursday, March 11. So stay tuned for more details. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, I'd like to thank all Quest employees who have worked tirelessly over the past year. They have delivered a significant portion of the country's COVID-19 testing while serving the needs of people who rely on Quest every day. Thanks to their heroic efforts, we delivered record revenues, earnings and cash from operations for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2020. 
In light of the country's -- company's strong financial performance, we have increased our dividend and share repurchase authorization while maintaining flexibility to pursue our M&A strategy. We look forward to sharing a more in-depth update on our market views and strategy at are upcoming virtual Investor Day to be held on Thursday, March 11. Stay tuned for additional details on that day. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Mark, do you want to start it?

Yes. Let me just add to that. Speaking to demand, what we would share is that over the course of the last 10 months, we've brought up our capacity considerably. And we're going to continue to build it. And the reason for that is we want to continue to be prepared in the event that we do have another surge.
And then secondly, is we want to make sure we really have a capability to meet turnaround times that are expected in the market. And over the last 10 months, obviously, a lot of our testing has been for the clinical purpose and what we believe as we enter the second half and we're having many discussions in this regard, there's going to be a lot more demand for return to work programs with employers, which have been pushed out, as you all know, return to leisure activities, there's a number of cities that have large tourism bases that are thinking, well, what they need to do to get people back into those venues. And there will be a lot of activity around just return to life.
And I know that we are still trying to figure that out, and that's going to offer us a lot of opportunity in the future.
And with that, there's always a COVID test, but there's also a number of services we provide, and those are yet to be defined. So we're still trying to understand what that second half opportunity would be. But what we see so far, we will continue to have strong demand, but it may take a different form as we get into the second half and as we go into '22.

Well, the step-up is -- the step-up that we've seen based upon the strong delivery that we have in the fourth quarter and the beginning of January. 
So we are -- as I said in my introduction comments, we are one of the leading providers of COVID-19 testing. Second is, it does not include serology and you did ask a question about serology because we do believe there'll be increasing role of serology throughout '21.
We seem to see some early indications that there's interest in understanding whether you have the antibodies or not, which might inform patients and physicians around their urgency of getting vaccinated.
And at the same time, we're bringing out a new capability called quant serology testing. And this will allow physicians and patients to see if, in fact, they do get the spike protein from the vaccines, and we'll be bringing that out of 2 platforms in the next few weeks.
And this can't help us determine if the vaccine is being effective. So we do believe that there will be some increased demands for serology. And this is on top of what we already do. And serology is providing a really important role for our management of the disease, overall surveillance, epidemiology and in measuring the response of what's happening pre and post the vaccinations in broad population. So we believe there's an opportunity in front of us in '21 in that regard.

Yes. So I think the new administration is leveraging what we've done in the past as a country and as an industry and taking it to the next level. I mean you see the capacity that's out there on the country back a few weeks ago, we were doing about 2 million COVID-19 molecular tests.
So obviously, up considerably from where we all started last March. But going forward, Jack, I do see that there will be a change beyond the PCR test, as I mentioned earlier. Now there's going to be greater demand for programs that get to portions of the population that help us get back to work, get back to leisure activities, get back to life. 
And so we're having a number of dialogues around that. And that will include the role of antigen testing and more rapid testing workflows that allow us to see if in fact a person that wants to engage and whatever the activity is, is negative and safe for a reasonable period of time to participate. 
So when we get into that world, we'll obviously provide testing. But as I said earlier, there's a number of services and also IT solutions that you need to provide. And like so much in health care, you see one, but we're currently engaged with a number of organizations, a number of municipalities and the number of corporations, and what they will be doing in this regard, particularly in the second half. I think the first quarter is outlined in our guidance.
We're going to start to see improvement as we get into the second quarter. I think the second quarter will be a telling quarter for us all. And we do see a lot of people getting prepared for better manufacturing rates, better position for populations to get back to work-life and leisure activities, and we're going to start to see more of that, and Quest has a significant role in helping in that regard.

Yes. Let me start with where you ended. I think the relationship with the health plans has never been better. As you've seen over the last number of years, we've increased our presence. We have the best access to lives now that we ever -- that we had in over a decade. And so we are in a very strong footing. And also during the pandemic share that we're deeply engaged with many of the plans of what they needed to take care of their membership and also their employees. So the relationship has continued to strengthen. 
And as I said in my introductory remarks, and Mark said as well, we're shifting the dialogue away from exclusively price to the value we deliver. And when you go back to what we've talked about in the past around what we bring to the table in terms of our value proposition and loan quality, our service performance, our innovation, all at a very affordable price. We believe our value proposition is really second to none.
And as I said, in the course of the last year, we've done service, look at our reputation in the industry and Net Promoter Scores, and those are quite strong. So when you bring those facts to the table, Jack, our position in terms of working out the forward-looking relationships has provided a much stronger foundation and a better understanding on the other side that we really do deliver a lot more value. So we're in a good position with our plans. We're in good position with our contracts. We obviously don't provide specific details, but we feel very good about that. 
And also I shared that, we continue to make progress with our United relationship with deferred lab network and the building relationship with Anthem, we're quite encouraged about as well. 
So we feel good about our relationship and the progress we've made, but also the opportunities in front of us to continue to build on what we've been talking about. So Mark, anything you'd like to add there?

Yes. Just to add to the CMS new methodology for reimbursement, as you know, we are reimbursed at $100 when we report the results in 2 days and $75 for all other results. 
And to Mark's comments, we have seen a few payers here is to look at this model as well. But we're encouraged by the public health and emergency extension through '21. And also just to share, our timeliness of our results are quite good.
We have met that threshold of 50% of COVID molecular test resulted in less than 2 days. We did that in the last few months. And I'll share that the majority of our testers are resulted in 2 days or less.
So in my other comments, I did mention that we continue to build capacity because it just gives us a lot more operational flexibility to meet better turnaround times based upon where the demand is coming from. 
So I think we're progressing well. We're a very good provider of the test. Time is one element and quality and reliability and also the type of testing we have done, our methodology for PCR tests, both on the LDT side, and obviously, the kits are somewhat consistent throughout the industry are really quite strong.
So if you look at the accuracy and the quality of our testing, people have come to consider us the gold standard. I think that will bode us well going forward as well.

And when we speak to that, I heard it in your question, we are looking at organic growth. And so we spoke of a couple of acquisitions that we closed last year. And in our organic discussions, we're excluding those and any other deals we might do prospectively.
So it's organic base business we're talking to.

Yes. So the acquisition, Ravi, will be on top of that. And we obviously announced a couple of deals. And what we said is we have a good funnel and anything we might do prospectively be on top of what we said.

Yes. So thanks, Lisa, for the question. So the first part is really about acquisition opportunities around hospitals, and you see that we announced a couple of deals last year that we were happy we did, and that's going to help us. And we continue to see a nice funnel for '21 as well.
And as you all know, hospital volumes have been down through '20. They have recovered for us. However, what we do see is a lot of renewed interest of looking at their lab strategies, which includes acquiring their outreach business and includes professional lab service agreements like we just announced in the fourth quarter. 
That relationship we announced in the fourth quarter with Hackensack Meridian Health system is the largest we've ever done. And I could tell you, it took a long time to get there.
And I believe the prospective reality of what's happening in the health care market this year helped bring that to a conclusion. And I believe that, that will happen with a number of dialogues we have going on with hospitals right now. So that's one piece. 
The second is on other commercial laboratories, yes, you're right. A number of what commercial laboratories that have jumped into the COVID testing arena. You see it with all the capacity we've added in the country. However, as that starts to be pulled back and they start to see what the prospects are, given what we're driving as an industry with consolidation with tighter contracts and networks around health plans, we believe that there still will be a catalyst in the marketplace for us to continue to consolidate. 
So yes, there's been a short-term opportunity for a number of labs to take advantage, if you will, the opportunity to provide COVID-19 testing. But as that starts to change as we get through '21, we believe the reality is of what the new world will be with tighter networks, more consolidation will play nicely into our strategy and allow us to acquire more going forward. And obviously, given our cash position and a strong balance sheet, we're in a very nice position to continue to do that. 
And also, Lisa, there's been a lot of discussion around all this additional capacity out there. We think people have added new systems and potentially does this put then a risk for us that these people are going to get into other businesses outside of COVID like women's health, we are watching it. And obviously, some hospitals have moved their molecular capacity to COVID, and we help them with some of the other work. But for other commercial laboratories and hospitals to use that capacity to get into competing with us, by way of example, wound. So that's a long stretch. 
I mean there's a lot to -- a lot more to getting a client to flip over then the lab capacity. You have to have a sales force, you have to have logistics capabilities, you have to do electronic interfaces, you have to work with the physicians, you have to be in contract with the health plans. 
So we are watching it, but at the same time, we're a little cautious in the belief that some of this will have a significant effect. At the same time, we're watching it carefully to make sure it doesn't. And we're staying on top of our clients to make sure we serve them well.

Yes. We're -- thanks for the question, and we're very bullish on our consumer strategy. As you all know, we have 5 strategies for growth, one of which is the consumer strategy and our direct-to-consumer business that we've built over the last several years has done quite well. And we do believe that the pandemic has now been an accelerator for that. 
We're providing COVID-19 testing through that platform. We're going to look at using it for consumer genetics. And as I said in my introductory comments, the interesting part of the pandemic is brought to the forefront, the strong role of testing in overall health care and the Quest has been out there more than ever, and our brand has been built.
And our brand is really second to none in our industry. And we coupled that with our service performance. And so we have this strong foundation, coupled with the change in the marketplace. And we do believe there's going to be a continuation of the number of consumers that are engaged -- that will engage differently with health care delivery systems and how they engage with the physician, with telehealth. We have a very strong presence with telehealth providers and with integrated delivery systems that offer the telehealth option. 
But at the same time, a lot of patients as well and consumers will want to receive their basic health checks and testing online as they buy so much else in their lives. And so we're very well positioned with reputation, with capabilities. And so we are investing in that in a significant way, more so than we would have if we did not have the pandemic. And so we think about the growth drivers going forward. And we'll talk about this some more in our Investor Day. We're very bullish about the opportunity we have in front of us around our QuestDirect, but also the consumer opportunity in general.

Mark, do you want to take that?

Yes. Sure. Mark, do you want to take the first part, and I'll take the second?

Yes. And a question about physicians, Ricky, we're watching this carefully because we do believe, going back to an earlier question about the consumer activity, that there will be a transition here now going forward with physicians serving the market in a different way. 
As we said before, about half the physicians have either sold their practices to integrate delivery systems or have strong affiliations with integrated delivery systems, and that will be consistent going forward. 
But the other half of the market, we believe there will be a growing percentage of that portion of physicians that are served by telehealth.
And we have a very strong position with those telehealth providers and that was before the pandemic. And those telehealth providers are not going to work with handfuls of laboratories, will work with a few. And then we'll have a real tight for lab network, as you would expect. And as you would expect, Quest would be one of those options.
So we feel good about that. Second as you see more consolidation going on in positions, and you see what's happening, particularly with one of the health insurance companies, Optum, acquiring physicians and a number of those physician practices or our customers. You think about that consolidation and think about their role, think about where they add value of bringing all those physicians together, we believe there will be an opportunity for us to work with a consolidator like Optum to provide lab services more broadly and really reduce the variation they have with all their physicians. 
And just one last point to show that this world is moving to a tighter network of lab providers. In the fourth quarter of last year, UnitedHealthcare actually announced the removal of a lot of network benefit for some of their fully insured members. 
And so it's just another example of the major health plan tightening up the network. So we think the physician side will change, and there will be a different way of providing physician services to patients going forward. And that trend, we believe, is a good trend, and will provide tailwind for us to consolidate the market.

Sure. So as I said earlier, we believe that hospitals will be now increasingly looking at their options to become more efficient, given the pressure that pandemics put on many of them. And we're encouraged by the level of discussions we had and the deals we have closed as an example of this is happening. So we think that's good. 
On the commercial laboratory side, we believe that some have gotten into the COVID testing opportunity. It's provided somewhat of an opportunity for them to get through this year. 
But as the dust settles and testing volumes go down, the reality of what we talk about dynamically, it doesn't change. And we think there would be many of those that would be looking at their options, and we do believe that COVID testing will continue into '22.
We believe that this will be the virus that we'll have to manage. So it will be more flu-like and something that will be behind us in the end of '21. And it's hard for us to scale at this time what that will be.
But you should not think that this is going to be a testing opportunity that will go away at the end of this year, but we do believe that will be with us in '22 as well. 
And as far as the flu, we talked about in a prior earnings call that we have offered a combination panel, when a patient presents itself with symptoms, the physician wants to rule out the flu and also COVID.
And so we have seen that be accepted. But as you all know, the incidence of flu this year is down considerably because of all our behaviors in the United States. So that has changed somewhat.
Shawn or Mark, you want to add something to food testing in general and exposure to answer the final point of the question.

Yes. Maybe just add to that performance we had in 2020 and the performance that we're indicating with our guidance in '21 is affording us an opportunity to invest in our growth strategies and that includes what we've talked about on this call, working on the relationships with health plans or gaining traction with presenting our lab strategy view to health systems -- hospital health systems, where we're doing around advanced diagnostics. And then finally, what was asked about earlier around the consumer opportunity in front of us. 
So implied in the guidance is an increase in investment for those growth drivers to accelerate growth of our base business within '21, but as we enter '22 as well. 
So if there are no further questions, I'd like to thank everyone for again joining us on this call. We appreciate your continued support and interest, and you have a great day. Take care.