Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well, we had another strong quarter and continue to build momentum, thanks to faster-than-expected recovery in our base business. 
Organic base testing revenues grew compared to 2019 levels in the quarter. This is the first quarter since 2019 that organic base testing revenues grew. The growth was driven by contributions from new hospital lab management contracts as well as people returning to health care systems. We are well positioned to continue our momentum and support the return to health care in the coming months, which is reflected in the outlook we have provided for the remainder of 2021. 
This morning, I will discuss our performance for the second quarter of 2021, provide perspective on industry dynamics and update you on our base business. And then Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and talk about our outlook and underlying assumptions. 
First, with regard to COVID-19 testing. We are closely watching the rapid spread of the Delta variant, where our testing continues to help control the spread of the virus. In recent weeks, we have seen PCR volumes stabilize and begin to increase modestly. Positivity rates have increased in all geographies served by our performing laboratories over the last 2 weeks. 
COVID-19 testing also remains critical as employees return to the workplace, and students return to the classroom in a few weeks. And whilst we experienced another milestone, we expect people to return to pre-pandemic health care and, in some cases, catch up with health care they might have postponed during the pandemic. 
Now turning to PAMA and the recent MedPAC report mandated under the LAB Act. We were pleased that MedPAC found it feasible to change the CMS data collection process to a statistically valid sample of private payer rates for independent labs, hospital labs and physician office labs. This approach would produce an accurate, representative market view of laboratory rates, while reducing the burden of reporting laboratories, which is consistent with the charge of the LAB Act in the original intent of PAMA. 
The MedPAC report estimates that Medicare spending for the top 100 tests on the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule could increase by 10% to 15% over current rates based on certain rate and volume assumptions. And separately, our trade association recently appealed its legal challenge to PAMA, which was dismissed by the U.S. District Court in late March. ACLA has asserted its right to challenge the regulatory overreach by HHS in the implementation of PAMA. 
Along with our trade association, we will continue to work with policymakers to establish a Clinical Lab Fee Schedule that is truly representative of the market and supports continued innovation and access to vital laboratory services for Medicare beneficiaries, as Congress originally intended. Now is the time to strengthen our laboratory infrastructure and support continued access to high-quality lab services that patients depend on. 
Turning to our results for the second quarter. Total revenues grew by nearly 40% to $2.6 billion. Earnings per share increased by more than 264% on a reported basis to $4.96 and nearly 124% on an adjusted basis to $3.18. Cash provided by operations increased by more than 30% to $460 million. 
In the second quarter, we continue to see a better-than-expected recovery in our base business, with organic base testing revenues essentially returning to pre-pandemic levels in June. We're seeing strong recovery in most of the country and a slower recovery in the Northeast. Demand for our COVID-19 testing slowed in the quarter as expected, reflecting an industry-wide trend, though the last few weeks of June, demand stabilized and has since increased modestly, which we believe is attributable to some extent to the emergence of the Delta variant. 
We performed an average of 57,000 COVID-19 molecular tests a day in the second quarter, well below our current capacity of approximately 300,000 tests per day. We have engaged with businesses in the travel and entertainment sectors in the quarter, and working with partners to support a safe return of students to the classroom. We're also collaborating with CIC Health, Ginkgo Bioworks, Battelle Memorial Institute to make testing easy, fast and affordable for school systems and other group settings across the country. 
We continue to make progress on our 2-point strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. And here are some highlights from the second quarter. 
We continue to execute on our M&A strategy. In June, we announced the completion of our acquisition of an outreach laboratory services business with Mercy Health, one of the nation's most highly integrated multi-state health care systems with providers and patients in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. With this acquisition, we are on our way to grow our base business revenues approximately 2% from accretive strategic acquisitions this year, and with additional M&A opportunities in the second half of the year. 
We continue to grow our health plan business, and made progress in the quarter with value-based programs with UnitedHealthcare and Anthem. Our volumes of these health plans are growing faster than the company average. We have also invested an additional employee headcount to better support these important relationships. 
During the quarter, we were also pleased to renew our long-standing contractual relationship with one of our largest health plan customers, Aetna. We remain a preferred laboratory provider and partner of Aetna's network. In addition, for the first time in over a decade, Quest is one of Highmark Delaware's in-network nonhospital-affiliated preferred labs, serving more than 450,000 members. 
It's good to be back in the market, competing on the basis of quality, service and value. We're helping all of us be focused on health care's Triple Aim of improving population health, enhancing the patient experience and reducing costs. And towards that aim, we are launching a new campaign designed to remind customers of the value that Quest brings to health care. 
Our Powering Affordable Care campaign speaks about our leadership in clinical innovation; our ability to enable better clinical outcomes for quality, speed and accuracy of test results; our improved patient experience with accessible, easy-to-use patient resources; and finally, our ability to reduce cost of care. 
Base consumer-initiated testing revenues continued to grow in the quarter. Today, more than 17 million patients have an account on the MyQuest app and patient portal, with nearly 100,000 patients enrolling each week. Finally, in Advanced Diagnostics, we're pleased to see full recovery in the growth drivers we're investing in, which we discussed at our recent Investor Day and are tracking to accelerate growth. 
Now turning to our second strategy. We made progress driving operational excellence. We're on schedule to complete the full transition to our new flagship laboratory in Clifton, New Jersey next month. This highly automated facility has consolidated testing previously performed in Teterboro, Baltimore and Philadelphia. 
There continues to be intense effort and energy around our Invigorate productivity initiatives, and we're on track to deliver our targeted 3% improvement across the business. We are focused on getting paid for what we do, and have made steady progress in reducing payer denials. Also, patient concessions for our base revenues were down in the second quarter to 2019 levels, driven by a focus on collection improvements. 
One positive outcome of the pandemic has been the patient and physician acceptance of the digitization of our experience. We are more customer-focused and efficient today with more self-serve options for customers, and we have moved a greater percentage of volumes to digital paperless transactions. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark to provide more details on our financial performance and our outlook for the remainder of 2021. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we had another strong quarter, with a faster-than-expected recovery in our base business. We are well positioned to continue our momentum and support the return to health care in the coming months. 
And then finally, I'd like to thank all Quest employees and the team, who serve the needs of people who rely on Quest every day. 
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes. So we're feeling good about the programs we've put in place over the last couple of years, Brian. We started this with United, as you know. And then we mentioned that we have a program that we're working with Anthem across the country, and we feel good about it. We continue to work on the programs with other payers that see this as an opportunity as well. 
And what I said in my remarks, we do see those payers and the volume going through those payers growing faster than our other base recovery. So we feel we're actually getting some traction with everything we've put in place. And I can tell you, the engagement between us and those organizations are quite good. 
And I've said before in my remarks, we see an opportunity to get a variation to move with a high-quality, low-cost, high-value laboratory like Quest Diagnostics and then tighten up the network to what we described as preferred lab network. And it's really all about what we've talked about in my remarks around the Triple Aim and Powering Affordable Care. So good progress. What we've done already is making depth in the opportunity, and we see more opportunities in front of us.

So we are seeing a nice step-by-step improvement in base business. So I would say it's been a nice recovery over the sequence of the first half. If you remember, we entered the half with our base business being down somewhat, around high single digits, and kind of improve throughout Q1 and that continued into Q2. And yes, there's different ways we look at it, one is the clinical cost. 
And we actually see good recovery in our general health business, in our cardiometabolic business. I mentioned in my remarks our Advanced Diagnostics business, which includes a portion of cancer and genetic and molecular testing to recovery. We still see our prescription drug monitoring and toxicology business being somewhat a little hybrid, but they're actually starting to recover, not back to '19 levels, but it's coming along. 
And then on geographic basis, we do see much of the accounts are back to '19 levels. And as I said before, the Northeast is stubborn. We see -- we have started to move in the right direction. Massachusetts and Connecticut and New York City being the slowest recoverer, if you will, and that's all boroughs, not just Manhattan. 
And we're hopeful, as the opening continues, as people get back into life within Manhattan and New York that, that will recover as well. So to answer your question, it started with -- it has a more of a nice steady progression clinically and also geographically. Mark, anything you'd like to add to that?

You know, it's hard to tease out. What we talk about in our calculation of revenue per req is that we are seeing more tests per requisition. So one could assume that some of that is tagged on the test because the patients just shows back up in the office if they haven't been there for 16 months. So hard to tell. You got to believe there's a little bit of that in my prepared remarks as people return and catch up on pre-pandemic levels. 
But we've also -- to Mark's point, that we're better than '19. But remember, when we started '20, yes, it has a nice growth in the first couple of months. And so we've got more opportunities in front of us to continue with recovery and also build on top of what we see to gain that share that we're planning for.

Yes. Mark, do you want to talk about Aetna?

Let me start with PAMA. So remember, we said in our remarks, we're fighting hard to get a better answer on PAMA. And so hopefully, that was clear in the remarks. We do believe that the MedPAC report does give us some data that suggests that we were right with saying that if you collected all the data, it was representative that there'll be a 10% to 15% reduction in the rates versus what we see now. And we obviously have some work to work with the reduction in the price cost, not a reduction in the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule, I think that’s clear, okay, an increase of 10% to 15%, right? 
And in that regard, we have some work to do to get that through Congress because it's going to take a legislative fix, but we're going to keep on pushing at that. But with all that said, we'll keep on saying is we're assuming worst case in our outlook that in fact in '22 we'll see another cut, okay? So that's clear. 
Then Mark, you want to touch a little bit on the range and whatever we pointed to at our Investor Day.

Yes. We continue to feel good about the investments we're allowed to make with the additional resources. We talked about at Investor Day about $75 million worth of investments. We talked today, that continues in the back half of the year. That’s dialed into the outlook or the guidance we provided. Yes, that's entirely consistent with what we teed up at Investor Day around our growth platforms. We're investing in those health plans, relationships with hospital, opportunities we see. 
We see opportunities to accelerate Advanced Diagnostics, and we feel good about the recovery we've seen there. And then also, the opportunity we see around the consumer and consumer-initiated testing. So our performance was allowing us to make these investments to accelerate growth, to get to that outlook that we provided to you for '22 and beyond, which is 4% to 5% top line growth and high single-digit earnings growth. So we feel good about our ability to make those investments, and we are making them. So we're hiring the people, we're spending the money, and it's included in the guidance in the back half.

As far as the investments, some of the investments are temporary within '21. But as you would expect, we're investing in long-term capabilities that will continue into '22. But rest assured the applied business case in the revenues associated would be there as well. So yes, we will have the outlook assumptions, we'll have some portion of these investments continue to '22 and trust that those investments are good investments for us to do that.

Yes. So I've implied and Mark just laid out the expectations around COVID testing. We did assume that the clinical testing would come down and the return-to-life testing would go up, and a portion of that return-to-life testing has to do back-to-school programs. And what we highlighted is we've been working with the different partners with 2 programs that are funded with the funding for testing. 
One is the $600 billion program -- $600 million program for return-to-school programs, where we have partners to help us with that. And school systems throughout the United States could apply for that money and get the money to reimburse whatever program they come up. And then there's a larger program of about $10 billion. But as you can understand, and I mean, every school system throughout the United States is going to have its own plan. 
And so they're going to start ramping up soon, getting into the month of August and then September. And I think there is going to be a fair amount of variance across the United States on who does what and when. And I do believe that, given what we see now with the delta variant, I'm sure that will have some bearing on the need for testing to make sure that we're safe when kids return back to school. 
And also, return-to-office programs. We do expect that there will be more returning to the workplace, those people that have been working remotely. I think, clearly, there's a heightened level of safety with that happening. And as I said in my earlier remarks, testing is vital to that. So we've embedded that in our expectations as well. 
But we assume that clinical testing would come down. We believe that a lot of our capacity is not used for the hospital portion of COVID testing as in the early days of COVID testing. And some of the recent increase that we've seen has been related to some of the effects we see from the delta variant, so far, in the last week or 2. So hopefully, I provided some color on what's assumed in the guidance so far.

Let me start with the first one. So yes, what we said is our general health and our cardiometabolic testing, which is sometimes referred to by us as our General Diagnostics, and I would say, the industry sometimes says routine. Routine has recovered nicely, and that's throughout the United States, a nice recovery there. 
Second, as you asked about oncology, we've seen good recovery in our AP business and anatomic pathology business. And as I said in my remarks, our Advanced Diagnostics business, which is our definition of sometimes called esoteric, that has actually recovered nicely and we are making investments there, and we think we're tracking well against our investment accelerated growth plans. So we feel good about that. 
And the second question, which has to do with point-of-care. And when I say point-of-care, this is the PCR point-of-care and then also the antigen test. We do believe there's some portion of the testing demand, if you will, that was -- that's taking place with these new approaches. We do believe there is a place specifically with return to work programs through antigen testing and some of the point-of-care applications. 
Well, equally, what you see with our volumes that's somewhat stabilized, as you saw in the second quarter when we reported our numbers and the modest increase that we saw is PCR continues to be the gold standard. And so in many cases, they do reflect that to the PCR testing when there is a positive for sure and a questionable negative metric, not the false negative. So we do believe we have a good place in the marketplace, and we do believe there is a place for the point-of-care devices, including antigen as well as PCR going forward.

Mark, do you want to take that?

Yes. As far as the investments, what Mark is every one of these plans have a detailed plan of what we're going to do to gain that share. And some of that happens naturally and some of that happens locally, and some of that happens by a line of business. So for instance, we do have some programs to go with the payer to their national accounts and their plans, sponsors and important plan sponsors. 
And so a lot of that is local, and so you asked a question where we're making investments, we'll put those investment dollars where we think we need extra capacity to drive those programs by payer. And there's a lot of variation around where those opportunities are by the payer, and that detail is what we're speaking to when we're talking about investments in the health plans.

Yes. so we're pleased with what we are able to do. It's pretty remarkable that we've built this facility in the middle of the pandemic. And for all types of purposes, we're on track. It is up and running. We bring in this facility to do that consolidation. We have to continue our program around harmonization of processes and harmonization around systems because they're all on the same platform within the new facility.
So we're on the final strokes of that implementation, we feel good about it. And then in that facility, we have implemented a lot of the new systems. We put in place our new immunoassay platform from Siemens. We've talked about it, it's a big investment for us. We are getting some pretty good gains from it and more to come such that we put in place new front-end automation and through the lab automation with our partner, Inpeco, and actually Siemens is on the systems integration with that as well.
So we are pleased with the progress made so far and we're looking forward to more productivity from that going forward as we continue to burn-in systems and work out some of the early details. And that's -- those improvements are already part of the 3% productivity gains that we have in our operational excellence program. They are already included in our outlook that we provided at Investor Day. 
Okay. So thank you, everyone, for this call, and we appreciate your continued support. You have a great day.