Well, thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. 
Quest had a very strong third quarter, benefiting from continued demand from COVID-19 testing as well as the rapid recovery from health care utilization. We have performed over 22 million COVID-19 molecular and serology tests to date, more than any other provider. 
We've also developed and introduced several new innovations that are contributing to enabling the country's ability to return to work, the classroom and in the athletic field. 
I'm extremely proud of all that Quest Diagnostics has accomplished through the COVID-19 pandemic. And I'd like to thank our 47,000 employees for their hard work and dedication. 
So this morning, I will discuss our performance for the quarter, our role in the COVID-19 pandemic and update you on our non-COVID base business. And then, Mark will provide more detail on the third quarter results and in our updated financial outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Our financial performance in the third quarter was very strong. For the quarter, total revenue grew by more than 42% to $2.79 billion. Earnings per share increased by more than 164% on a reported basis to $4.14 and nearly 145% on an adjusted basis to $4.31. These results reflect continued demand for COVID-19 testing and continued recovery in our base testing volumes as health care systems resume nonurgent care and elective surgeries. 
Organic base testing volumes orders declined high single-digits in July and improved in the quarter to mid- to high single-digit decline in September versus the prior year. 
Demand for COVID-19 testing came from several areas: clinical testing ordered by health care providers as the virus spread throughout much of the country, especially for non-COVID-19 pre-surgical patients and people of high-risk populations like nursing homes and prisons; in retail testing in our extended network access points, such as our drive-through sites offered across the country by CVS and Walmart; workplace testing as employers sought to return employees to their job and their offices; university testing to facilitate the return of students to campus life, including sports; and our consumer testing, direct testing offered by QuestDirect. 
We've also demonstrated innovation and agility in bringing COVID-19 testing to our nation. In the quarter, we were granted an emergency use authorization or EUA to offer unobserved self-collection. We were the first provider to receive the EUA during the pandemic for specimen pooling. And then finally, we teamed up with Walmart and DroneUp to pilot a program for contactless delivery of specialty kits using drones. 
Also in the quarter, we announced an initiative, along with our Quest Diagnostics Foundation, to address and reduce health care disparities in underserved communities, including those impacted by COVID-19. This value-based commitment builds on our existing work with federally qualified health centers, and will focus on serving people of color, elderly and underserved populations in locations throughout the United States. Quest plans to donate testing services and fund a range of initiatives, estimated to total more than $100 million. Our goal is to improve access to testing, drive awareness of value of diagnostic innovations and managing health. 
Now before updating you on our base business, what I want to do is on -- comment on a recent CMS change to Medicare payment for COVID-19 testing and our decision to return the CARES Act funding to the government. 
So in conjunction with our trade association, we've been currently reviewing how the new reimbursement policy for high throughput COVID-19 molecular testing from CMS will impact laboratory and patients we serve. Last week's announcement removes uncertainty that was an overhang on COVID-19 testing reimbursement. 
Finally, we're grateful for the CARES Act funding for last spring, which provided us the support and time in great uncertainty for our country. Now [indiscernible] to the pandemic, we no longer required this funding. And as a result, we believe returning these funds to the government now is the right thing to do. 
We're making progress on our strategy to accelerate growth in the base business. So as a reminder, the 5 elements of our strategy to accelerate our -- to grow more than 2% per year through strategically aligned accretive acquisitions; expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation; be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of diagnostic information services; and then finally, support population health with data analytics and extended care services. 
Now I'll share a few highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth. 
Our M&A pipeline remains strong. Since the second quarter, we closed our acquisition of Mid America Clinical Laboratories, or referred to as MACL, which is within Indiana, and we did a couple of 2 small tuck-in acquisitions. Our recent acquisitions have been performing well during the pandemic. For example, our Memorial Hermann and Outreach acquisition, announced earlier this year, as well as this recent MACL acquisition, have driven growth in both COVID-19 testing and our base business. We've also seen growth in advanced diagnostics from our acquisition of Blueprint Genetics. 
The second growth driver, expanding relationships with health plans and hospital health systems, is also delivering. Our hospital reference testing volumes, excluding COVID-19, have returned to growth year-over-year. Given the challenges that hospitals are facing, we expect many more to be open to discussions about how Quest could help them achieve their lab strategy. So with Professional Lab Services this year, we have logged a record amount of bookings, requisite larger and longer-term agreements than in the past. 
We also continue to make progress on our health plan strategy. Within the UnitedHealthcare preferred network, we're helping United reduce added PLN lab spending through the previous announced 0 out-of-pocket benefit. In addition, United has added enhancements that reduced the administrative burden for order physicians and patients related to those tests requiring pre-authorization. And then in August, we entered into a new strategic relationship with Anthem and 12 states. We're working with Anthem to improve quality and efficiency in delivery of laboratory services. 
And then finally, additionally, we're working with major national payers to enable their members to access COVID-19 testing through Quest's relationships with major retailers. 
We've made progress on the third element of our strategy, to accelerate growth, by offering the broadest access to innovation. In the quarter, we launched 3 new combined COVID-19 and respiratory virus tests, reducing time for physicians to diagnose and to treat patients by identifying nearly 20 viral and bacterial infections from a single swab. We also launched our automated next-generation sequencing solution that enable individuals to access use of genetic testing insights about hereditary diseases at consumer price points through Ancestry Health. 
Finally, we grew our direct-to-consumer services in the quarter. QuestDirect test offerings continued to resonate with consumers. In the quarter, we launched our COVID-19 active infection test, offering consumers a choice of using an at-home kit or getting their specimen collection done at a drive-through location. Also, we made remarkable progress in the surge of sign-ups to our MyQuest Patient Portal. Today, roughly 13 million patients have a MyQuest account to make appointments or receive their results through their smartphone or their computer. In the third quarter, on average, more than 100,000 patients per week signed up for the service. This is more than double the rate we've experienced before the pandemic. 
And now the second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We continue to pursue our goal to reduce our cost base by 3% per year. We also see more opportunities ahead to drive further productivity gains, while at the same time, enhancing our customer experience and overall service levels. 
So here's a couple of examples. We have standardized our Siemens immunoassay platform in 14 of our 18 regional laboratories. This solution drives workflow efficiencies and has enabled more than a 50% reduction in our equipment footprint. We are still in the early stage of this realized savings, but so far, we're pleased with its progress. 
And then also, our new flagship laboratory in Clifton, New Jersey is being prepared to go live in early 2021. When complete, the state-of-the-art facility, the most highly audited in our laboratory network, and will represent the final regional lab to be converted to our standard operational IT system, which we call [ QSuite ]. This will mark the culmination of a multiyear initiative to simplify, streamline and standardize our regional laboratory operations. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark to take you through the results and update you on our outlook. Mark?

Well, thanks, Mark. 
And to summarize, we had a very strong third quarter and have performed over 22 million COVID-19 molecular and serology tests to date. We've also developed and introduced a number of new innovations along the country to get back to work, get to the classroom and on the athletic fields. We've seen further signs of recovery in health care utilization, as our base testing volume continued to recover rapidly throughout the third quarter. And finally, again, I'm extremely proud of all that Quest Diagnostics has accomplished through this very difficult time. And I thank all the 42,000 (sic) [ 47,000 ] people at Quest Diagnostics for all their hard work and dedication. 
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes. Let me start with the operational piece of that, Ann. First of all, we're running about a capacity of 200,000 tests per day, even though what you heard from our guidance is we're running less than that in terms of actual results. And we've done that for 2 reasons. One is to be prepared for the fall, where we're anticipating further demand for COVID-19 testing. 
And then secondly is, when we have more capacity and we [ result less ], it helps us with turnaround time. So I'm happy to share that, right now, we're averaging less than 2 days for testing for COVID-19. 
Now what I'll also say, as I said in my early introductory remarks, we're trying to understand the exact guidelines, and I'm sure there'll be more detail from CMS in terms of recovery -- excuse me, reimbursement changes. When we're looking at turnaround times, we're looking at the day from specimen collection to results, and that's also by calendar day. And there'll be more specificity based upon this from CMS, but there'll be more clarity around that. So we're performing well. We've got big capacity versus our demand. And we're not stopping there. 
We're actually increasing our capacity as we speak. We're working out some of the last capacity we can get out of some of the new systems we put in place. And second is we're looking at applying pooling to some of our IgG platforms. So that should get us to eventually, coming out of this year, at 250,000 per day versus the 200,000 today. So we should be able to meet the demand and keep our turnaround times at the level I've already indicated. So Mark?

Yes. And we're watching it carefully. If you go back and hear what I said, we started off July at high-single digits. And then also, as I indicated, in September, it was mid to high. So slight improvement there, but we're watching it as the -- we've entered the fourth quarter and as we sit here in the fourth quarter in October.

Yes. So Ricky, we have managed our workforce carefully over the last 6 to 9 months. As you recall, in the second quarter, we've had to trim down our workforce. So we furloughed over 6,000 people. We've reduced work schedules. We've cut down the [indiscernible], our sales and marketing, our Board. And then we saw the steady recovery in our base business, coupled with the COVID testing that we've done. 
So we've restated salaries, and we brought back full work weeks. We brought back the vast majority of the furloughed employees. And actually, we've hired people. So we've hired people where we need to hire people, particularly in areas like specimen processing. You can see what the volumes are seeing, you have to have a lot of people to receive all these specimens to sort it out before they go into a lab. 
But I'll tell you, we're still being very, very careful before we add another person. We're being very careful in overhead, and Mark can go through exactly what's in our in our expenses. But we've been very limited in hiring in our expense categories. And we'll continue to be very prudent with our hiring for our overhead within our laboratory operations and our operations in general. And the reason for that is we want to make sure we don't get ahead of ourselves. We feel we had good leverage in the third quarter, as you see. And we believe we have a workforce in place to manage the demand we're getting right now. And we're constantly looking at what we think the future demand will be, but we want to make sure we don't get ahead of ourselves. 
So we indicated what we think the fourth quarter is going to be. We are building capacity to get more COVID-19 testing done. We got plenty of capacity available for serology without adding a lot of staff, with the exception of some of the volume-based jobs, as I mentioned. And so as we get into deeper into the fourth quarter and the beginning of next year, we'll then assess if we need to add some people. But so far, we got some modest hiring. We're back to full workforce. And were watching it frankly daily. And we want to make sure we don't add people before we do.

Interesting enough is the last point, since we do have this natural hedge on this, is despite where we are with the economy, we still have attrition with some of our jobs. So we're -- we felt like we're still trying to keep up. There are other options for people, particularly with some of our nonexempt employment jobs. And therefore, if things turn down, we could cheerfully turn off our spigot as well.

Yes. So let me start with where we saw some uncertainty, and therefore, the words we used, overhang. First of all, for this year, we had some uncertainty, as you know, in the third quarter about the emergency order that's in place, and that was extended to October. We were hopeful that the rate would continue at $100. And it's our expectation, given that the new rate changes with the incentives that we've outlined, [ a base ] on January, therefore, we're certain $100 for reimbursement for the remainder of this year. Up until we've heard this, there was some uncertainty about 2020. 
And then secondly, in 2021, remember, the original rate was at $51, and it went up to $100. And so therefore, the new reimbursement that's being spoke of, again, is if you get the turnaround time for 2 days, you're at $100. If you don't, it's $75. So that will remove some of that uncertainty as it's going, reverting back to what it was before, we got the bump, from $51 to $100. 
So Mark, do you want to take it on the commercial side?

Yes. Just some color around -- we've got variation around geography and around clinical franchises. So by a way of example, New York City is still not recovered, and we have a fair business in New York. So as we look at the percentage overall, those affected by New York not recovering, there's other products of the country that aren't fully recovered. So we're watching that carefully. And we're watching it by city if things change by city or state. You can understand the consequence of that. 
And then separately, we've got some clinical franchises that are past pre-pandemic levels. But we still have some drivers. We have our prescription drug monitoring business, which is still below pre-pandemic levels. So if you look at it from a couple of different dimensions, you can understand why we're below pre-pandemic. And then what it takes to get to -- get back to where we were going into 2020 and potentially get above it, it will require some of these areas to get back to normal levels that we saw in the winter months before we hit the pandemic in March.

Yes. So thanks. I'll take the first part is around point-of-care solutions. And as you know, there's 2 point-of-care solutions. One is the point-of-care diagnostics solutions that were out there for some time, provided by IVD manufacturers. And for all intents and purposes, they were there for a number of months. And they provided a role. But that most recently, I believe you're referring to what's happening with antigen testing. We do believe there will be a role for antigen testing, particularly for monitoring and surveillance of a population. But we do understand, for a lot of reasons, why PCR and the return to the lab model is going to continue to be the gold standard. And one of the reasons for that, depending upon the quality of the antigen testing that might be applied, there are requirements around reflex testing to PCR for both positives and negatives. And in that also, we believe that physicians do prefer PCR testing. And when we're offering these flu respiratory panel in COVID tests, that will be a PCR. And we think with the flu season coming out, that we're going to get some demand for it as well. 
So we believe that the antigen testing will be a necessary part of our portfolio. And we do expect to be bringing out a solution for antigen testing as part of our services we offer. But it will be complementary to the PCR testing that we're currently doing. And so hopefully, that provides some clarity of what we think the role will be. 
And then finally, on the consumer piece, we do believe that there is increased interest in our direct-to-consumer offerings just for the basic testing. As you all know, a number of patients have not gone to their doctors as they should. We do believe there's an opportunity for them to have their lipid panel check for their cholesterol, make sure the cells working properly, a competent glucose A1c, sexually transmitted diseases. 
As we've mentioned, we brought up serology testing direct to consumer. Then most recently, COVID-19 testing. We believe there is interest in a very convenient approach to getting testing. And we couple this with a telehealth physician consult as part of our service. And we do believe, going forward, there's going to be increased demand for full telehealth in terms of its role in our business overall. 
And then secondly is testing and getting that either indirectly through QuestDirect or getting that through a telehealth provider as well. And we're very, very well positioned in that regard with our relationships with telehealth companies, but also with QuestDirect. Before the pandemic, we kicked this program off, and so we have a nice platform that's been building up volume, and we feel that there's going to be more opportunities in front of us as does demand given the circumstances that we continue to and have a lot of interest for consumers.

Yes. Well, we're encouraged. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our hospital business is actually growing again versus last year, and that's encouraging. And that's without COVID-19, so that's an encouraging trend. We see hospitals back in business. And we're seeing the testing that you would expect in those hospitals. And we're doing well on that marketplace. And this is where what we traditionally hold our reference testing business. 
And in addition to this, over the years, we have built up a Professional Lab Services business. This isn't just a new program. We've been working on it for over 5 or 6 years. And we've built up a nice portfolio of principal accounts, and that's serving us well. And so we are planning a number of long-term multiyear contracts this year that will provide growth for us in '21 for certain. 
And we see continued growing interest from integrated delivery systems on how we can help them with their lab strategy. As you know, many of these hospital systems are having a difficult time through the pandemic. And now speaking with many of the CEOs, I actually had a conversation on Tuesday with one, they are looking at a variety of options to get more efficient, get more effective. 
And one of the areas that we've talked about for years, and I think it's going to keep building momentum, is walking in and having a conversation around their lab strategy, which includes the reference testing, the sophisticated testing send out, how we can help safely monitor their acute care laboratory. 
And then, now it begs the question of what they do with their outreach business. And in some cases, they sell that to us. And that's what we did with Memorial Hermann this year, with MACL. And we'll see more and more prospects. 
So it continues to receive strong interest. And this year was really a banner year for bookings, and we'll see that kind of grow into '21. So Mark, if you like to add to that?

Yes. So we continue to work on our relationship with UnitedHealthcare. As we said in '19, we've made some really good progress of picking up share related to the PLN. We had a lot of things to do in the fall of 2019 with -- related to employers. There are a lot of pocket, and there's preauthorization work. And then we really felt good about January and February. We actually did see a nice progression of our volumes, and then we hit the pandemic in March. So we continue to work those programs. As a matter of fact, this week, I'll be spending time with United on this. So we continue to work on everything we can do to move more of their lab purchases to the PLN, and obviously, specifically to us. And there will be other programs that we're working with them by geography, by state to be able to make sure that employers and patients and integrated delivery systems understand the value of what we deliver. 
And remember, if you go back to where we started, now we believe that by the improvement in access with United and Horizon and Anthem in Georgia, this is the time of our last Investor Day, it afforded us about a $4 billion opportunity in the market. And we believe that we should be able to get about 25% of that. We received some of that in 2019, and we believe there's more opportunity in front of us. 
So what I'm going to share with you is we continue that work in 2020, and we do expect it will continue to help us pick up some share in '21 to accelerate our growth.

Yes. So Matt, we're watching it carefully. We believe that when somebody presents themselves with symptoms, they want to rule out COVID. And we believe that PCR testing will be the option. As we've mentioned, we brought out a new solution which we feel really good about. With the single swab, you can test for influenza. You can also test for other viral and bacterial issues. And that is going to be very convenient for physicians just to quickly diagnose and then treat the patients effectively. 
Now what you bring up, we're watching it carefully, with all of us being socially distanced and all of us doing a better job of hygiene and [ school ] is not being currently back until session, it might actually lower the infection rate this year, but we're not certain of that, and so we're watching that. 
So Mark, do you want to talk about reimbursement for some of the ...

Yes. We're doing -- our share of serology, running around 10,000 per day. We've got plenty of capacity in front of us. We believe it's going to play an increasingly important role as we get into 2021, as the vaccine becomes available. We're actively engaged with those pharmaceutical companies that are doing the trials for the vaccine, and trying to understand where we might play the role, the go-forward role, either with a vaccine or post vaccine, and serology has a role there. 
We're also doing some serology population health testing. We've done some work for states, and we're doing work for the CDC. And we believe that, that work will continue to get -- to have a good handle on what's happening with progression of the disease and have an early warning signal if they're moving in the wrong direction. So more to come. 
We're working through that. We do believe it's going to be a growing and bigger opportunity in '21. And more visibility of that as we understand what the vaccine is, understand the progression of where we are with the pandemic. And then also, we will be bringing new solutions out to the marketplace that will provide more and more utility around serology. And more to come on that, but we're working on the science. And we believe it's going to be more we can do to contribute towards the pandemic as we go in time, particularly as we see how the COVID pandemic progresses.

Yes. Sure. So remember, we talked about 200,000 tests per day for capacity, and preferably, that resulted in the third quarter about 100,000 per day. Roughly 20% to 25% of that volume is done on what we call our LDTs. That's where we've been leveraging the pooling capability. It's particularly useful. It has good improvements in productivity and efficiency where you have low prevalent populations, because when you do the pooling, when one well lights up, you have to test for that well, and you get to 14% to 15% positivity rates and -- in locations, and that doesn't work out anymore. So we're applying it in the right way. It's primarily around our LDT portion of our capacity. And what I mentioned in earlier comment was we're looking at applying that to our IVD platforms as well, and that will be helpful in moving our capacity from 200,000 up to 250,000.

Mark, do you want to start with '21 comments? The economy?

Yes. Just to add to that. Remember, with the economy, and we saw this back in the Great Recession, and whatever happens in the kind of it will affect access. And so access is important to us in the insured [indiscernible]. And the second is consumer confidence. And now a large portion of the population paid their own pocket. And therefore, they're going to think twice of utilizing it. So we are thinking about it as I think about models in '21. 
Now with that said, if you look at where we are with our base business versus where it was, and you think about the mass in the full year, it should be an easy comparison, as Mark said in his comment about '21. Even if it's down versus '19, just to look at the comparison of what the full year will be for '20 versus '21 given where we are right now, that makes for an easy comparison. 
And as far as PCR, remember, we brought up our first PCR test on March 9, and we've been ramping rapidly. So we not had a full year of PCR. We're hitting our stride. We're building capacity because we do anticipate more demand. Winter is coming, and we're all anticipating more demand as we enter the winter, clearly, in the first quarter. And then we'll start to see hopefully some of the vaccines. As we all know, those won't be broadly deployed immediately. And the pandemic and the virus will be with us for a large portion of '21. And so if you think about the full year of '21 for COVID '19 versus what we did in 2020, there's still going to be a lot of eye in for testing. And you have the full 12 months, which versus essentially a half year for PCR in 2020. So it's something to think about as you do your models.

Yes. Well, it's 5 states and really big 4 states. California shut down first. And we saw a steady rebound though certainly not back to pre-pandemic levels, particularly in some of the large cities like L.A. If you go into Texas, we actually saw a good rebound in Texas. We have a great presence in Texas, both in Houston and Dallas. And despite some of the flare-ups we saw in the summer, they still continued to be in the range of where were pre-pandemic. If you look at Florida, went down in the spring into the summer. There's still issues in Florida. We're still not where they were pre-pandemic. And then if you go to the Northeast, New York and then go into Boston and Connecticut, actually, we've seen some nice steady recovery, with the exception of, as we've indicated earlier, New York City, but specific to the borough of Manhattan. We still have a ways to go to recover there. 
So we're watching those, particularly related to detection rates. But what we have said is there are going to be flare-ups. Interesting enough, like in the state of Texas and Florida in the summer months, you did not have a negative of a consequence to our base business as we saw back in the spring. And so we're watching it carefully. But so far, we're getting there. And then again, you can't onboard that clinical franchise element on this because some portion of the volume effects aren't related to these specific businesses like prescription drug monitoring. There's other issues related to what it takes to get those back to pre-pandemic levels that are not related to the geography at all.