Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone for joining us today. Well, this morning, I'll discuss the third quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy, and then Mark will provide more detail on the results and take you through updates to our 2019 guidance. We had a solid quarter of top and bottom line growth while PAMA reimbursement pressures persist throughout the industry. Our expanded network access and laser-focus on driving operational excellence are enabling growth. Based on our progress to date, we have updated our outlook and are well positioned to meet our commitments for the year. For the third quarter, we grew revenues 3.5%, despite continued reimbursement pressure. Reported EPS was $1.56, up nearly 3% from the same period in 2018. Adjusted EPS was $1.76, up nearly 5%. Then volume growth remained very strong at 5.1%, and year-to-date volume growth is up 4.3%. 
Now I'd like to briefly update you on the 3 fundamental changes in the laboratory marketplace that we discussed at last year's Investors Day. And as you know, the -- our PAMA, our expanded network access and increased consumerization of health care. 
First on PAMA. The reimbursement pressure remains a catalyst for structural change in the marketplace. And there is mounting evidence that PAMA is hurting this industry. We see and hear the negative impact that PAMA is having whenever we evaluate potential lab acquisition targets. InCap today, a respected industry journal, it recently highlighted how PAMA and other reimbursement pressures are already starting to drive consolidation in the industry. As you know, here at Quest, we took a series of actions earlier this year to further reduce our costs to align with the PAMA cuts. Some decisions that we made were difficult and our employees have felt the changes. More PAMA reimbursement cuts are coming in 2020. Our industry continues to fight PAMA's law and implementation in the courts and in Congress. We recently received a favorable U.S. Court of Appeals decision to allow the lower court to review the merits of ACLA's case. ACLA submitted its initial brief last week and a decision is expected in 2020. This is encouraging news, and so is the introduction of the Laboratory Access for Beneficiaries Act or LAB Act, introduced in June by 6 members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and now with nearly 40 cosponsors. 
ACLA is also working to build support for [indiscernible] to include the LAB Act in the larger, end of year health care extender bill. 
The second fundamental change affecting our industry is our expanded network access and payers becoming more focused than ever on driving better value in their last spend. 
We are partnering with UnitedHealthcare to move testing volumes to high-value labs like Quest from high-costs hospital and out-of-network labs. UnitedHealthcare began offering a product with $0 member out-of-pocket charges for laboratory testing for the majority of fully insured lives in select states on October 1. UnitedHealthcare will also make the lab savings programs available for their self-insured employer groups beginning in 2020. 
And then finally, we continue to see the ongoing consumerization of health care with more and more health care costs borne by consumers. In September, the Kaiser Family Foundation reported that the annual premiums from employer-sponsored health care coverage grew 5% for families, surpassing $20,000 for the first time. The number of employees with high-deductible health plans has increased over the past decade. 
Turning to our recent progress. The first part of our 2-point strategy is to accelerate growth, which has 5 elements. To grow 2% per year through accretive strategically aligned acquisitions, expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems, offer the broadest access to diagnostic innovation, be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of Diagnostic Information Services and then finally, support population health with data analytics and extended care services. 
Now let me take you through a few highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth in the quarter. Our acquisition pipeline remains strong. As we said before, most deals in the pipeline are taking more time to develop than we have in the past. Conversations with hospital systems are getting broader. Hospital CEOs are also interested in how we can help them with their Professional Lab Services and taking on more of their reference work. As a result of this complexity, proposed relationships take longer to develop. 
Hospital systems are also interested in learning more about our recently unveiled Quest Lab stewardship, an innovative new service that employs machine learning to help optimize laboratory test utilization. We have partnered with hc1, a health care IT company to provide a solution that gives Quest a differentiated offering in a competitive hospital marketplace. We continue to see revenue and volume growth as a result of our expanding network access. In aggregate, growth continues across our top 50 major health [ line ] customers. Key test growth drivers in the quarter include drug monitoring, continued strength in tuberculosis testing in both QuantiFERON and T-SPOT, STD testing and Cardio IQ. Each of these test categories posted solid contributions to the revenue growth in the quarter. 
The second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We remain on track to deliver 3% cost efficiencies for 2019 by continuing to drive increases in productivity. We have some examples, which include using digital technology to enhance the customer experience. We now have more than 8.2 million patients now making appointments and receive their results through our MyQuest digital platform. We continue to drive productivity improvements across logistics, patient services, lab services, enabling us to reduce our overall cost per laboratory requisition. And we're also putting new innovations to work while reducing costs. We're in the process of consolidating and simplifying our immunoassay platforms, moving to a single supplier. This approach enables greater throughput, a more efficient footprint and is expected to save us tens of millions of dollars per year. Now let me turn it over to Mark, who'll take you through our financial performance. Mark?

Well, to summarize, we had a solid quarter of top and bottom line growth. While PAMA reimbursement pressure persist throughout the industry, our expanded network access and laser-focus on driving operational excellence are enabling growth. So based on our progress to date, we have updated our outlook and are well positioned to meet our commitments for the rest of the year. Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Mark, you want to?

Ralph, it's going to be $40 million to $50 million.

Yes. Sure, absolutely. So Bill, we've been working on this for about 7 years. Getting smarter and more strategic with all our suppliers. And so we've done a lot of consolidation in the past and will continue to do more in the future. So as far as immunoassays, we're close to deciding on the supplier. I believe that will be announced shortly who that is, of course, it's a nice opportunity. And this is all part of our 3% productivity gain that we are dialing in to be able to offset PAMA. We need it to be able to offset PAMA and deliver on the earnings outlook that we've provided at the Investor Day. And so part of that 3% is working with our suppliers and part of that working with suppliers, an example of that is immunoassay but there's others. Another example would be the automation we're putting in place in some of our newer facilities. Particularly, we're investing this year in our branding facility here in New Jersey -- in Clifton, New Jersey, it's a big project for us. That will have this new platform but equally, it'll have our latest approach to automation, which will increase our productivity. But also allow us to consolidate some facilities into one, so we get some productivity gains from that. But that's all part of that 3% when we need that 3% to offset the price pressure particularly with PAMA next year and maybe the year after.

Yes. Sure, sure. So when we go to a hospital client -- and it's part of our 5-point strategy, we talk to them about 3 things in regards to their lab strategy. One is, can we make them more efficient in running their inpatient laboratory? And so this is where we talk about Professional Laboratory Services, or sometimes we use the acronym PLS. And we continue to have active dialogues about making them more efficient. And we can, with good evidence now, save them about 10% to 20%.
Part of that, typically also is looking at the sophisticated send out of testing referred to as reference testing. And in that regard, we can consolidate who they're buying from, we can potentially give them a better price. But the third part that we're looking at in this new offering allows us a tool to do a better job of getting smarter about what they're testing in the hospital, is interrogate their order patterns and look for variation of their order patterns, and look at ways of optimizing what the order within the hospital. 
And there's 2 parts of that, one is to get more efficient at what you're ordering so maybe don't order as much and in some cases, you should also order more because it's the smarter diagnostic workup for that inpatient study. But the second part of this, which is more -- even more intriguing, what many hospital administrators are interested in, is making sure that we have the right diagnosis. And if you look at the total quality and outcomes for a hospital stay, there's nothing more expensive than a bad diagnosis. So what this tool allows us to do is to work with our clients and getting smarter on their inpatient diagnostics. And as part of that, we clearly become more strategic than this vendor-provided reference testing within that account. And then finally, the third piece of what we work with hospital systems, and when we have those discussions is you want to stay in the outreach business. And we have bought some outreach businesses from hospitals, we have some in our numbers for this year, and we'll continue to aggressively pursue buying outreach businesses as these -- as this industry consolidates. And I would tell you that many hospital systems are now well aware of PAMA and well aware of other reimbursement pressures that happen on their -- in their laboratory outreach business. So as we mentioned in our commentary, that funnel of discussions continues to grow.

Yes. Sure, sure. So we'll share with you. We always share this every quarter. It feels like the market is stable. We don't see any notable changes in terms of volume increases within the marketplace both outside the hospital also inside the hospital, so it's stable. So you look at our volume growth, we're clearly gaining share. And a lot of -- and a large portion of that share gains is coming from our Managed Care relationships. And what we have also said is that our access changes, which is the best in over a decade, will continue to grow. It'll continue to grow this year in '19, but it'll also have a growth in '20 and probably in 2021 as we take advantage of that opportunity that we see in front of us. That will be helped in 2020 for certain with -- for a lab network, particularly with UnitedHealthcare. So you should look for, in 2020, continued growth again because of our expanded network access. So Mark, anything you'd like to add to that?

They have not shared specific information. Obviously, that's their question and could ask them because we're not the only preferred lab. So we obviously get the same information that other preferred lab network providers do. They talk to us about -- as we've shared the states where they're rolling this out and making this available. And then they've talked to us about the fact that they're marketing it to the fully insurance sponsored plans for 2020 rolling that out. Still very early in that process, and they didn't give us any specific proportionality or percentage of their overall insured lives that are adapting this. But they -- I'm sure you've heard them talk about it. We've heard them talk publicly, and then the conversation we had -- they're very, very confident that this is going to be something that people will embrace and that it's going to make a difference.

Yes. Sure. So on the first one, as I mentioned in our opening remarks, these deals are getting bigger and more complicated. And because it's more complex, it takes more time. And there is good news in that and there's bad news in that. One is it takes more time, that's the bad news, the good news it is bigger and more complicated hence, therefore, we clearly have a discussion around how we could be their partner for laboratory services, around the 3 topics that I mentioned earlier. And what I did also share is that the interest level around what we could do, and partnering continues to grow because more people are well aware of the pressure on this portion of their business. 
I would say that was not nearly where we were last year at this time. So if you look at our growth rate from acquisition year-to-date, we're just a little shy of that 2% we indicated last year. We're well north of that 2%. We still feel confident that over an extended period of time, we'll continue to be 2% or greater. And so we feel confident between the 3 buckets that we acquire. One is hospital outreach, continue to have a lot of engagement around that. Second is regional laboratories. As I mentioned in my remarks, it continues to be interested in evaluating options for smaller operators because of the pressures that they see. And then finally, we continue to build capabilities, and we had a number of acquisitions in the past around that. A good example is ImmunoTek, which is bringing new capabilities around tuberculosis testing and also fit for an illness testing. So all 3 continue to be our focus going forward, and you will see that. And we're still confident around our guidance we provided around 2% on a CAGR basis over a multiyear period of time.

Yes. So let me first touch, Jack, on the longer term, so I'm not going to talk to 2020. But what I did talked about at the Investor Day was on a 4-year outlook that we could grow earnings faster than the top line. And talked about the assumption, although that may not play out depending on how we deploy our cash, but that's on flat share count. So therefore, we're actually growing earnings, not earnings per share. So that implies margin expansion but I can tell you that we're expecting some sort of a tax windfall so that's before tax margin growth. I can't assure you that will happen every quarter. I can't assure you that -- I mean, I'm not going to get into 2020, that it'll happen every year but over multiple years, we expect to grow our earnings faster than our top line. And it's really having the efficiency program continue. We talked about it being 3% percent per year. We've gotten really good at that. We need that. We'll continue to do that with over time tempering pricing headwinds. In this quarter, we shared the pricing headwinds of 250 basis points. Obviously, that all drops to the bottom line for a very small piece toward the bad debt element but basically it drops to the bottom line. So we had enough efficiency and some lift from volume. How much of that is the extra day? How much of that is just the volume growth? Obviously, we have a higher drop through in the shared -- on organic volume growth enough. And that still offset the pricing headwinds and basically held our margin pretty flat in the quarter. So I mean, if getting any more precise than that, I'd be stretching my credibility and ability to give that map. So I would just say that you can see that, despite some pretty significant pricing headwinds, we've held our margins in this quarter and that -- as we continue to drive strong organic volume growth and deliver our 3% over a period of time, we're going to grow our earnings faster.

Yes. So we raised our guidance for the year. So importantly, we're signaling stronger finish of the year than we did at the beginning of the year. And until now we've not signaled anything above our original guidance. So hopefully, people are taking that as a positive message, which we're saying based on our performance through three quarters of the year and what visibility we have for Q4, we're feeling confident that we're going to over-deliver relative to what we said at the beginning of the year. So in terms of spending, there's nothing out of the ordinary in Q4. The only thing out of the ordinary is an easy compare on the top line, which we've talked about.

Let me start on this, and for some reason, there's always a lot of focus around G&A. Think of it, a lot of our invigorate savings show up in the expense categories. To the contrary, most of our invigorate savings actually sort of show up in our cost of sales. So if you think about what's in our expense category, a lot of it is G&A. And we've made really good progress over the last seven years. So getting more efficient with everything that's in that category in the P&L from IT costs to costs of running our finance organization, costs associated with our billing operations, with a relationship with Optum. And outside of general administration, there's our sales and marketing costs, which we're always evaluating and getting more efficient. So we have taken a lot of costs out already, and we're also leveraging that fixed cost going forward. So the lift we generally get now have to do with that operational leverage related to the top line growth while maintaining the same cost per second and that's what you see this year. So a lot of that 3% productivity gain will show up in productivity gains in our cost of sales and not in expenses. Mark, anything you'd like to add to that?

Yes. Okay, so let me take the first part and Mark will take the second part. On the first part, so this is a comprehensive review that we perpetually look at with our suppliers on how we run our laboratories. And we worked -- we work actively with all our suppliers. As a matter of fact, over the best 7 years we've worked hard to make sure that we really have more of a strategic relationship with all our suppliers, particularly those that are driving a large portion of our spend. 
So in that regard, in the IBD automation space, there is consolidation with a number of those platforms, as Mark mentioned. And there are a number of suppliers that we buy from that are bringing to the marketplace platforms that will allow us to replace up to about 5 different work cells from different manufacturers over time. And so what we have done is evaluate those vendors that have a product either in the marketplace or will have a product in the marketplace. And we do that through a review process with their sales force, our understanding what they'll have and what they'll have for functionality at what time and then also what the economics around their offerings are. We narrowed it down to a few. We actually put in place a few of those platforms in some of our facilities to do some trial runs. 
And then we're at the final stroke of selecting more of those suppliers going forward. And we believe that we will choose a vendor that meets all the requirements of what we need. And yes, a portion of this is economics. That is how costs -- how much productivity we're going to get by getting more throughput by being able to consolidate those operations. But also we think about it holistically, we need to make sure that we have good confidence around their ability to service us, good confidence around their quality, good confidence around what's in their installed base. So it's a very comprehensive operational review of who will be our strategic provider for this new platform going forward. And as I said, we're at the final strokes of deciding that, and shortly, it will be announced.

Yes. So we're continue to move forward with our retail strategy as we call it. We have about 2,100 patient service centers and -- of which we characterize from -- about 35% to 40% of those are more retail-like, some of which are within Safeway stores and Walmart. The Safeway relationship continues to be a good one. We actually have some new opportunities for Safeway going forward as we kind of work that relationship, so we're optimistic there. And then second is, we continue to build our presence with Walmart as well and as you mentioned, they opened up a new health concept store and we are their laboratory provider for that store. So they're still working through -- how that works. 
And as you know, if you know anything about Walmart, they probably like a lot of things, and they've seen how well that goes to be able to tune up anything. And we're working with them. We've been proactive on that concept going forward. And as -- what we said is our goal is to be north of 50% of our patient service centers. So we have some ways to go. And those -- a number of things for us. One is, we think it's a better customer experience, consistent with our strategy to be the most consumer-friendly laboratory. And we think this will continue to be a differentiator for us in the marketplace. 
Second is, it's better for our employees in a lot of ways. And it also allows us to manage the demand and when people are there if we could have larger patient service centers with more to provide. It just gives you a lot more operational flexibility to manage the demand based upon location and time of day that patients are coming in over extended period of time. And then finally, as the patients really -- the feedback is quite good. They come in, they have flexibility to walk the store while they wait. They have flexibility to do some shopping after their visit. 
Then we believe that improvement in access and the quality of that access will allow us to differentiate ourselves from the marketplace and pick up share gradually over time. So it's going well. We're pleased with it. And then lastly, I'll just say, yes, we have the relationship with Safeway. And yes, we have a relationship with Walmart. But we continue to work with others in the marketplace. Like we continue to work with CVS, Aetna, their MinuteClinic, and what they're doing around their strategy is they're -- as a partner of ours.

Mark, you want to take that?

Yes. And just to what Mark just said, obviously, the savings here is 0 coinsurance and copayments, but the biggest driver is, you're moving to a laboratory that has a significantly lower reimbursement rate than if they're working with a nonpreferred lab network. So the savings to the consumer is very considerable but the biggest portion of that has to do with the rate differential, not necessarily with the patient responses they might have or not have with us. So a big opportunity, and we're hopeful. As we mentioned, it's just getting started this month. It's early, but we're hopeful, this change coupled with the changes that we spoke to that'll take place in 2020, will continue to allow us to grow our presence and our share with United but also with other payers because we do believe it's a trend overall in the marketplace.

Okay. Well, we thank everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your support. Have a great day and talk to you soon.