Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well, we had a strong third quarter as COVID-19 molecular volumes increased throughout the summer, while our base business continued to deliver solid value growth versus the prior year and 2019.  
In late summer, we experienced some softness in the base business across the country, but soft in rebound in September. Importantly, our base business continued to improve sequentially in the third quarter, which speaks to the ongoing recovery. We have raised our outlook for the remainder of the year based on higher-than-anticipated COVID-19 volumes as well as continued progress we expect to see in our base business, despite rising labor cost and inflationary pressures. The momentum of our base business positions us to deliver the 2022 outlook we shared at our March Investor Day. 
So this morning, I'll discuss our performance for the third quarter of 2021 and update you on our base business, and then Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and talk about our updated outlook and underlying assumptions.
But before turning to our results in the third quarter, I'd like to update you on the progress we've made in our Quest for Health Equity initiative, a more than $100 million initiative aimed at reducing health care disparities in underserved neighborhoods. Since we've established it just over a year ago, we have launched 18 programs across the United States and Puerto Rico, ranging from supporting COVID-19 testing of vaccination events, to educating young students on healthy nutritional choices, to providing funding support for our long-haul COVID-19 clinic in Puerto Rico. 
Recently, we announced a collaboration with the American Heart Association that will expand research and mentorship opportunities for Black and Hispanic scholars to drive hypertension management and COVID-19 relief. We're off to a good start, and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress as Quest for Health Equity enters its second year.
Now turning to our results for the third quarter. Total revenue of $2.77 billion, down 40 basis points versus the prior year. Earnings per share were $4.02 on a reported basis, down approximately 3% versus the prior year and $3.96 on an adjusted basis, down 8% versus the prior year. The revenue and earnings declines in the third quarter reflect lower COVID-19 testing in 2021 versus the prior year, partially offset by continued recovery in our base business. Cash provided by operations increased by nearly 20% year-to-date through September to approximately $1.75 billion.
Now starting with COVID-19 testing. Our COVID-19 molecular volumes increased in the third quarter versus the second quarter due to the spread of the Delta variant over the course of the summer. Testing began to increase meaningfully in mid-July and peaked in early mid-September. Our observed positivity rate peaked in mid-August and has steadily been declining across much of the country in recent weeks. We performed an average of 83,000 COVID-19 molecular tests a day in the third quarter and maintained strong average turnaround times of approximately 1 day for most specimens throughout the surge. 
As clinical COVID-19 volumes declined, we are expanding our nonclinical COVID-19 testing to support the return to school, office, travel and entertainment. We're making testing easy, fast and affordable for school systems and other group settings across the country. We are currently performing K-12 school testing in approximately 20 states with 5 additional states ready to come online. We're testing passengers on Carnival Cruise Line and Quest exclusively provided testing at the Boston Marathon earlier this month. In the base business, we continue to make progress on our 2-point strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. 
Now here are some highlights from the third quarter. Our M&A pipeline remains strong. In the third quarter, we completed a small tuck-in acquisition of an independent lab in Florida. We continue to build on an exceptional health plan access of approximately 90% of all commercially-insured lives in the United States. At our Investor Day, we discussed how we have fundamentally changed our relationship with health plans, and we continue to see the promise of value-based relationships come to life. 
So here's a couple of examples. We are working with national health plans to help their self-insured employers, employer customers improve quality outcomes and lower the cost of care for both the employers and their employees. Also, effective October 1, we gained access to 1 million Advantage Medicaid members in Florida as their coverage transitions to Centene's Sunshine Health Plan. We're getting good feedback from the provider community and our growing testing volumes through this expanded access opportunity.
Our hospital health system revenue continues to track well above 2019 levels, driven largely by the strength of our professional laboratory services contracts. As we highlighted previously, 2021 performance is benefiting from 2 of our largest PLS contracts to date, Hackensack Meridian Health and Memorial Hermann. Altogether, our PLS business is expected to exceed $500 million in annual revenue this year. 
Trends in our hospital reference business also remained steady, with third quarter base testing volumes above 2019 levels. We also generated record consumer-initiated testing revenue through QuestDirect in the third quarter. While COVID testing has been strong contributor to growth, we expect our base direct-to-consumer testing revenue to more than double this year.
Recently, we soft launched a comprehensive health profile on QuestDirect, similar to our Blueprint for Wellness offering for employers. This expanded health plan and P&L offers a deep dive into consumers' health profile, with a battery of tests and biometric measurements to provide a personalized health quotient score that can be used to track health progress over time. And then finally, our MyQuest app and patient portal now has almost 20 million users.
In Advanced Diagnostics, we continue to ramp investments and see strong momentum in key growth drivers. We're seeing strong growth in noninvasive prenatal testing, significantly above 2019 levels and saw solid contribution in our specialty genetics portfolio from Blueprint Genetics. We continue to work closely with the CDC to sequence positive COVID specimens in an ongoing effort to track emerging variants, expanding of the work that we performed in the quarter.  
And then finally, we plan to introduce a test service based on a new FDA-approved companion diagnostic for Agilent for a therapy from Eli Lilly for a certain type of high-risk early breast cancer. Quest will be the first laboratory to offer it to physicians nationally at the end of the month.
Turning to our second strategy, driving operational excellence. We made progress to remain on track to deliver our targeted 3% annual efficiencies across the business. Last week, we announced that we completed the integration and consolidation of our Northeast regional operations into our new 250,000 square foot next-generation lab in Clifton, New Jersey. This state-of-the-art, highly automated facility services more than 40 million people across 7 states. 
In Patient Services, we are seeing all-time high numbers of patients making appointments to visit our Patient Service Centers. Now more than 50% of Patient Service Center visits are now by appointment versus walk-ins. And this enables patients to be very satisfied and also improves our ability to drive productivity for our phlebotomists.
Similar to our immunoassay platform consolidation, we recently procured a highly automated euro analysis platform that is expected to generate millions in annual savings once these new systems are standardized across our laboratory network.
And then finally, I'd like to recognize and thank all of our nearly 50,000 employees who have worked tirelessly to provide critical COVID-19 testing to our country throughout the pandemic and continue to serve the health care needs of patients who depend on Quest every day. As a demonstration of our gratitude, we're assisting our employees with a onetime payment of up to $500 designed to reimburse costs that they incurred during the pandemic. 
Additionally, another year of pandemic pressures and travel restrictions have made it very difficult for many employees to take their hard-earned time off. Therefore, we are providing a payout of most unused paid time off for our hourly employees to ensure they don't forfeit their earned unused time at year-end. 
Now I would like to turn it over to Mark to provide more details on the third quarter financial performance and updated outlook for the remainder of 2021. Mark?

Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we had a strong third quarter. We have raised our outlook for the remainder of the year based on higher-than-anticipated COVID-19 volumes as well as our continued progress we expect to see in our base business. And finally, the momentum of our base business positions us to deliver the 2022 outlook we shared at our March Investor Day. 
So now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Mark, why don't you start, and then I'll follow.

So thanks, Brian, for the question. So as you know and what I reiterated in our prepared remarks, we've been marching with our 2-point strategy for some time. And -- the second strategy is to drive operational excellence, and we have maintained and just reiterated that we do believe we can continue to deliver 3% efficiency or productivity gains going forward. 
And that 3% comes from a variety of programs across Quest Diagnostics, and one of which is what we did in Clifton and also reiterated a couple of other programs on the prepared remarks, are working with our suppliers with new integrated platforms, what we've done around immunoassay, what we're doing around our [indiscernible] analysis is -- are 2 good examples of more work we can get the benefits from and there's others. So there's a lot more efficiencies and productivity we can continue to get. And as I said before, this is not cost-cutting. This is improvement. And so every time we make an improvement in our operation, we expect our quality improves and our service performance improves, and it has. So we continue to make progress. You see it in our numbers this year, and you'll continue to see it in our '22 numbers as well, and that's always been used to offset headwinds. 
And we do have headwinds. We've had headwinds from wage build increases in the past albeit maybe it could be a little bit higher going forward given what we see in the labor market. And then second is we have seen headwinds from price consequences as well, which we've been able to offset. And we'll have some of those in '22 as we've outlined before. And then also any additional inflationary pressures, we will be able to offset most of that, if not all of that, to be able to hit the outlook. And we just reiterated our confidence and our ability to do that. So hopefully, that's helpful.

Mark?

Sure. So as I said in my introductory remarks, we have a product that we sell for years to employers called Blueprint for Wellness. And we offer it to our Quest employees as well. So it's fabulous, a fabulous dipstick reading on an annual basis for people to get an indication of what's going on with their health. 
And if you do it year upon year, you've got a good, nice trending capability that I found beneficial since I've been here at Quest, and I know many of our employees have as well and many of our customers have. So we're now using that as the product to introduce that through our direct-to-consumer channel, the QuestDirect. We're very optimistic about the possibility that this has. We believe that it has a unique capability that few others provide. And we also believe it's hitting the market at the right time, where many people have not gone to their primary health care providers. 
And we believe that there's a lot of opportunities now for people to directly engage with us as a consumer to buy this directly from us. As far as pricing, Mark can you share what we're thinking about in terms of pricing even though this is a soft launch?

And just a follow-up on the price. We actually did some market research to understand the value that this provides to consumers justifies the price that we're pricing it for initially. So we feel good about value delivered and price charged.

Yes. Let me start, and Mark, please add. We've been on this march, as I said in my remarks, to continue to demonstrate to our health plan partners that we continue to deliver value. And I believe we're making tremendous progress. 
One is that we're picking up access in the number of lives. I mentioned 90% of interim lives are, we're a network with within the United States, and we're happy about the progress of picking some more up this coming year. So that's moving along.
Second, as far as pricing is concerned, we continue to march through our contracts as they are up from renewal. And we have said in earlier calls that we're now very fairly priced. As a matter of fact, we believe we offer a very affordable price offering to the health plans and their memberships with great quality, great service and very competitive pricing, so much so that we're part of these preferred lab networks.
So we're justified. We are getting some modest price increases. And we do believe, going forward, that we can continue to pound that drum and we are using what other people are using across the United States that, in fact, now that we're entering a new inflationary period, our costs are going up just like yours and therefore, we need to start talking about modest price increases going forward. 
So Mark, you would like to add anything to that?

And just to remind everyone, our health plan channel business is a significant portion of our revenue every year. But what we've also highlighted, the reason why we do have unit price decreases in our typical assumptions annually is because we have other pressures in our business. We do have direct business to physicians, which we call clients. And our client business is under price pressure over the past several years, and that has contributed to the price pressure we see. 
Secondly is we sell to the hospitals, and we're doing quite well in the hospital segment, but is price competitive. And then we have other product lines where we sell our services directly to employers or to insurance companies and there is price pressure there as well. So when we talk about our unit price changes, it's not all in the commercial health plan area, there's other areas that we have price pressure as well.

Yes. So thanks, A.J., for your question. Let me take the first one, and I'll ask Mark to comment on the second part of your question.
First of all, COVID tests, we all know, has really increased considerably during the pandemic and has really hit an inflection point. And patients and consumers are now very comfortable with getting a portion of their health care delivered through telehealth networks, whatever that might be. And as we have watched it initially, a lot of the telehealth visits started with mental health and behavior health and have now transitioned to more general health and primary care and even specialized care.
So with all those visits happening in telehealth, you have to engage with the patient and have to be able to enter orders. And fortunately, for us, despite the pandemic and before the pandemic, we have strong relationships with all the telehealth companies. And as you would expect, they're only going to work for us with a small group of laboratories, and Quest would be one of those laboratories. So we're very well positioned with the telehealth providers.
But you also know that even though there are telehealth companies, telehealth is provided through integrated delivery systems, hospital systems in different ways, and they might use one of the telehealth provider platforms, but they're still providing that through their physicians and using their EMR. And so when they enter the order, it's going to be enter the order the same way as in the past. 
So we're watching it carefully. We do believe that there's a positive trend for us given what I just described, but it's complicated because it all depends how telehealth platforms are deployed, and particularly with so many owned physicians by integrated delivery systems, and they're still conducting the business as they do. It all depends how they actually implement their telehealth services throughout their network and how that will affect our business. But again, for us, we believe it is a positive.
So Mark, do you want to take the second part?

It had to do with accelerating our drive program because of our enhanced performance. And I think he's speaking to some of the acceleration in capital purchases that we've made and spending some additional money to get more improvements than what we would have realized if we didn't have the pandemic. 
A.J., is that correct?

Okay. Thanks Ann. Mark, why don't you just start with giving the numbers on base business performance as a start?

And the last question, Ann had asked for the breakdown of what we described is, first of all, the clinical portion of our PCR volumes versus the return-to-life portion of our clinical volumes. And as you can expect, it's tough for us to know exactly, particularly which bucket we can put those in. But I can tell you that the trend line is trending towards more of the return-to-life. We see the infection rates coming down, and we see programs that we've worked on going up.
Examples are the return to school programs. We mentioned 20 states and 5 more coming. We're also doing some testing for employers if they have mandates in place where they're requiring vaccination or testing. So we see some increase in testing related to, again, employers bringing people back to the workplace and requiring testing or vaccination for that.
So I would say trending-wise, it is a larger percentage than before. But it's very difficult for us to give you exact numbers on that because we just don't get it through the orders that we've received. But we think what we provided for guidance is clearly what's going to happen in '22.

Mark, do you want to start with the flu?

So far, Matt, we're keeping up. We always have battles here and there, even despite the pandemic, with -- supply has got a complicated business and a lot of pieces have to come together to do what we do. But not a meaningful disruption so far, but we're watching it carefully because we're not through this yet.
So the last part of this is around logistics. And again, logistics have become a little more complicated given we do use commercial carriers for some portion of our logistics. But we've been managing our way through that. Fortunately, we have our own network of couriers. We have about 3,500 couriers in automobiles that are Quest employees. We have a fleet of small airplanes that do some of the connections between our collection locations and our laboratories, and they're employed by us. And so we're happy we have those in these uncertain times. And we continue to have strong relationships with the national couriers as well. So, so far, so good.

Mark?

Yes. I'll take the first one, Mark, and you take the second which is req density that is the number of tests per requisition. We assume there's a lot of different moving parts, as you know, for our business, one of which is the mix of test. The second is number of tests per requisition being able to -- we have channel mix changes. So all of that is contemplated in our outlook that we've provided. So we assume that that's in there. 
And Mark, do you want talk about the capital deployment question?

John, in our remarks, we're pleased with the recovery we've seen in Advanced Diagnostics. And to remind everyone that our definition of Advanced Diagnostics are entirely molecular and genetics. 
And when I say recovery, and I did say molecular, it does not include our COVID testing. So it's our base, if you will, molecular and genetic testing. And we saw a very good growth, beyond recovery for our prenatal testing. We feel good about that. And we are seeing nice growth for our genetics business.
And as you recall, we did an acquisition with Blueprint Genetics last year, and that's progressing nicely and gave us some nice growth and strength in that business. So we feel good about the recovery and growth we're seeing in those areas that we're really focused on, and genetics, in general, is one of those areas.

Mark?

Okay. Very good. So thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. We appreciate your continued support. And everyone, have a great day.