Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today.  
We performed well in the quarter, growing our base business year-over-year while increasing our share of COVID-19 molecular testing since March. As we have said before, we believe demand for COVID-19 molecular testing is not going away anytime soon. It will continue into 2023.  
Based on our overall performance in the quarter and our expectations for the remainder of 2022, we have raised our full year guidance. We also made very good progress on our leadership transition. Jim will give you an update and take you through our second quarter highlights, and then Mark will take you through our financial performance in more detail before we get into your questions.  
But before I turn it over to Jim, I'd like to say a few words about the saving access to Laboratory Services Act, now called Salsa, the important new federal laboratory legislation recently introduced in Congress as well as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit's recent ruling on our trade associations PAMA lawsuit.  
We're grateful for the efforts of Senate and House members who introduced this legislation on both sides of the aisle. In our view, Salsa could fix PAMA permanently, setting the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule back on a sustainable path. In 2014, the intent of Congress when passing PAMA was to reform the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule to a single national fee schedule based on private payer rates for the clinical laboratory services. Unfortunately, the first round of data collection failed to collect the data from large significant segments of the marketplace. The result was billions of Medicare cuts over 3 years, with more on their way if Salsa is not passed.  
Our trade association is coordinated to [ congressional ] meetings along with public advocacy efforts that involves collaboration with the provider and patient communities.  
Last week, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a decision in the PAMA lawsuit filed in 2017 by our trade association, ACLA. In short, the court sided with ACLA and called the CMS's exclusion of hospital price data "arbitrary and capricious." Importantly, this case has been rejected for procedural reasons, and this is the first opinion based on its merits. Unfortunately, the court is not requiring CMS to recalculate the flawed payment amounts. While disappointing, we believe this favorable ruling will give Congress additional strong grounds to finally fix PAMA's mini flaws by passing Salsa.  
Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim Davis.

Thanks, Mark. As many of you know, this will be Mark's last earnings call as he is retiring next week. Mark, you've been a key member of our leadership team as we have transformed Quest and accelerated its growth. I'm grateful for everything you've done for the company, especially for the last 2.5 years of the pandemic. I would miss your partnership and consult as we navigated many challenges over nearly a decade. I wish you and your family, health and happiness as you approach the next chapter in your life. Thanks.

Thanks, Mark. And to summarize, as Jim shared, we had another good quarter driven by our efforts through share of COVID-19 testing while we believe our base business performed in line with the software utilization trends we're seeing in health care. We have raised our full year guidance based on our performance in the quarter, and our expectations for the remainder of 2022.  
Finally, we're grateful for the efforts of Senate and House members who introduced the saving access to Laboratory Services Act and fully support the passage of this important legislation.  
Now we'd be happy to take any of your questions. Operator?

Yes, sure. So thanks, Brian, for the question. So as we indicated, we were a little softer in the second quarter where the base business than what we expected in the second quarter. And we do believe there's a relationship, as we have said before, between pickup in COVID infections, and the amount of people that are going into their physicians and to some extent, what's happening with hospitals, even though that's a secondary slowdown, if at all. 
And the second part of your question is longer term with worries about a potential slowdown in our economy and approaching recession. What's our view on that, and we're taking a hard look at what happened over the last 10 to 15 years of our business. And things did change quite a bit over the last decade, as you know. The first -- over the last recession, the big -- Great Recession, 2008, we have in parallel with that, the Affordable Care Act. We also had changes with health care policy, and we had PAMA, so there's a lot of other effects.  
And so yes, we do believe there may be some impact in our business related to a slowdown in the economy and the recession. We do believe that we're so essential through the delivery of health care and the need for health care going forward that we believe that utilization will continue to be reasonable throughout any up and down in an economic cycle. So -- but we're taking a look at it and we're seeing if there's any differences this time around, as you know, maybe people were saying this is an unusual set of circumstances given what's happened with health care and what's happened in the economy over the last 2 to 3 years.  
So Jim, anything you'd like to add to what we see with our base business?

And A.J., just so it's clear. You all know that the Emergency Act has been extended and so we're assuming in our guidance that will be extended through October, but we're not assuming in our guidance that it extends past October until we have certainty around that, okay? So that is the assumption and what we've just provided for guidance for the remainder of the year.
And I think since you asked, A.J., Jim, why don't you comment a little bit about the opportunities we still see around the bigger rate, and you mentioned in our opening remarks about the things we have changed. But why don't you chat a little bit about why we're still bullish on the prospects of improving productivity.

Yes, Jack, as you know, in Q1, we did about $600 million worth of COVID. And in the second quarter that we're talking about right now, it was roughly $350 million. So that was a material change in COVID. And as Mark has gone through, there's a lot more dynamics in what the margin is in COVID. But essentially, that sequential compare and our margin drop is primarily related to the drop in COVID testing.

Jim, do you want to take that?

Jim and I actually in a couple of financial conferences try to dimensionalize what's going on with our wage bill. And we talked about of the 50,000 people that the most pressure we see is what there really are real frontline people, and they're primarily what we call specimen processors. When the specimens come into our laboratories, they do the sorting, it's a tough job. It's at night, and we're paying them, we think, fairly, and we've increased that for their hourly wages. And the second is couriers. 
And to give you an idea because it is the area of most pressure, roughly, it's about 10% to 11% of our workforce salary, okay? So -- and at the same time, it represents a larger percentage of our workforce count of the 50,000 people. So that's where we have the most pressure. So even if that number went up, considerably, you get an idea of the impact that would have on our margins. So that's where we see the most pressure, okay?

Yes. So thanks for the question. And we are very pleased with the progress we have made with all payers and where we are today versus when I started, which was over 10 years ago. We've got a network now that is the strongest network that we've ever had. And I would say our relationship with all the significant payers, national and regional is very strong. And they are increasingly realizing that it's good for their membership and good for their competitiveness in the market to have us in the network, and we bring a lot of value. And so we're entirely focused on what we call powering affordable care, which is consistent with what Jim has driven in the company around making sure that we have great quality, great service and a great experience. 
And you heard earlier from Jim as we continue to push on just working smarter, and by working smarter, we're getting more productivity, but we're also going to have a better product. And payers understand that. And so as Jim mentioned, we have gotten some increases from the payers over the last several negotiation rounds. We continue to believe that is something we're going to continue to push for because we do bring a lot of value in the marketplace. And we're very competitive in the marketplace. 
And so if you look at the price effect that we saw in the quarter and what we have typically said in the past historically, remember, historically, we said you should plan at about 100 basis points with the price effect. Well, in this quarter, in the last quarter, we've actually saw less than that. And that's the best position we bet in. And I will share within that envelope, the commercial payer portion of it is significantly less than where we've been historically. But we still see pressure with price, with our hospital business, with our client bill business and that's in that envelope as well. But on the commercial payer side, we're in a very different place than we were before. 
And I'll share with you a part of Jim and I on my transition is Jim and I are going into the nationals and the regional payers, and we're talking about what we've done in the past and more importantly, what we're doing in the future. We just had a meeting last week with one of the national payers and they see us as a much more significant player in the marketplace than what people think about us as, which is a laboratory. We're much more of the lab. We actually help them improve the value of health care going forward. So a much better place than where we were in a good place right now.

So just to add to that, so what you're hearing from us is, yes, we hear your comments about inflation. And yes, we have inflationary pressure. And yes, we're managing that. But what you're also hearing from us is we're in a better price position than we've been in. You need to think about that too and thinking about the prospect of what we're going to do in '23. We're not going to provide guidance. But we still feel confident with what we shared at Investor Day in 2021 around the prospects of what we're going to do going forward.

And the second part is, remember COVID and we're 2 years into it. And every time COVID infections go up, our base business comes down some. And if you think about a physician and what they need to do to run their offices and as you know, a large portion of our business is through physicians in their offices, if there's call outs of their staff or if their patients are missing their appointments because they are now infected, it affects volume. So there's no question there's a correlation. 
And the good news for us is when that happens, our COVID business goes up, right? So Jim, why should...

So just to add to that, because we've commented on this before, it's important to think about this as you think about '23. We started to make investments in 2020 to accelerate growth beyond what we had already invested in to accelerate growth. So think about '20 and '21 and now we're at to '22. And we obviously would not make investments unless we thought there would be a return. And so therefore, you have heard from us, you're seeing growth rates in advanced diagnostics that have come up, you've heard about us feeling good about our consumer-initiated testing, growing faster than we have seen growing in the past. And as you think about '23, you should think about the improvements you're going to see in those two businesses in relationship with that in what we invested. 
And so therefore, you should not think about this as headwinds because you really think about it as tailwinds because we will get a return on those investments we made over the last several years. Jim?

Yes. So as you know, we don't generally give you numbers every quarter about different segments of our business. In advanced diagnostics, we generally give you an annual update, and we'll do that again. But we keep on indicating that we believe we are making progress of getting to a higher level of growth, as we indicated in our Investor Day in '21. We feel good about the progress. And we gave you a number in the beginning of the year. 
And the same is true about our consumer initiated testing. We periodically give you an update to show that we're making progress. So we're feeling good about the investments made, the returns we'll get. And again, you should see more returns in our '23 guidance or the expectations around that because we believe they still remain to be good opportunities.

Jim will handle that.

Okay. So thank you, everyone. And again, thank you, Mark, for your time here at Quest. We're going to miss you, and we wish you well. So thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We appreciate all your questions and support, and we'll see you in our travels. Have a good day.