Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and an update to our guidance. I will then have some additional comments, and we will then open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales growth of 5% came in pretty much as we expected and was impacted by the excellent growth in the prior year. As a reminder, in the first quarter of 2017, we had local currency sales growth of 12%. China did very well in the quarter, with a strong base sales growth. Our overall solid top line growth drove another quarter of strong adjusted EPS growth. Demand in our markets remained solid, and we believe we are well positioned for further market share gains.
Let me turn it to Bill to provide additional details on the financial and our updated guidance for the year. Bill?

Thank you, Bill. I will cover the business in some more detail this quarter.
Let me start with our lab business, which continues to perform well despite strong growth in the prior year. Lab benefited from some acquisition revenue from Biotix. However, our organic growth in lab was up nicely over the prior year. All product categories continue to do well. Balances, AutoChem and Process Analytics have particular strong growth in the quarter. Analytical Instruments and pipettes have good growth but face tougher comparisons due to excellent growth in the same period last year.
For lab in general, we continue to lead the market with technology. We have many examples throughout the business. One recent example is our new unique handheld density meters. It can provide automatic digital measurements in an easy-to-use portable instrument, and its proprietary software assists with data management. It has the look and the feel of our Rainin electronic pipette, which reinforces our commitment to provide reliable but simple-to-operate lab instruments. This is a small product line, but I thought it was a good example to share with you to highlight the focus of technology that we are making throughout our product portfolio. We combine this strong product pipeline with our proven Spinnaker sales and marketing strategies and investments in the field resources via Field Turbo program.
Lab, we see a disproportionate share of both R&D, marketing and field investment resources. I'm optimistic about the lab business for the rest of the year and into the future. I'm convinced we are well positioned and can continue to incrementally gain market share.
One last comment on lab, and this is looking at it from a geographic focus. Asia, in particular China, did very well in lab. Europe's lab growth was more moderate, principally due to the very strong growth in the [ same prior year ] and was impacted by Easter. Americas' organic growth in lab was solid.
Now turning to industrial. As you heard from Bill, the overall industrial business declined 1% in the quarter. Our industrial includes 2 pieces: core industrial and product inspection. We have factors impacting both businesses this quarter.
I will start with product inspection, which represents 42% of the total Industrial business or a little less than 20% of total sales. Product inspection is focused principally on food manufacturers and also pharmaceutical and consumer goods companies. Our offering consists of checkweighers, metal detectors, X-ray vision and sterilization solutions to help ensure the integrity and quality of packaged items. We have the broadest product offering in the market and are a clear market leader in every major region, except for Japan.
Our extensive service network is a very important competitive advantage for us as manufacturing productivity and uptime is critical for our customers. Growth drivers for product inspection are attractive, principally driven by concerns on product safety, brand protection and manufacturing productivity. We have seen a trend over the last few years of global food companies looking to standardize globally their product inspection instruments. Our global presence and service network provides us a unique advantage here.
We achieved high single-digit growth in both 2016 and 2017 in product inspection, in part due to these trends I just mentioned. Given these comparisons, our outlook for 2018 is for more moderate growth. In Q1, product inspection was down mid-single digits. There are a number of factors that impacted these results, primary of which is tough comparisons as local currency sales were up 15% in the prior period.
A couple other factors also impacted the results to a lesser degree. These included the move of our largest U.S. product inspection unit in Tampa, Florida at the end of the quarter. We will have some additional smaller ones in the coming months as we consolidate all the U.S. product inspection operations into this new state-of-the-art facility. As I mentioned last quarter, you will have a chance to see this facility later this year when we hold an Investor Meeting there on November 12.
In addition to the move, the German product inspection operations were implementing the new ERP system in the first quarter. The investments coming from our facility consolidation and new ERP system will have a very good return in the coming years as they will further strengthen our franchise.
Similar to Bill's comments on the group, through April, our product inspection business is close to flat with double-digit 2-year growth rate. We will have a solid second quarter for product inspection. Longer term, this remains one of our strongest franchises, with attractive growth prospects. 
The other piece of our industrial business is core industrial, which was up low single digits in the quarter. We had strong growth in China in core industrial as we are benefiting from improved economic conditions. Growth in Europe and Americas in core industrial was solid on a 2-year basis. The business was also impacted in Q1 by our transportation and logistics business, which is project-based and often lumpy. Last year, we had a couple larger T&L orders in the first quarter, which impacted comparisons for this year. Sales were also impacted by Easter because of our large core industrial service business in the West.
The final piece of our company is the retail business, which was basically flat in the quarter. This business is also project-based and relatively lumpy. This quarter, we had a large increase in the U.S., which was offset by a large decrease in Europe. Our focus for this business is profitability over growth. I would expect low single-digit sales growth for the second quarter and full year.
I think that gives you some more insights into our business, both the first quarter results as well as the outlook. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are pleased with the solid results for the first quarter. Assuming market conditions remain stable, we are well positioned to deliver a year of strong sales and earnings growth.
I want to now ask the operator to open the line for questions.

And maybe on top of that, beyond just the operations benefit, we're bringing in the teams here together. So we're going to have the checkweighing business with the X-ray, with the metal detection business. And the latest decision is also to add the vision inspection business, all into the Tampa facility. This brings the teams together. Cross-selling is supported. But you can imagine also, for customers, this is very attractive. The new facility offers great ways for us for demo programs, for tests -- customer test programs. I think this is going to be extremely powerful going forward to -- for us to further grow the business and totally underlines that we have here a leadership position that we can further leverage. So that's a powerful investment in the future, and it's certainly not just about cost savings opportunities. In contrary, I expect that this is preliminarily an investment in the franchise.

So it's definitely one of the businesses that should grow above the group average. The market offers these opportunities. And certainly, the way also we are managing, allocating resource, all that stuff, supports that approach. There are different factors. So first of all, I would stress the point that we have the most attractive portfolio of the different technologies, and we have leadership positions in the different technologies. We -- this played very well also to the needs of our customers. Then we have an excellent service network that is very much appreciated by our customers. And then for certain technologies, there is still an adoption rate opportunity. This is particularly true for X-ray, and that's another driver for additional growth. This -- what I just said applies across the world, but then you can imagine, there is, on top of that, the emerging markets opportunities. Packaged food consumption is growing over proportionally in emerging markets, and brand protection, quality is a key driver. And so the combination of that offers additional growth opportunities. So yes, all in all, I definitely expect to have above group average but do also recognize that within product inspection, we have a certain project-based aspect of our certain lumpiness. If you have a global key account that is rolling out a big project across the world, this can have an impact on a quarter-to-quarter comparisons. But all in all, should be very nice growth.

I was actually visiting [ Greifensee ] 3 weeks ago. I had a chance to visit also the new facilities and do a very broad-based business review. One thing that I really particularly liked is the resource shifting that we have done over the years to follow the market opportunities really played very well. And Bill just shared with you the lab growth. This is not a coincidence. We really recognized early on that lab has promising end user markets. We continue to invest in these. As on the industrial part, we did actually reuse resources to certain industry segments that we felt have no long-term -- or attractive long-term prospects. And seeing how that played out was really powerful. I could say a similar thing also about the regional presence. So we -- for example, in the times where China wasn't growing so well, we did revisit our local office setup that we have. We had, in the old time, many local offices across China, and we recognize today that there's not the same necessity for that because you have just much better infrastructure. Mobility is better. Phones are better education of people are better. We have an ERP system that is better and so on. So the team really leverage these opportunities, and we allocated resources to drive more growth. And that's what we see in our current numbers. And I certainly expect that this will continue to help us to outgrow this market.

I'll take the first part, and then hand over to Bill. So the first part is the Blue Ocean or ERP rollout was for our checkweighing business in Germany. And that was quite an important but also demanding rollout, because in the product inspection business, we have a lot of engineered solutions, and that requires some new functionality in our template. And in essence, our checkweighing business was, here, the start for it. And as you can imagine, such a roll-in takes always a lot of attention of the management. You have always, in the first few weeks, sometimes also months, some learning curve to go down and some fine-tuning. And that's the impact that we saw in first quarter. I have already seen that we are -- we called up most of it already in April, and the remainder will happen in the next few months. So feel good about that. And in that sense, not different to what we experienced in all the other roll-ins that we have. I think that's just a natural thing. We highlighted here on the call because it has a certain impact within 1 quarter. In terms of where we stand, we have rolled -- or we have implemented Blue Ocean pretty much on all the significant producing organization. There is one important one left that is actually in Tampa. So the one that we just moved facility, this is something that will follow. But otherwise, we are very advanced. And when it comes to the market organization, we are also very advanced. But there are more countries to come, and so we will continue on that journey certainly for a couple of more quarters. But if I look for the whole group, I think in the meantime, we are far beyond 80% of the users that are already on the system. And I think that gives you the flavor that we are very, very advanced on the whole program. Bill, maybe on the CapEx one?

So let me take the first part. Operationally, it wouldn't be too disruptive to us in the sense that one of the key mitigation factor is pricing. And we have already started to do all this analysis. We know how to implement these things, and that would certainly work well. And then on the supply chain itself, yes, there is some parts that are supplier-related, where you do assembling and all that stuff. That is not that major. And in that sense, we feel this is absolutely manageable. I think the part that would be much bigger for us in terms of the impact is if it's -- if it influences the world economy. That's really the bigger part. But the other part, as Bill described in the prepared remarks, in terms of million dollars, it's not so huge. And we have this mitigating factor that we feel actually our plans are already quite solid, and we would know how to do it.

I would say our whole bio life science business in U.S. did very well. Typically, that's the Rainin and the AutoChem business that has particular exposure to that. Both businesses did very well on that one. But the NIH, we are not so much exposed. The pipette business is really the one the most. So that's a little bit why I answered here, bio life science in general.

Yes. So I would start to say that our mix that we have in China is different to the global mix that we have. If I look to the West and in particular in the U.S., we have a very high share of product inspection versus core industrial. And in China, it's still the reverse. Core industrial is much bigger than product inspection. And that's historically driven. You will always see that more mature markets have more demand for product inspection equipment because it's very much quality-driven. It's very much about automated packaging, and even the industry structure is different. We, in that sense, have benefited heavily in the past for this industrial business. Our product inspection business in China has been growing nicely in the last couple of years, but it is still represented -- underrepresented. And in that sense, I do expect that the product inspection is outgrowing the -- our core industrial business, in particular also China. This has not always been the case every quarter, but in the long term, should be that way. To be specific, on a group level, product inspection is roughly 17%. As in China, it is 5% of total sales. That alone gives you a clear indication how much upside we have when China starts to further mature and has an industry structure similar to what we have in the West.

Yes. So the program is very much ongoing. We do these in waves. And I always said I would continue with the programs as long as I feel the market offers growth opportunities, and I definitely feel that way. And I see -- continue to see very good results on it. I have seen that last year, when I had detailed business reviews with the countries. I mentioned before I was in China, but I also spent quite some time in Southeast Asia, was excited about seeing the impact of Field Turbos in Indonesia, Vietnam and so on. So my commitment to continue with the program is ongoing. In terms of waves, we certainly had an important wave, review wave, end of the year, where I committed to quite a lot of additional headcount. And there's another one upcoming here, more in the summer. And from a regional perspective, that might be the just the last one. And I expect also the next one is certainly more weighted now to the emerging markets. As when I looked a few years ago, we were more focused also in Western markets. So that changes a little bit in terms of business mix. That's kind of unchanged, still very much laboratory and product inspection business that benefits from it.

Ross, actually, yes. But I would also say that when I look at our early indicators, leads generation and so on, we have no signals of slowdown at all. And we still feel that the world economy is very strong. We know that we are facing these comparison topics, and that's certainly true for China, but there are no clouds out there that worry us. But of course, we want to stay agile if something happens. But you hear me talking before about Field Turbo. The same is true in investments in marketing, investments overall. We are very much in a growth mode, and we will adjust our plans if need be. But at this stage, we are in growth mode.

As I said, the quarter came in as expected. You might recall that last time on the call, we did already anticipate that this will be a tough quarter because the comparisons and the operational topics. We did anticipate that. This wasn't a surprise.

No, no. It's a constant enhancement of new products, so not at all. On the prepared remarks, I had one example. But throughout the quarter, we had multiple new products, but none that would really move the needle.

Okay. Let me take -- so first of all, we continue to experience here good progress, operational progress, but also all the sales and marketing programs that we have around service, I'm very happy how that goes. This is true particularly also for the contract -- service contract business. There is a part in the rest of service. When you look at our numbers, we always need to outgrow with service contracts because our break/fix business is more challenged. Our products last longer. They're better. And so we compensate that actually with having more labor content in our service offering, more preemptive maintenance programs and so on. So that's all going well. When Bill, after which, shares with you the Q1 numbers, please keep in mind that for service, actually Eastern has a much bigger impact. And in that sense, we got a one-off. We report to you the Q numbers really have a good picture for how the momentum is for the year. But Bill, maybe quickly comment on the numbers.

Very happy about how that's going. Recall, we launched that last year, and one of the countries that actually is the pilot for here and the most advanced is China. And when I was down there, I could visit our 4 facilities there, and I was really very, very happy to see how this caused momentum. We see it on the floor. We see it in all the training, communication and activities of our teams. And I start to clearly see it also in the numbers, in the KPIs that we have. So very pleased. The program proves that it's scalable. That's always the key success factor. And I definitely compare Stern Drive also to Spinnaker in the sense that we recognize that it's a journey. And we get more sophisticated every year or every wave. And one of the key success factor is that we are doing that with our teams, with our employees. This is not just top-down toolboxes or methodologies, no. This is very much with an inclusion of the teams, and that helps us actually to get this continuous improvement. So bottom line, very happy. In terms of quantification, the way you need to look at it, this is feeding our margin expansion. You see Stern Drive impacting material costs, but it definitely also impacts productivity and so the whole margin expansion program.