Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I'm calling in from Switzerland tonight, while Shawn and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. Patrick Kaltenbach is also joining the call with me from Switzerland, and we are excited to have him on board. Patrick and I have had very productive onboarding sessions over the last few weeks, and he most recently has begun to meet with the senior leadership team, who is very happy to welcome him.
Patrick, I will turn it to you as I know you want to make a few comments.

Thank you, Patrick, for these very kind words. From my side, we're off to a great start, and I look forward to our continued teamwork.
I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Shawn will provide details on our financials. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We ended the year with a very strong fourth quarter, which came in better than we expected. Local currency sales increased 7% in the quarter, and growth was relatively broad-based throughout the world. Our Laboratory business and our Chinese business did particularly well in the quarter. We benefited from strong execution, and we are well positioned to capture growth as customer demand improved. However, we continued to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 in certain areas.
From the onset of the global pandemic, our focus has been to identify and pursue pockets of growth within our end markets and to be well positioned to capture growth as demand improved, which is what we saw in Q4. Our innovative go-to-market approach really played very well into this environment and allowed us to capture this growth. Good cost control and the continued benefit of our margin and productivity initiatives contributed to strong growth in adjusted operating profit and very strong growth in adjusted EPS in the quarter. Finally, cash flow not only in the quarter but also for the full year was excellent. 
2020 was an extraordinary year with some of the most challenging market conditions we have faced in more than a decade. Our organizational agility helped us to quickly adapt approaches and processes to the new environment. Our broad end market diversification and the use of sophisticated data analytics allowed us to shift our sales and marketing focus to the most promising end markets early on. It also helped to ensure we were well positioned to capture growth as demand improved during the latter part of the year. We adapted our supply chain and service organization to maintain superior performance that strengthened our franchise and introduced many new digital sales and support tools to provide top-quality customer interactions despite the remote settings of our customers and sales teams.
Throughout 2020, we increased our customer engagement and customer satisfaction, which translated into accelerated market share gains in many product categories. With the strong end to 2020, we have very good momentum as we start 2021 and believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share and deliver good results.
We will have some additional comments on 2021. But first, let me turn it to Shawn to cover the financial results.

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our Lab business had exceptional growth in the quarter. Pipette had excellent growth and benefited from COVID-related testing demand. Process Analytics had another quarter of strong growth, while demand for Analytical Instruments and Balances recovered nicely in the quarter. Sales growth in all regions was very strong. 
We expect Lab to continue to be very strong in the first half of 2021 due to favorable biopharma trends, vaccine research and testing and bioproduction scale-up and production. Lab will face tougher comparisons in the second half of the year. With our excellent Lab product portfolio, including our power demand solutions, focused on automation, digital interfaces and data management and proven Spinnaker sales and marketing strategies, we believe we're well positioned to continue to capture share. 
In terms of Industrial business, Core Industrial did well in the quarter with a 5% increase driven by double-digit growth in China. We will return to growth in Core Industrial in Europe, while Americas was flat, although they had very good growth in the prior year. We are particularly pleased at how resilient our Core Industrial has proven throughout 2020 given the challenges of the pandemic. We believe this reflects the strength and diversity of our product portfolio, our success in identifying and pursuing pockets of growth and strong focus on execution. Our outlook for Core Industrial remains solid, but we acknowledge we are not immune to the overall economy and will face difficult comparisons in China during the second half of the year. 
Product Inspection came in weaker than we had anticipated with a 5% decline in the quarter. Both Europe and Asia declined, while Americas was flat with the prior year. While our outlook has improved for this business and we expect to start 2021 with solid growth, we are cautious as large packaged food companies continue to face operational challenges at their manufacturing sites related to COVID. We believe pent-up demand exists for our instruments, but ultimate timing is still hard to determine. 
Food Retail came in better than we expected with 7% growth overall and growth in all regions.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 7% in the quarter with excellent growth in Lab and good growth in Core Industrial and Food Retail. We expect solid growth in Europe in 2021. Americas increased 8% in the quarter with excellent growth in Lab, offset by flat results in both Product Inspection and Core Industrial. We expect good growth in Americas in 2021. 
Finally, Asia/Rest of the World grew 8% in the quarter with both Lab and Core Industrial doing very well. As mentioned, China had 12% growth in the quarter with excellent growth across product lines. We expect market conditions in China to be very favorable as we start 2021 while they face much tougher comparisons in the second half of the year.
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables were up 13% in the quarter and 8% for the full year.
That concludes my comments on the business. As I reflect on 2020, I'm very pleased with our performance given the exceptional challenges we faced. This performance would not have been possible without the strong foundation and well-ingrained corporate programs that we have in place, which allowed us to quickly pivot and adapt to the new environment. We have always considered agility and focus on execution a key pillar of Mettler-Toledo, and I think you saw evidence of both of these in our results. Probably most important, however, our success in 2020 sets the stage for us to continue to capture growth in 2021 and beyond.
Our strategy over many years has been remarkably consistent. As a leader in fragmented market, we have established strategies that allow us to gain a little market share each year while continuously expanding our margin. The initiatives within these strategies will evolve and develop, but strategies remain the same.
As we look to 2021, let me comment on how we are going about this. I will start with our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. As we discussed on our last call, we made some leapfrog advances in digital transformation during 2020 that position us very well for the future. We will continue to refine our sophisticated analytics to guide our sales force to the best opportunities. We will continue to support our market organization with tools and methodologies to increase sales force time with the most strategic accounts while leveraging our value selling and cross-selling tools to further penetrate opportunities. We will also continue to leverage digitalization to develop new approaches that drive sales force efficiency and refine techniques to improve the effectiveness of telesales teams but also look forward to returning to visit accounts to generate new opportunities.
Finally, we look to execute more telemarketing campaigns and enhanced tools to increase order conversion. 
Service will continue to be essential element of our customer value proposition. Our almost 3,000 service technicians are an important competitive advantage for us. This year, we will focus on further high base penetration and utilizing many of the same sales force guidance, telesales and digital tools that we use for product sales to further drive service sales. 
Our team in China did an exceptional job in 2020 not only in continuing to serve customers and penetrate growth opportunities, but also in terms of manufacturing and supply chain. The team's priority is to continue to optimize the organization to focus on high-potential growth areas and attractive segments and further leverage digital technology to engage customers and generate leads. 
Introducing products for the local market, such as an entry-level x-ray instrument for our Product Inspection portfolio, is also an important element to growth in China and throughout emerging markets. We remain very optimistic about the growth potential, not only in China but throughout emerging markets over the medium term. 
Constantly coming to market with new product launches is another important strategy. Given the diversification of our product portfolio, a new product launch will never be material by itself. But together, these launches reinforce our market leadership, help trigger replacement in existing customers, help open doors to new customers and help support our price differentiation. Later this month, we will launch a new automatic laboratory balance that will set a new standard for weighing of powders and liquids in research lab, testing labs and quality control labs. Addressing the needs in the laboratory for automation, smaller sample sizes, flexibility, ease of use and seamless documentation, these new balances offers an unmatched value proposition. It is a simple, fully integrated solution that will support our customers in their everyday operations. It is just one example of the many product launches we will have this year that illustrates how we are continually focused on bringing products to market that demonstrate clear value to our customers. 
Similar to the continued evolution of growth strategies, we also continue to develop our pricing and productivity initiatives. We have good developments within pricing, utilizing analytics and some machine learning to most effectively price our offering. On the supply chain side, the team was able to continue to make progress on the Stern Drive productivity goals in 2020. But we will be able to make further progress in 2021 when the team won't have as many challenges as they faced last year.
Finally, I think you will continue to see market strategic acquisitions that leverage our technology leadership and global distribution. I acknowledge that we have not had an acquisition for a while but continue to believe we can benefit from acquisition. However, these acquisitions will be small and strategic, not transformational. 
I believe our franchise is stronger than ever as demonstrated in how we performed in 2020 despite all the challenges. As I look back over the last decade-plus years, we have made much progress in many areas. Our continuous improvement programs of Spinnaker sales and marketing and Stern Drive productivity, which I just discussed, are well engrained throughout our organization and will continue to evolve and be important ingredients for the future.
Emerging markets, an important growth driver, are 35% of sales today compared with 25% in 2007. Similarly, our faster-growing Laboratory business is now 54% of sales, up from 44%. Finally, service and consumables is now 33% of sales as compared to 28%. 
Redirecting resources and investments to faster-growing businesses has always been at the heart of our initiatives, and these businesses will continue to fuel growth in the future. The strength of the organization and how well we are positioned for the future contributed to my decision to step down as CEO. Under Patrick's leadership, I believe we have the organization, corporate programs, senior leadership team and tools in place to continue to gain share and continue our successful track record.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And now I want to open the line for questions.

Yes. So we would estimate that the COVID tailwind was about 1% to 2% for the group. And that was really related to the consumer business mainly -- or almost exclusively around tips that we produce in our Rainin and Biotix facilities. So that was actually really strong. But then the remainder of the service and consumable business was healthy and quite sustainable. We -- I was actually pleased to see how we continue to perform service well even under, again, more difficult lockdown situations, particularly also in Europe, started end of Q4. And nevertheless, our service business could nicely hold up, and I would expect the same for this year. So I would almost say for our service business, we have a healthy environment, and it continues to expect similar growth as we had in the past.

Yes. So indeed, we still see good demand for quotes. We feel we have a very good market position. But we see that customers are just not committing to upgrades and new packaging lines and so on, which is not surprising. All these food companies really need to protect the protection -- protect their production from any COVID exposures. And you can imagine, they have very rigid safety procedures, not wanting to let in any external suppliers, and that really drives the demand. 
And I wouldn't be surprised that this takes another 6 months. There are many production companies here that really hold back on CapEx. And as a reminder, about more than 70% of our revenue in Product Inspection is coming from food production. So yes, we count on the second half that we would really see a strong pent-up demand. But I do expect that already, Q1, we will see better numbers but not necessarily coming from pent-up.

So let me take the first part. And regarding the specifics, then Shawn can add in. Yes, indeed, we're very happy about how Q4 came together. The Chinese team did perform really, really well. There is also a good market for us. We see that the Chinese local investment is going very well. We benefit from that. The investments also go in the right market segments for us that we can benefit from, and I would certainly expect that this momentum will still go on for a while. We have here -- for example, Q1, I still have good expectations. 
For the second part of the year, however, we are going to face tougher comparisons, and that's certainly one of the reasons why we guide, when it comes to China, a good start but then a slowdown in the second part of the year. Now Shawn, do you want to add some flavor to that last comment?

Yes. Like always, we -- it's difficult to have hard data on that. Our competitors do not publish specific comparable numbers. And so we need to base this on the observation of our field force. We certainly also observe it kind of the growth momentum we see in the different industry segments and what we can expect. And based on that, we feel actually really good. We have also clear anecdotes that we are winning share, and I feel we are outpacing the market. We have this [ end GDP ] benchmark, and I certainly feel that we are outpacing that. And so that gives us all this confidence. 
Of the share gain. There are some other data points that we use internally. I mentioned that we leverage data analytics to guide our sales force. Last year, we had a special effort to guide the sales force to noncustomers. We did so because certainly, our sales force spend much less time behind the wheel. They had much more time doing cold calling and engaging new customers through virtual demos and virtual calls. And that was then the base for us to expand the targets to our sales force, and we were very pleased to see the results in converting more than ever noncustomers. So that gives us kind of the confidence that this allows us to win share. 
So in a nutshell, we feel that we protected well our existing customer base, while we accelerated the access and the conversion to noncustomers. Certainly a strategy that we're going to pursue. I, many times said, the crisis last year was, for us, an opportunity to leapfrog some of the changes and that in terms of go to market, leapfrog the adaptation of internal new tools and techniques, and one of them was certainly all about the sales force guidance and reaching out to noncustomers. We're going to certainly maintain that one.

Let me take the first. We assume a relatively stable environment in terms of second wave. In Europe, we are in the middle of the second wave. We are definitely on a quite a strict lockdown in many of the countries, started already before Christmas. It feels very different to the first lockdown. The business, while we -- or many of us are in home offices, we have here an infrastructure and an understanding with our customer base that business is going on. We definitely leverage all these. We have also less customer visits, but effective relationships. And we do not see that the core customer base is putting investments on hold. So that's why the second wave is very different to the first wave when it comes to the business impact. 
On personal levels, it feels kind of similar, but not on a business level. I -- if the environment stays about what it is right now, that's probably our base for our guidance here. And I'm not particularly worried that the knockdown situation will significantly impact our business. And that means if the lockdown gets more severe or if everything would certainly ease up, it looks like we have built here a certain resilience in our own business approach as well as the business or the industry segments that we are targeting. I want also to remind, we did quite a shift last year in terms of the industry segments that we are targeting. And that shift we're going to maintain. 
Don't read too much around the M&A language. It's really in the sense that a reinforcement of the strategy that we have been running in the past. We are very interested in adjacencies. We are interested in companies that fit well in our current business focus. And my point was, even that we have here a leadership transition, Patrick and I share a common understanding here that we don't need any transformational acquisitions. We are not seeking any additional leg to the company. We feel we have an excellent franchise. But we want to leverage the franchise when there are good opportunities out there. Again, technology synergies or selected market consolidation opportunities. These are the typical adjacencies that we did in the past and that we certainly are going to continue to pursue.

Yes, our expectation was that our industrial business would be more exposed to the slowdown of the economy and very pleased to see how Q4 came together across the globe pretty much and also across the different product lines in industrial. And I expect this will continue on to be relatively healthy. But of course, then in the second part of the year, then comparisons might then also play again. And certainly also China, where, of course, we have a very significant industrial business. 
I would attribute it to a little bit the same things that we see for the whole group that we early on did go for the pockets of growth that still exist in this market, redirecting our resources and our attention to the most attractive accounts, and that played well. There are industry segments that are very healthy at this stage. The whole pharma production. There is transport and logistics that is healthy for us and many other subsegments and in combination with the sales force guidance topic that I raised before, offered really good opportunities in spite that the overall economy is challenging. So there are segments that are down for us and other segments that were nicely up. And it is really up to us to focus on the right ones.

I wouldn't talk about conservatism. I think it's we recognize that there are industry segments with good upside and others that will be more difficult. At this stage, we would extrapolate kind of the trends that we have seen also in recent months, where we say biopharma is strong and/or certain chemical subsegments are strong. And that should remain that way. Then I would expect that in the second part of the year, we're going to see good growth in PI pent-up demand, as we mentioned before. 
But then on the flip side, you have, of course, the comparison topic. So China will, for example, be rather down in the same -- not down, no -- not the same growth rate in the second part of the year. So that a bit. In terms of where we might experience positive, or hopefully not negative surprises, product inspection in China are certainly the ones that are -- that have potentially both directions.

Yes, I don't want to overstate the impact of our product launches on the top line. We often talked -- we -- our strategy is to continuously upgrade and launch new products, and they add up. But I would say, from 1 year to another, there is not that much different. Of course, the products that we showed to you in Tampa, these were particularly also products in the area of AutoChem. These products are going very well. Very happy with the adoption rates. They will also continue to contribute very well this year. But they are, in all other categories, being it Process Analytics, being it in Industrial, I talked before about lab balances; and other moments, I talked in the analytical space about new products we had for UV/VIS, for example, and so on. So this is the whole portfolio that makes the difference to keep the technology leadership, but it's a continued thing. And again, last year or also 2021, I wouldn't highlight a particular product that will make the big difference to the top line.

Hesitates here. Just -- you're right. We are cautious about the macro environment for -- also for the rest of the year. I don't think the macro environment will just immediately improve when the lockdowns go away. I think there are too many drivers for our macro environment. And so we have not particularly forecasted here for an improved macro environment. We more or less assume things remain about what they are today. So don't know -- I wouldn't say this is particular cautious. I think we just don't know if all these industry segments that are today down will suddenly recover. 
I would think that the momentum that we see in the industry segment, like in bioproduction. I don't think it goes necessarily away in the second part of the year. I think that can be actually quite sustainable. Yes, we had modest benefit from investments in vaccine production. But we're -- in terms of share of our total revenue, it remains very small. So if that would slow down, that wouldn't necessarily have a big impact on us. The investment in far more production and particularly also bioproduction, I think, has a long way to go. So in essence, I feel like the current macro environment that we have could last for quite a few more quarters, including the industry mix.

Yes. On the service side here, I would say this is more an operational topic very early on. We were extremely fast in making sure that we equip our service technician with all the safety gears. And we went -- very early on made sure that our customers knew about that. And then we keep really operations going. You will recall what we -- when we talked about Q2, how we did many good things to maintain production going. We were one of the first ones that resumed production also in China. And similar things that we did also for the service technicians. So we were really up and running. 
And what we benefit -- continue to benefit from is we do this Net Promoter Score, and we had a very nice jump in customer satisfaction in Q2 that we saw in our NPS. And it went on throughout the year. And I feel this gets tribute to our -- really our service force, how well they are performing. Having 3,000 people in the field here is powerful. Then you need also to know that for service, our biggest competition are local, I would almost say, family-owned companies. And for these companies, it is much more difficult to operate in the current COVID environment than for us, where we have a global organization, and we have a lot of professional support of the field force. That's one. And the second one, our efforts to migrate to contract-based service was very beneficial. That protects a lot of our business.

That's probably quite difficult to quantify, but a little bit way to see you. We had now a few quarters of declines. I would expect that we can catch up quite a bit of this. The big question will be how fast and is it going to be at the same time in U.S., as in Europe or not. There might be also differences by industry segments. For example, the meat industry in the U.S. has been very much impacted by COVID, certainly in the area where there was very little investment or activities. So hopefully, that will come back not to far away, but then to be seen. 
So internally, I would say we count on the second part of the year. We were just talking also today with people from the industry. They were kind of hinting to us that the decision-making might really start to ramp up again in Q3 at customers, so that would support, yes, our hypothesis. It should go on then into next year. I would certainly hope that 2022 has also some good PI quarters.

So at this stage, we cannot fully satisfy the demand. We have capacity issues. This is around tips, so not on pipettes, but mainly on tips. The tips are used in COVID testing. We do expect that this is something that we have a spike right now and will then flatten or go back. We do already extraordinary efforts to increase the capacity. We have increased the capacity in Q4 and will continue to increase here in Q1. 
In the summer, indeed, we have an additional facility in Mexico, a new facility in Mexico that will go online. But it, of course, will also take a few weeks that we can fully leverage that. That will bring additional capacity. But most important is that we can maximize capacity here in these days, in these weeks. It's commercially attractive. But of course, it has also relevance. It's our contribution also to the health situation in the society. And so the teams are very motivated here to do the utmost.

Yes. Stern Drive is about really dozens, if not even hundreds, of projects. Actually, last year, I think we were working on 300 projects. And just due to COVID, we had to put on hold or had some delays on a part of these 300 projects. We will resume the full speed on them here in 2021. The results in 2020 were still good, and I still also expect good contribution in 2021. But the programs have proven to be very powerful. I'm extremely happy about Stern Drive, and I wouldn't be surprised if down the road Stern Drive could have even a bigger impact. And I certainly also see Patrick to be passionate about the topic. He had his first review meetings around Stern Drive and came back in a very positive manner about it. And he will certainly engage on this, and that will give the team even more momentum. So you're going to continue to see us talking about Stern Drive and having a benefit from it.

Yes. Thank you. Hey, let me end this call with a simple thank you to you, analysts and shareholders listening here on this call. Thank you for your support and commitment to Mettler-Toledo over the many years. I have truly appreciated your engagement and [ vigor ] you brought to our various interactions during this time. While my focus over the next 2 months is a successful handover to Patrick and still delivering a very strong Q1, but I'm also very happy to remain involved with Mettler-Toledo in the future, to my Board role as well as supporting Patrick on marketing and other organizational matters. I wish you all a very successful 2021. And again, a big thank you, and all the best to you. Bye-bye, everybody.