Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call this morning, which we are doing from Switzerland. We reported strong second quarter results as our team executed very well on our growth strategies. Our culture of agility and focused execution have allowed us to capitalize on favorable market demand and navigate challenging supply chain and inflationary conditions. 
The highlights of our second quarter performance are detailed on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales in the quarter increased 10% as compared to the prior year. We had very strong growth in our laboratory and Core Industrial business, and we are particularly pleased with the very good growth in China. Excellent sales growth combined with good margin improvement drove very strong growth in adjusted EPS despite adverse foreign currency. 
We feel positive about our outlook for Q3 and for the full year, and we recognize our agility and resilience will be pivotal to navigate market conditions. Later, I will have some additional comments on our business, but let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating businesses, starting with Lab, which had strong sales growth in the quarter with very good growth across all major product categories. We expect our end markets to remain favorable. And with our excellent product portfolio and effective sales and marketing initiatives, we believe we can continue to gain market share in our Laboratory business. 
Turning to our Industrial business. We are very pleased with the continued strength in Core Industrial. Our outlook for the remainder of the year is favorable, and we believe this business is well positioned to capitalize on our customers' needs, automation, productivity improvement and efficiency gains as they work to overcome challenges in the labor market and supply chain. 
Product inspection sales came in a little lower than expected this quarter but our team is optimistic for the third quarter. We have strong momentum in Americas but have started to see some more conservative packaged food customers' behavior in Europe. Finally, Food Retail sales grew 3% as growth in the Americas and Europe offset a significant sales decline in China due to disruptions from pandemic lockdowns. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 4% in the quarter, about as we had expected and against the 23% growth in the prior year. As a reminder, we stopped shipments to Russia after the invasion of Ukraine, which is impacting growth in Europe. 
Sales in the Americas was, again, excellent with double-digit growth across all of our major product categories. And finally, Asia/Rest of the World had another quarter of strong growth with robust growth in Laboratory and Core Industrial. China grew 40%, with particular strong growth in Lab and Core Industrial. The team continues to do a great job navigating challenges in the market. Assuming market conditions remain as they are today, we believe we will deliver strong growth in China in 2022. 
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables continue to show excellent momentum and grew 11% in the quarter. We are very pleased with the growth in this important and profitable part of the business. That concludes my comments on the business. 
Now I would like to share with you some insights on our sales and marketing initiatives. We have seen in the recent years the agility that Spinnaker provides is invaluable in helping us gain market share and adapting to various customer demand environments. The effectiveness of this was evident in the initial pandemic downturn and the subsequent recovery. 
Under both scenarios, Spinnaker provided agility to quickly identify growth opportunities and guide our sales force accordingly. As you are aware, we have an organic sales growth focus that benefits from our highly fragmented markets as well as a very large installed base of instruments, which provides fertile ground to discover growth opportunities but also requires a great deal of agility and execution focus. 
Our Spinnaker program helps us target the most attractive segments of growth and increase our sales force time with the most strategic accounts. We want to efficiently go after the best opportunities with our sales organization of approximately 3,000 sales colleagues around the world. Our field sales force is guided toward opportunities with the most strategic accounts, those with good growth and cross-selling potential, while other opportunities are more efficiently handled by our telesales and inside sales teams. 
Spinnaker utilizes unique data analytics to leverage external data sources and our substantial internal data, including that of our installed base, to identify the most attractive and profitable growth opportunities. Spinnaker also provides extensive tools to our sales force that improves their effectiveness.
Continuous improvement is at the heart of Spinnaker. We continue to build, adapt and refine our initiatives, which reinforces our already strong foundation for sales and marketing and makes it difficult for competitors to copy. Our Spinnaker program also benefits from our proprietary Top K program. With Top K, we use data analytics to identify customer investment projects and cross-selling opportunities with potential actionable opportunities for our broad product offering. 
A summary of the opportunity with all relevant information, including customer site, contact info, potential for products, other activities with this customer is generated. These summaries are provided to the sales organization throughout the world who then qualify and prioritize these opportunities for our sales teams. The structure of our sales organization allows us to most efficiently follow up and guide the teams to these opportunities. 
Last year, we generated more than 150,000 of these Top K alerts and are continuing to penetrate these potential opportunities at customer sites. While we continue to follow up with last year's alerts, we are also launching additional wins this year. Target industries for this wave include, for example, pharma, food and beverage and chemicals. And we also identified opportunities in the fast-growing markets of lithium-ion battery and semiconductors. 
Other examples include vaccines, plant-based foods and advanced materials. We are convinced that our unique ability to quickly identify growth opportunities and related accounts helps us to adapt to shifts in customer demand, who we have all seen can happen quite rapidly. 
Our sales teams are also very happy to be able to visit customers on-site again. Face-to-face meetings allow us to best assess potential, promote our key value-add solutions and identify cross-selling opportunities. However, we also saw, during the last 2 years, how effective online interactions with customers can be. We have significantly enhanced our remote capabilities, including online sales meetings, webinars and virtual or e-demos. We recognize the importance of leveraging a smart mix of online and on-site meetings to convert opportunities to orders. 
Finally, selling service contracts at the point of sale continues to be a high-priority focus for us. We saw the value of our service throughout the last 2 years in terms of very favorable Net Promoter Scores. This has reinforced our sales organization the importance of articulating the value of a service contract when the product is sold. 
Internally, we have revamped our quoting process to ensure the right focus is on service at the critical point of the selling process. We have also introduced an updated version of our digital sales enablement tool library that allows our sales reps to be more effective in value selling.
The update includes new front-end software tied directly into our CRM, providing our sales team dashboards to prepare for upcoming site visits and efficiently handle follow-up requests. Our sales enablement tool also provides our sales teams enhanced application information and selling guides, which also helps us enable cross-selling with new applications in targeted accounts we have not yet penetrated. This tool greatly improves the effectiveness of the selling process, thereby enhancing the customer experience and improve order conversion rates. 
These are just a few examples to illustrate our strength in marketing and sales. At the core of our growth strategies is the importance to reallocate resources to the best opportunities. And Spinnaker is a great example how we do this by helping to identify and guide our sales teams to the best growth opportunities in the most favorable end markets.
Business conditions today remain solid. I am convinced that our strategic programs, such as Spinnaker, will provide us agility to adapt to potential changes in the market conditions as we have successfully demonstrated over the last several years. If you look at the mix of our business today, it is stronger than ever. Our Laboratory business has grown from 44% of our sales in 2008 to 56% of our sales today as we target secular growth opportunities like pharma and biopharma industries. 
At the same time, our Core Industrial business has changed from 31% of our sales to approximately 25% of our sales, and the mix within that has shifted to more favorable end markets. In fact, we estimate that more than 60% of our Core Industrial sales are now with pharmaceutical, biopharma, food manufacturing and chemical customers. And I would remind you that our service and consumable business is approximately 1/3 of our revenues and very profitable. 
Our end market breakdown also reinforces the strength of our business. Today, we estimate about 40% of our total sales are to life science customers, 20% to food and beverage and about 10% to chemical. And beyond that, we serve many other diverse markets. We are clearly more biased towards higher-growth markets and, at the same time, nicely diversified. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks, and we now want to open the call to questions.

Yes. Shawn, you go first and then I'll chime in.

Yes. Clearly, and of course, let me add also to that. We are seeing strong momentum in both businesses at the moment. We're seeing very healthy demand driven by operational efficiency and automation needs. And they go across both the Lab market as well as the Industrial end markets. So I think both markets are benefiting very well from the [indiscernible] of the right products to serve our customers. 
We are really happy with [indiscernible] for both of the segments. Our Lab business, of course, is much bigger as you know. And we have also launched a lot of exciting products this year and continue to have a lot of good products in the pipeline for both units. So this is why we're also so optimistic on the outlook for Q3 and Q4.

Yes. Thanks, Catherine. I'll take the question first and then let Shawn chime in as well. So yes, we are exactly -- we are very pleased with the 14% growth in the quarter. And as a reminder, we grew 35% in the second quarter of last year, so really exceptionally strong growth. 
We saw the growth across our Lab business in China with almost 20% sales growth, which is remarkable also given about 40% sales growth we delivered in the second quarter of last year. And all of our Lab product lines really showed very strong growth. We had strong growth also in our Core Industrial. Shield team has done a particularly good job of increasing our business mix to more attractive segments, as also Shawn mentioned before. 
We have seen particularly strong demand for solutions in automation driving this efficiency that we talked about. So we are very confident on China if the underlying market conditions don't change. And in China, they can change quickly for lockdowns. But so far, we are really optimistic. As I said, we are expecting strong growth in the second half as well.

Yes. Let me first capture the product inspection piece. And yes, it's mainly in Europe where we see some -- a little bit more conservatism. Customers are just a little bit careful with their investments in packaged food. We don't see that in the U.S. The U.S. is actually still very, very strong for us in product inspection. We have a very good pipeline there. 
But Europe has become a bit more cautious and that, of course, has also to do with the overall environment -- economic environment in Europe that some customers get more conservative. On the rest of Europe and the other businesses, I mean, we are really pleased with our growth that we have seen in the second quarter. As you know, we have had expected to come in low single digit. It came in better, and this is also against 20% growth in the quarter of last year. 
We don't see any concerns for our European sales team or any other parts of the businesses right now in Europe. So no, I would say no signs of a real downturn at this time. But we fully acknowledge that we need to be very agile as market conditions, of course, can change and change quickly, given the situation with the energy supply, which we carefully monitor and have also put the right mitigation plans in place.

Yes. Good. Absolutely. Let me start with that. So first and foremost, I think we still have ample of opportunity to also grow our service business, which is very, very strong. We have a huge installed base of instruments. And I would say a big part of the installed base is currently not under contract but it's calling more on what we would call break and fixed services. 
So we have opportunities every time we go there with customers to talk about the value of contracts and being under contract, which means they have faster access to services. They have a fast response time. They have a broader service portfolio if they are on a contract and then also drives some of the growth rate we have proved from our services. 
We have a strong focus, of course, also at services at point of sales, making sure we get right for we sell the instrument also better connect rate. The team has a very strong focus on that. And overall, we are increasing our portfolio of services to our customers, adding more high-value services continuously. So I'm very confident that the share of the service revenues continue to increase. 
I mean, we have to also see that, of course, for the last 2 years, we had very strong instrument growth. And the service usually trails that a little bit, but having 11% growth, again, this forward double-digit growth in Services and Consumer is a really strong reminder that we're making good progress on broadening our service footprint. 
If you were to look at it from a regional perspective, the U.S. history has been very strong as well as Europe. In China, we still have even more potential to grow services. Traditionally, the Chinese market has been not leaning that much into service. They are more self-maintainers and they're also seeing it as a part of the overall sales package being included with the instrument, that it takes time to change that mentality, and we are working on that. 
From that perspective, I'm optimistic and I'm putting a lot of focus also in my internal business meetings with every business I have, how we can increase the share of services and, of course, other consumables. The products we have, for example, our pet business, very strong in consumables. In other areas, for example, in the Lab business, the titrators, automation solutions, they all come with a very healthy and increasing share of consumers moving forward. So I'm optimistic that in the long term, we will move that 1/3 of the business piece further for service and consumables.

That's an excellent question. I think your second part of the question is actually leaning in the right direction. What we are hearing is that customers are, for several reasons, really interested in driving more automation in their businesses. It's driving their productivity. It's -- with that, of course, driving their profit. 
And they are very willing to invest and making sure that they continue to drive productivity also. Getting manual labor out of the play as much as possible when you look at large automation in factories where we play big [indiscernible] in the Industrial business or even in the Lab. It's all about making sure that you can automate processes to make them more robust, more reliable and also, in the end, cheaper for them. 
This is why our customers are responding very well to automation right now. It's not the "automation" alone. It's that this productivity gain and although that long-term performance gains that they get from automation solutions.

In China itself, look, we didn't have a really significant slowdown during the quarter. I mean, the quarter held up quite strongly for us. The team was reaching out to customers even in, let's say, some of the sales folks who have been in provinces or areas where they're also locked down, they continue to call customers from home. 
We also referred in our -- earlier in some of the other calls about our digital tools and how we can engage with customers. They leverage this fully in China as well. So on the order momentum, I would say we haven't seen a real dip throughout the quarter. And on the manufacturing side, we recovered very, very quickly. And there was no difference in terms of instruments versus consumables at all. I don't know, Shawn, if you have a different perspective, but I haven't heard anything else in China.

Yes. I'll get this first and then I'll let Shawn chime in as well. Look, we are definitely around 85% of the rollout so far. And there are still a number of countries left to bring on to Blue Ocean or they are running on their current own ERP systems. Look, I mean, it will continue to help us drive productivity within the company. We can use -- shared a common template for many of the process that we use across the company. 
So a lot of it is also an internal gain in terms of efficiency and helping us to drive cost down and just use efficiency across the company. On the pricing side, I don't -- there is some impact, but I'll let Shawn take that.

And maybe a little bit as we said, in product inspection [indiscernible] customers become a bit more cautious with investments. Otherwise, not really, no.

Yes. That's a good question, but we don't hear a lot of the customers have stockpiled electrodes or pipette tips. I mean, we had, I would say, more at the beginning of the year, we, of course, during the pandemic, customers try to buy as many pipette tips as possible, and they filled up their stock levels, but is coming back to, I would say, more normal levels now. 
And you also have to realize that a lot of the pipette tip sales that we make a day are not going into testing in going into bio research, biopharma applications. And these labs usually do not have the same tendency as we have seen, or you probably have heard from other suppliers that supply, the broader testing industry that have tried to just get as many in their stocks as possibly even last year, we have not been that much exposed.

Yes. Well, thanks, Josh. Very good question. But look, I mean, the Q2 results have been a bit softer than we had expected. It's not like off by a huge  factor. Margins is not a little bit softer. I think we had projected high single digits. We came in a bit more to mid-single digits, so it's not off by far. 
A lot of that was actually triggered by 2 factors. We have seen -- on the customer side, we have seen some project pushouts not necessarily because they didn't have the money, but because usually, we also supply into a larger infrastructure. And then some of the upper suppliers were not ready to make the full installations of our final product inspection piece of the whole flow line, so to speak, but they  were just not ready to take it this quarter. So there has been some pushouts. 
What we also suffered from in terms of not being able to deliver everything we could was, on the supply chain side, some of the electronic components just didn't come in time, so that led actually to delay in this quarter. As we said, we are quite optimistic for Q3. The team sees a good pharma especially in the United States. We have to continue to monitor the situation in Europe. But otherwise, I think we are okay with the guidance.

Yes. Look, I mean, again, for COVID testing in China wasn't a big storm at all, but we see broad-based growth across our product portfolio. There is very strong demand from pharma and biopharma, especially biopharma. The Chemical segment, again, is showing very strong demand for automation solutions so we are very happy with that. 
Should we add also in our remarks, we have mentioned what we call hot segments like the battery segment, plant-based food, et cetera, where we have targeted our sales force very quickly to these accounts with the right application solutions. 
They show across the board, I mean, across the regions very strong growth. And I think if you factor all of that together with what we also mentioned being about this continuous need for automation solution, that just drove a lot of demand across our portfolio.

Yes. I'll take that. So look, on supply chain challenges, I would say they have somewhat stabilized but we continue to see challenges in certain items. It's still mainly semiconductors. It seems to get a little bit of that. I would not give green light on everything to be honest here. 
What we have seen on transportation and logistics have improved quite a bit. We also see, for example, the port in Shanghai, less congested as it used to be, so that helps, of course, but an overall supply of material. Again, we see some of our businesses have seen slight improvement in semiconductor available. 
But we have still some others who have not. I mentioned the product aspect, for example, where we had some issues getting right components in time. And we still have constantly calls with the suppliers, making sure that we get enough of the electronic components. 
I can't tell you really whether it's -- this is a trend already, these line improvements. We are hoping all for it and we stay very agile and in very, very close conversation with our suppliers to make sure that we have enough safety stock holds in the areas that we see very critical.

Bye. Thank you.