Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and updated guidance for 2020. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Sales growth in the quarter came in better than expected and was quite good given the excellent 8% growth in the prior year quarter. Total local currency sales growth in the quarter was 4%. Growth in the Americas and China was strong. We again faced meaningful headwinds in the quarter due to adverse currency and impact of tariffs. With the benefit of our productivity and margin initiatives we were able to overcome these challenges and delivered strong growth in operating margins and EPS growth.
For the full year 2019, we exceeded $3 billion in sales and achieved 5% growth in local currency. Food Retail was down significantly in 2019. Excluding this business, we have 6% growth in local currency sales. We achieved a strong improvement in operating margins and a 12% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Given the material headwinds we faced in 2019, we are quite pleased with this performance. One final comment on full year 2019, we generated more than $530 million in free cash flow. A very strong level.
Let me make some comments upfront on the coronavirus that is impacting China. To date, we have had no health impact to our employees in China, for which we are grateful. We are working with the team of contingency and backup plans due to travel and back to work restrictions that the government has imposed. Even before these actions were undertaken, we had taken steps, such as eliminating our annual sales force meeting and noncritical travel to reduce the risk to our employees. We expect the coronavirus to significantly impact sales in China in the first quarter due to the loss of selling days. At this time, we would expect to recover the sales later in 2020, and therefore, have made no adjustments for full year sales growth for the coronavirus. I wanted to mention this upfront so that you can put it into perspective as you evaluate our results and updated guidance for 2020.
In terms of the full year, our view on 2020 has not changed significantly since we last spoke. We continue to remain confident in our growth, margin and productivity initiatives. We believe we can continue to gain market share and drive earnings growth. Excluding Food Retail and the near-term impact of the coronavirus, demand in our markets remained solid, although we are cautious on the macroeconomic environment, as uncertainty does exist, and there are pockets of weakness in certain end markets.
We will continue to invest for growth, but remain agile if market conditions change. Based on market conditions today, we believe we are well positioned to generate solid sales growth and strong earnings growth for 2020. Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance.

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our Lab business continues to perform very well with 6% local currency sales growth in the quarter. Most product lines did well, particularly if you look at it on a 2-year basis. Sales growth in Americas and China was particularly strong. Our Laboratory business is well positioned to continue to gain share, and we are very pleased with our robust product portfolio. We expect market demand to remain favorable, especially in pharma life sciences. We also sell our lab instruments into other end markets and see some pockets of weakness in certain end markets. Overall, we expect good growth in our Laboratory business in 2020, although we faced more challenging comparisons after several years of very strong growth.
In terms of our Industrial business, product inspection was flat in the quarter, in line with our expectations. We continue to believe this business will grow low to mid-single digits in 2020. As we've discussed last quarter, we have not yet seen the large food manufacturers return to full investment mode, particularly with respect to global rollout. We believe this is a matter of timing and are well positioned to capture growth once these food companies return to investment mode.
Core industrial did great in the fourth quarter, increasing 4% against 13% growth in the prior year. This was better than we had expected, and we are very pleased with the performance. We're executing well in core industrial as this business continues to gain traction with Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. Core industrial is also benefiting from innovation. Underlying market demand is good enough, and we can capture growth given the diversity of our products, customers, end markets and geographies. Finally, Food Retail was down 2% in the quarter, pretty much on target with what we had expected. However, our outlook for this business has deteriorated since the last time we spoke.
We expect it to be down double digits in the first quarter and be down for the year. Underlying market demand is weak. And although we have easy comparisons we don't expect meaningful improvement until later -- in the later part of the year. We had assumed last time we spoke that given the lower level of product activity in 2019, we would have some recovery in 2020. Based on our outlook for Q1, we don't see this happening until later in the year. As a reminder, we are managing this business for profitability, which also makes forecasting sales a bit challenging. We have an active cost reduction actions over the last year in light of the challenging conditions.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. I will start with Europe, which was up low single digits. Lab had growth while core industrial and product inspection were down against very strong growth in the prior year period. We continue to think this business will be up low single digits for the year. We would expect a modest decline in the first quarter, principally due to a significant decline in Food Retail as well as the 9% growth in Q1 2019.
Americas continues to do very well with 6% growth in the quarter. Lab and core industrial had strong growth. We expect market conditions to remain favorable and expect solid growth in 2020, but this region will be impacted by prior year comparisons.
Finally, Asia/Rest of World had solid growth with most business lines doing well, except for Food Retail. China had strong growth in the quarter with double-digit Lab growth and high single-digit Industrial goal. Excluding the temporary impact of the coronavirus, our outlook for this region remains favorable, but they will continue to face strong multiyear comparisons.
I want to point out that in Q1 last year, China grew 13%, the strongest quarter of the year. Due to these tough comparisons and the impact of the virus we discussed earlier, we now expect Q1 sales in China to be down mid- to high single digits. Our full year sales growth in China remained unchanged from our previous level of growth in the mid-single-digit range for the full year, principally due to strong multi-year comparisons and a slightly more challenging industrial environment.
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables together represent about 1/3 of our sales growth, and both grew 7% in 2019. Very happy with this strong accomplishment. That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business.
We often speak to you about how we view our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs as key differentiators in the market. Another important differentiator is the strength and breadth of our product offering. Let me give you some additional insights, starting with our Laboratory offering. We can provide more than 40% of the instruments that the scientists or chemists uses daily in a typical analytical lab. These instruments range from balances and pipettes to analytical instruments such as pH meters, titrators and UV/VIS, and finally, to our automated chemistry solutions, which can help in drug process development.
We compete against different players across these product categories. No one has the breadth and leadership of the bench of instruments that we do. Our LabX software can link these instruments and provide connectivity to a LIMS, or Laboratory Information System. This is very powerful -- this is a very powerful competitive advantage as none of our direct competitors has anything close to this capability. More important than the number of instruments we can provide is the value these instruments provide to our customers. Across the portfolio of instruments, we focus on 3 important value dimensions: First is automation, our instruments provide greater efficiency, higher sample throughput and less errors in daily laboratory tasks and analysis; second is information, our instruments can perform complex analytics, often with one click of a button and also can ensure the integrity and traceability of the data, this is especially critical in regulated environments; the final dimension is measurement quality. We provide services such as calibration and good measurement practices to support the quality of our customer processes.
We refer to the value outlined in these dimensions as the power of the bench. Our focus is to leverage and respond to global trends that our customers face, such as demand for greater productivity and digitalization and data management needs. Our Lab solutions ensure compliance, data integrity, and provide real advantages in terms of automation and productivity. We have additional product launches and R&D developments in 2020 that will continue to reinforce the strength of these value dimensions.
Likewise, on the industrial side, our product offering is very strong, and we continue to distance ourselves from competition with the breadth of the offering. Our industrial customers are constantly striving to improve the productivity and streamline data management. We are launching several highly innovative products and applications that help with these challenges. For example, InVision is our breakthrough innovation for manual workplaces, where weighing, counting and packaging tasks have high error potential. InVision uses machine learning and combines WAN technology and camera recognition for fail-safe parts identification in milliseconds. Guided working steps, automated -- automatic data capture and process verification significantly increases production, quality and worker efficiency.
The instrument directly connects to the customers' production and ERP systems, providing full data visibility and visual proof-of-order fulfillment. We expect customers could achieve productivity improvements of up to 30% with this revolutionary product. This is just one example of many new product developments underway where the combination of multiple sensor technologies and the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence enables us to develop breakthrough innovation with unique new value proposition.
Furthermore, by utilizing different R&D expertise throughout the world, we can develop these products in very short time periods. These are just a few examples of the strength of our R&D innovation that continues to be an important component of our market share gains.
That concludes our prepared comments. We are very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter and full year 2019. While uncertainty exists in the global economy, we believe we are well positioned to gain share and deliver good earnings growth and solid cash flow generation in 2020.
Now I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Okay. So referring to the segment with the biggest impact. First, I want to start. The fact that offices are closed here for additional days has an impact across the business. The second impact that I want to highlight is the restrictions of the field sales force in terms of traveling. And again, that's quite broad based. On that latter part, however, we can take mitigation measures. We are, for example, very active already this week in rolling out a broad training program to our own sales force as well as our indirect channel partners to be more effective in telesales. In the past, we did telesales with a focused team. Now we want to make sure also that field salespeople are experts in telesales and leveraging that. Now this is kind of the short-term impact. Now what you -- when we think about segments, we need to think also the demand side that will be impacted here in Q1. And as an example, the one that we expect to be most impacted is the retail business. The retail business is impacted because the Chinese consumers behave differently at this stage and that we will feel in a quite strong way.
The Lab business, I would expect to be actually much less impacted. There might be even some upside later in the year. Now in terms of how fast this comes back, we do expect a pent-up demand. We do also expect that from a Chinese government standpoint, there might be some stimulus that will help. I would hope that we see already some of that in Q2, but I certainly expect that it's going to take Q3 and Q4 to fully recover. So certainly not a full recovery in Q2, absolutely not. 
Then in terms of the supply chain, you're asking how much of the products we produce in China. So -- and then export to the West. I would first say, we have a part where we produce in China, but of course, we also source components, and that's quite significant. But -- and the good news is we are very close on this whole supply chain impact. The -- our local Chinese team has done a fantastic job in assessing the impact and taking mitigation factors. I have also my global supply chain team very actively on that one. We have, for example, contacted all our suppliers, and all our Chinese suppliers so far have given us green light. We feel comfortable. We have also taken mitigation factors.
At this stage, we do not expect any significant impact on our global supply chain. I do not expect any significant delivery issues coming out of that but this is also assuming that operations will come back on February 10. And if they are not, still field mitigation factors will help, but of course, it can't last for weeks.

So indeed, very happy about the results. They've also exceeded expectations. I really feel this is a reflection of very good execution by the teams around the world because the end-user markets that we serve with core industrial, we're not particularly strong, as mentioned, that we even saw some pockets of weaknesses. Nevertheless, we did here very well. I feel the core industrial benefit from things that we shared with you at previous occasions in the context of Spinnaker sales force guidance, for example, helps really very nicely in the core industrial because it helps us to guide the salespeople to the industry segments that are the most relevant and most interesting for us. We had, for example, particular focus on life science industry and pharma industry for core industrial, that helped. So on the one hand, this whole -- the go-to-market dynamic and the marketing dynamic was strong, and then we had a good product portfolio. There were many smaller innovations, but together, they make a difference.
We had hardware products, but we had also software products that we had into use over the last 2 years that benefited. At previous occasions, I had shared that with you. For example, our new portfolio for the floor scales, but also in the area of counting scales and so on. So good product. And on the prepared remarks earlier, I just highlighted the product InVision that we also feel, is a proof of strong leadership in innovation. Now none of these products will be important enough to really make a difference to the top line, the group sales, but in aggregation together, they make a difference. And they sometimes help us to open new doors and sell significant solutions to key accounts.

Or let me quickly jump in. We are talking about certain end markets that have weaknesses. So not -- okay, so it's really end markets. And when I talk about end markets -- and this wasn't just Lab, this is kind of overall. If you think 1/3 of our revenue roughly comes from pharma lifestyles, and the other 2/3 come from many different industries. And we had industry -- end-user industry like metal, plastic, electronics, and even some chemical industry that wasn't particularly strong. And it depends a little bit by region. But for example, in Europe, you have the automotive industry that is really weak. Now automotive itself is not an important segment to us. But there are suppliers to the automotive industry that are relevant for us, plastic, but also, again, components and so on. And so we have these end-user markets.
Now when you will say, "Hey, that's more relevant for industrial." No, actually, for Lab too because we have a lot of instruments that go in quality labs. And so we saw. So, for example, thermal analysis would go and be relevant there, also weighing and so on. Now even that, when you look at the whole product category for us, we did well. But when we analyze it by end-user segments, we saw some pockets of weakness. And that was what I tried to highlight, kind of also trying to say, "Hey, we have here an economic environment that is good enough for us, but that doesn't mean that every end-user segment is as strong as life science."

I think for these segments, we are rather late cycle. And in that sense, I think right now, we are in that situation. We saw it in Q4, we saw -- we will also see it in Q1. But I think actually, there is upside on that one. I rather think -- we see it also in certain PMI statistics and so on that these segments should actually start to recover. But let's be also cautious, the overall global economy is flattened.

So the deal that took place doesn't have a direct benefit to us. So the tariffs that we are impacted on -- are still in place. And I don't think there is anything near-term here that could change. However, the fact that there was a deal between U.S. and China, helps the overall economy, helps confidence in China and that's good for us. Again, I do not expect that tight situation will change here in the near term. And so we are assuming for tariffs, the status quo, and that means we still have headwinds from tariffs for another 2 quarters.

I would highlight 2 things. First, we did better than expected in Q4, and that gave us even more confidence in our execution, shows that our programs are really going well. And so that played a role. And the second one is, you mentioned here a few things that we are more concerned now. But then I would highlight core industrial that I feel better. And I highlighted, we had really a very good results here in Q4, and we have better confidence for the full year. So I think that's a combination of things. Net-net, I feel as comfortable about the guidance for this year as I was in November. And that's really why we keep the full year guidance, even as we see here for Q1, a bigger target.

So we -- from experience, we have seen that if you have -- if we have a significant slowdown, we have the pent-up coming back. And that's just based on experience, and we have every reason to feel the same way here. And as mentioned before, I do expect that the government will also support the economy and that we will benefit. And there are certainly areas where we're probably going to see more investments, particularly in the area of life science as an outcome of it.
The second question, it's not an easy one to answer to be honest, we have spent a significant time to review here with our local team, the impact now for this February 10 we thought. The -- I think it will mostly depend what kind of actions the government takes. If the government would suddenly extend this lock period for operations that people would not be allowed to go back to the facility or so, that's one. But the other one is they might restrict travel. And I can't give you good numbers here for all the different scenarios. From today's perspective, I'm not particularly concerned about the supply chain. I think we can master that, and we have reasonable contingency. Even if this takes a few extra days, I don't see that as a big problem. The bigger question is actually how our customers will react in that situation. That's the big one. I think what -- we can manage things. We -- you heard me saying before, we have contingency plan, we think about alternatives, we have this tele channel that we can activate, and all that stuff.
But it's difficult to anticipate what the customers will be, and we have so many different customers in China. You have international customers, you have the local ones, you have Food, you have life science, so every expansion will impact our numbers. No question. But I think with our guidance that we gave you and the details we gave you we gave you already quite some indication that this extra days of closing has a significant impact on our numbers. And if this is extended by 1 or 2 weeks, then you need to assume that our numbers will be worse than what we are guiding you right now in Q1, right?

Yes. So we initiated the different cost actions. There were cost actions related to the Food Retail business. These were executed throughout last year, and we're going to have the benefit also ongoing here. There were also cost actions that we did in the area of IT, back office and so on. These were executed mostly in Q3. And so we have more benefits coming in this year. So yes, different things we have benefits in 2020 coming from that, and we build it in, in our guidance.

Yes, I would attribute it to really good execution by the team. I think the team does a fantastic job. And they are very effective in implementing Spinnaker and they are really good at going after the industry segments that have the best opportunities. And that was very helpful in that environment that we experienced here in China last year.

I think the competitive landscape is quite settled because we are not running the Food Retail business for market share. We really run this business for profitability. We are focusing, particularly on large accounts. We are focusing on the most attractive countries. And in that sense, we have refined our strategy and are executing that strategy, and we'll stick with it even when the market will recover. Yes. Yes, I think we are really -- we want to be very disciplined on that business. And we have been running this strategy for now quite a few years. And it's -- of course, it hurts when we see that it impact our top line. But this resource shifting that we are doing in the organization, helps us to grow many businesses with excellent profitability, with excellent long-term growth opportunities and the Food Retail business, we did less of that. And as a consequence, it became smaller in percentage of the total business. Today, Food Retail is about 7% of our revenue. This is much less than what it was a couple of years ago, and I feel this is the right strategy. So I'm not irritated by these temporary challenges. But of course, it hurts, no question.

Okay. The biggest category is packaged food. And that's the biggest one, but you would also have for example, the cosmetics industry. You have also a little bit of pharma. And you also have meat, which can be packaged meat. So these are kind of the different categories. They are typically big companies. Many of them have global operations. And -- yes. That would characterize kind of the key end-user segment. The packaged food companies, the branded packaged food companies have a rather difficult period. There are new market trends from consumers that impact things. You have channel topics that they face as branded consumer packaged companies, and you see that also kind of the overall performance of these companies' market caps and so on. And that has an impact on their investment behavior. And we feel that.

No.

No, the whole Brexit topic has not been a particular relevant one for us. Now we had our contingency plans in case it would have been a hard Brexit. Now things are really calm for us. And of course, if at the end of the year, this hard Brexit becomes, again, probability, then we -- our contingency plan will be very relevant. But I want also to remind, the U.K. is about 3% of our revenue, so even if Brexit would have some demand implications, it's not so relevant for the group level.

Let me have Shawn respond here, just maybe clarify a few things, and then I'll come back.

Yes, I'll leave it with -- totally agree on -- And in that sense, I don't think there is a particular effect here that we need to highlight.

From today's perspective, everything points out to this. But honestly, things have changed a lot every day. We have been on the phone and the e-mail exchanges every day, and there was always news.
I think in that sense, I'm confident with the information I have, but I have also seen that individual provinces make their own decisions, and that can also influence us, this can -- there can be travel restrictions specific to provinces and so on. But again, from today's perspective, we do expect that we can relaunch our operations.

As I covered early on, we -- first, we are impacted now just by the fact that we can't meet our customers and that we can't really take orders or initiate quotes and all these things. That sure, I would say they're independent across all the industry segments. But then there are industry segments that will be impacted in terms of demand in Q1. I was highlighting that, for example, Retail will probably be more impacted than life science, pharma customers maybe even packaged food companies. So there will be differences.

On this consumable topic, most of our consumable is actually related around liquid handling pipette. Actually, the pipette business could be one that has some upside from the whole thing. You can imagine, but pipetting is very important, and I wouldn't be surprised that research and so on will be intensified. It's -- even an area that we right now see in our Chinese business. So I don't think that we will lose on the consumable business for the full year. And even the other part of the consumable, I don't think will be much impacted.  This -- the consumable piece is impacted by the research activities. And in the area of production, for example, when I think about process analytics and so on, I don't think that the demand would be impacted for the full year.

We -- it's part of the pent-up recovery that we were mentioning before. It's not huge, but we have it as...

Yes.

It didn't change too much. I think what I was highlighting before that I felt better about our execution in Q4, particularly also in core industrial, but also overall I felt better on that piece. What came in weaker is Food Retail, and certainly, we have now global economy things, but I wouldn't give too much weight on that. So net-net, I feel the same.

Packaged food CapEx is certainly a good indicator for that. This is an indication how much investment is going in packaging equipment and all these things, that is. And in general, when -- I would say when these consumer packaged food -- consumer packaged companies are recovering, we will see investment going back into it.