Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call tonight. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments and we will open the lines for Q&A. 
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We had a very good start to the year with the first quarter results. Local currency sales growth was strong and better-than-expected as demand in our markets remained favorable and we continued to execute well. Total local currency sales grew 7% in the quarter. Food Retailing declined in the quarter. Excluding this business, our total sales grew 8%. We had excellent growth in our Laboratory and Industrial product lines, which more than offset the decline in Food Retailing. Growth in Europe and Asia was a strong and Americas, excluding Food Retail, also grew quite well. Our productivity and margin initiatives continue to drive good results, and despite a 7% gross headwind due to the adverse currency and tariff costs, we achieved a 10% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. 
Our outlook for 2019 remains positive. This week has brought some noise surrounding the trades tariff dispute situation with China. For now, we have assumed that the second wave of tariffs will increase to 25% as indicated by the administration earlier this week. Shawn will go over this in more detail including the potential upside to our 2019 guidance if the tariffs situation improves. 
We continue to be cautious on the global economy as economic data points have moderated in certain regions. However, we see no evidence of a downturn in our markets to date. We remain focused on execution of our growth initiatives and believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share regardless of market conditions. Assuming market conditions remain favorable, we believe we can generate good earnings growth in 2019. 
Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance, and I will come back later with additional comments on our business.

Thanks, Shawn. 
Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. 
Our lab business continues to perform very well, with 8% local currency sales growth in the quarter, which was against good growth in the prior year. Analytical instruments, pipettes and Process Analytics did particularly well. Market demand is good and this business benefits from disproportionate investments in field resources: Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives and R&D. We also see the nice benefit from good spending in biopharma in our Laboratory business and biopharma is a good example of how our Spinnaker sales and marketing strategy are targeting the most attractive and fastest-growing segments of the market. We serve both the upstream and downstream processes in biopharma that is R&D, quality control, process development, in-line process monitoring, such as bio reactors and pure water analytics. 
Our pipettes Process Analytics and certain analytic instruments, such as UV/VIS and pH benefit from strong market dynamics in biopharma. We have also expanded our offering to biopharma in Process Analytics through new product launches in -- with CO2 sensors to monitor bio production and new in-line micro bio detection for pure water solution. Our AutoChem business had also expanded their solutions in process development targeted to large molecules. 
Finally, our biotech acquisition expanded our offering into biopharma market as this the launch of UV/VIS few years ago.
Overall, we would expect lab to have strong growth in the second quarter and good growth in the remainder of the year, although they will face tougher comparisons in the back of the year.
Our Industrial business did quite well in the quarter. Product inspection was up 6% in the quarter, a little better than we expected. We have put the internal challenges we faced last year behind us with our Move and Blue Ocean implementation. We continue to feel very good about this business over the medium term but have not seen large packaged food companies to return to investment mode. We think it will take a little longer for this to develop. While we expect full year sales and product inspection to be in the mid-single digit range, we expect growth in the second quarter will be below Q1. 
Core Industrial did very well in the quarter with growth of 9% in local currency. We had some project activity in transportation and logistics but even excluding this benefit, our Industrial business grew quite well. We were particularly pleased to see another quarter of solid growth in each region with particular strong results in Europe and China. Our Core Industrial business is benefiting from our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs as well as product innovation and strong execution from our teams. Overall, we would expect continued good growth for core Industrial for remainder of the year.
Although we wouldn't expect it to be at the level of Q1 and will face a difficult comparisons in Q4.
The final piece of our company is the retail business which was down 5% in the quarter. Similar to the comments I made last quarter, we are not overly concerned given that we manage this business for profitability, not sales growth. We would expect further sales decline in Q2 and probably a little worse than in Q1. For full year, we would expect Food Retailing to be down low single digits. Overall, Food Retailing is a little more challenging than we had expected the last time we spoke given the softness in this market and the timing of customer investments.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Europe did very well with 9% growth in the quarter. Lab had good growth and product inspection, Food Retailing also had good growth. As already mentioned, Core Industrial had excellent growth in Europe. 
Turning to the Americas, lab had very good growth while core Industrial had solid growth. Product inspection was up slightly, while retail was down significantly as previously mentioned. Finally, Asia/Rest of the World had another quarter of very strong growth. All business lines did well. China had another quarter of excellent growth, both lab and Industrial were up double digits. One final comment on the business, service had great growth in the quarter, up 8% in local currency. We had excellent growth in both lab and Industrial, reflecting traction on our growth initiatives surrounding service. We also benefited a bit from the timing of Easter. 
That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business. Two additional topics I want to cover briefly today. Our initiatives surrounding investments in field resources as well as update on our productivity and cost initiatives in Stern Drive.
We continue to make great progress in our sales force activities, specifically in generating more leads and recognizing more penetration gap opportunities. We want to continue to invest to capitalize on these opportunities. We are now in their fifth year of our Field Turbo program, in which we invest front-end resources in markets where we are underpenetrated in specific product lines. We are complementing our Field Turbo investments by also increasing our front-end resources by shifting market organization resources from nonselling, nonservice activities to front and field activities. Internally, we refer to this program as Shift 5, which targets a 5% shift in our market organization resources to more productive growth activities over a 3-year period. Some examples of resource shifting we are doing, we move sales and service back-office functions to field, telesales and inside sales resources in high potential strategic business units. We are shifting service technicians from less profitable business areas to higher growth, higher potential business. We also shifting our marketing and IT and logistic resources to more front-end growth areas. A fundamental part of our continuous improvement focus is reallocation of resources to our most attractive markets. Going hand in hand with shifting more resources to the front-end and to the most attractive markets is furthering our initiatives surrounding optimizing our overall sales force activities.
Central to our sales and marketing strategies to gain share in our fragmented market is the efficient use of our front-end sales team. 
We continue to further our sales force guidance programs which utilize our sales resources in a sophisticated, go-to-market approach that capitalizes on big data analytics to guide our sales reps to the most promising market opportunities. I'm pleased with the continued development of these sales and marketing programs and initiatives.
On the cost side, we have made great progress on Stern Drive, our global program for continuous improvement in supply chain, manufacturing and back-office functions. Since the launch 2 years ago, we have completed more than 700 projects and we have annual targeted cost savings of approximately $20 million. While Stern Drive focuses on cost savings, we also focus on cost avoidance at the front-end of our product development. We have developed initiatives surrounding value engineering, which is -- also incorporates design for x. The x stands for areas including manufacturing, assembly, logistics or service. By developing and using standard parts and modular design and integrating, assembling our service requirements into the design of our product, we can avoid nonvalue added activities and reduce costs. 
Value engineering focuses on the product, specifically, how we can generate the highest functionality for our customers at the lowest cost. We are still in the early stages of value engineering and expect to see additional developments in the future. 
That concludes our prepared comments. We're very pleased with the strong start to the year. Assuming market conditions remain favorable, we believe we are well positioned to generate good sales growth, capture market share and deliver strong earnings growth. With that, I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Ross, it's more the latter one and I'd say so because when I look at our business mix today in China, we are less exposed to the manufacturing side -- sector and, particularly, discrete manufacturing sector that is more exposed than again to the export business. So I feel really that we have today a very favorable business mix in China with many industries that we serve that will depend on the domestic demand rather than export business. But of course, the global economy could be impacted here. We would probably see the effects throughout Asia, not just China. I think South East Asia, Japan, but also Europe would be impacted if this has further escalation.

I think the challenge is a temporary one. I mean long term, I think actually, this business offers excellent growth. The market dynamics are very good. We are very well positioned. And so I'm very positive about this business. It's a business that I think will contribute above the group average in terms of growth. But the things that you just mentioned will continue to have an impact here for a few more quarters. I don't think this is an immediate turnaround of the market environment. But I don't also want to portray here that the whole market is just challenging. For example in emerging markets, in Asia, we had good growth and I expect this to go on. But maybe in the West, it's where you have big companies there. We feel it -- particularly where we feel it is the global roll outs. We had in the past this big global companies that were committed to very significant investments for global roll outs. We see fewer of these and that's the kind of impact that we have to go through, particularly this year.

Yes. Hey, I definitely feel that team is executing very well. We have these different programs in place, and they very well resonate also in Europe. All this topics that I mentioned at the end of the prepared remarks about Spinnaker approach, its sales force guide, big data analytics, very much applies to Europe. And so that's one effect but I don't want to also ignore  the fact that it against an easier comparison. We have a 9% growth. We will not repeat this kind of growth going forward. And if you look at 2-year growth, however, I'm still very pleased. I like it. And particularly because it was across all the core businesses, the lab did very well, Core Industrial did excellent and product inspection actually did also well. So happy about that. And last, I would also mentioned there was a certain Easter impact that helped us this year. Yes.

So the way you need to look at it -- this is a multiyear program that we are running here. We have started with the Field Turbo program already a few years ago, and then started to expand it with the Shift 5 program. The way I look at it is how many additional field resources we have versus the previous year as a combined program. And here, we are talking about roughly 200 resource for 2019. This is not so different to what we did in the past, and I would -- in that sense, I'm not suggesting that this is -- you can see an incremental benefit that is not already built into the guidance or I'm not suggesting here that you will see a further acceleration next year. It's a part of our overall Spinnaker 5 program and it's an enabler also for all the other things that we are doing. Internally, we -- when we look at these programs, we look at reasonable payback times because sometimes you have some pre-investments like recruiting and so on. But yes, it's not -- this would be on top of what we have budgeted or guided.

I think we are well positioned here. Mettler-Toledo is viewed as a local company in China. We have been there for so many years. We have excellent relationships. We have so many plants there. So I feel really confident on that side and the fact that we have -- as a company, we have always been viewed as a global company -- there is this Swiss element in it. So I'm not worried about that. It's -- we are well positioned also in terms of well differentiated products. They've not -- we will not be easily substituted. I think the bigger topic is just the economic development, the global economic evolution.

Just one additional comment and I wanted to make in China about this whole trade. Of course, there is currency movements that also come with that. We talked about global recession but the currency movements are always very important too and can have ripple effect on other economies, including the Southeast Asia economics and so on. So I just wanted to also highlight that effect. Now back to pharma, life science industry. What I tried to highlight here is the prepared script is particularly also the subsegment of biopharma. Often we have in previous calls, talked about the pharma and the life science customers of us. In this call, I highlighted the biopharma because, of course, that's one that has a particular dynamic and a good growth momentum. And I wanted to share with you that we have a nice exposure there, that it's growing nice. We have, for example, the Process Analytics business where it's a very significant share. That business has been growing very nicely for us for many years. And we benefit that there's a lot of investments going in biotech and in particular, also on the production side. We -- in terms of investment in these and returns, I think this is a gradual thing. We are, today, with our sales force programs in place, with our shift resources and so on, we all are focusing more on pharma, chemical and food industry. And I think that's one of the benefits that we translate in good growth that we have here in Q1 and previous quarters. It's multiple effect. I would be hard-pressed to give you a specific number that would just come from pharma or biopharma in isolation.

Yes. So we don't specifically break out within a business line. But I certainly can share that the service business continues to outperform the product side, that's a trend that we have now for many years. And service does actually, particularly well it's also very nicely profitable. We care very much about the service business and product inspection because it's a key differentiator that we have. You might remember when we were down in Tampa 
for the Investor Day, we had also a session on the topic where we highlighted the fact that we have about in U.S., for example, 7x more service technicians than our nearest competitor. That's a unique differentiation and so part of the package. So again, this is going very well and nicely profitable. In terms of the exact impact of the large food companies and their evolution, no, I could not give you here a specific breakout. It's -- I would want to refer to the point that I made before about this big global rollout that are missing. It's on an individual account and local size. It's less of a topic. It's more the global rollout that are missing at this point.

Yes. We never really know if we are early or late cycle and all of these things. It's really difficult to measure. I think first, we need to look at us on a comparable basis, I talked before about how Europe and core Industrial was extremely strong, but it was against a little bit weaker comparisons. But I am very happy how we do in Industrial. I think it's a reflection of a good execution in the market organization. We have also a very strong product portfolio. We have this effect that I mentioned before, so that it's focused more on pharma can food that it is playing out. So different factors. I wouldn't attribute it too much to the economic cycle.

We still feel the same as we -- when we talked last time. Actually, we are recognizing that there are clouds out there, but it's not that we are seeing it in our numbers. I feel confident with early indicators. What I hear from my teams pretty much around the world is actually positive, is encouraging. But we do recognize that things are fragile when it comes to the economy and that there are signs, like PMI, things like that, that are -- that could make us feel a little bit more cautious. I think we are alert, we are agile to react if anything would happen. But we have no internal indications, and that's why we continue to invest. That's why I was talking about Field Turbo's and all these things. Very confident in that sense about what the upside is. But prepared if things would change.

Interestingly, the bio piece is the [ origin ] and the core of Process Analytics. I know it well because I started there 18 years ago. It was the pH measurement, in-line measurement with pH and very much this was a parameter used in the fermentation particularly for bio reactors but then also in the beer industry and that has always been an important customer segment for us. And there are parallels between the beer industry and the bio reaction industry with cell growth. And pH measurement and [dissolved]  Oxygen have always been a strength of ours. We are clearly the leader in that segment. And then over the years, we have expanded the portfolio and we have added  for example, CO2 measurement, which is a similar technology, but we have also added TLC, for example, and more recently --  [ bioburden ] and these are parameters that you use to -- for water purity, and the water purity is very important in pharmaceutical processes, but including also in the bio processes. So the answer is we have been in this business for a long time and we have benefited from the growth of that industry not just in the recent quarters but actually in the recent years. We are also in the business of the single use bags where we provide the sensor for. And I think we highlighted it just on this call because there are multiple products within the Mettler-Toledo portfolio, not just Process Analytics that goes into that end-user industry, we feel that we have actually also good marketing programs to it. We have good databases. And we wanted to highlight it because it had a little bit more attention in the analyst and investor community in recent quarters.

Not really. No. We -- basically, we have prepared ourselves with safety stock, absolutely. But from a customer standpoint, I have no indication at all and I visited actually the U.K. just a few weeks ago, and this was a non-topic with the team. In general, I'm surprised how the Brexit, so far, has a limited impact on our business, other than what we take precautions of safety stock. But from a customer's reaction, not much impact. It's also not that we see that many of our customers are shutting down their investments or so, lucky enough not too much impact.

So the big majority of our business also for Process Analytics is direct but there are relationship with system integrators that are building whole plants. And for single use applications, we are working with multiple companies in that space. However, it's always important, even when we go to any system integrators or partners or so, the decision are normally done by the end user and in that sense we have, strong relationship with the end user and the end users know the Mettler-Toledo brand very well.

Let's say, I feel we are a strong leader in all these applications. Again, this fermentation, bio reactor for the specific parameters, the specific analytical parameters, we are viewed as a global leader.