Thanks, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I am pleased to report another quarter of very strong results. Customer demand was robust and our growth initiatives continue to be very effective. Our teams throughout the world are executing very well. 
I want to give a special acknowledgment to our global supply chain team, which is navigating a myriad of challenges with respect to raw materials, components and transportation. Our ability to continue to meet heightened customer demand while overcoming the dynamic challenges in the supply chain is proving to be a competitive advantage in this environment. 
Now let me turn to our financial results. The highlights are on Page 3 of the presentation, and you can see we had another very favorable quarter. Local currency sales was 16%, and we had broad-based growth in all regions. Our Laboratory business had excellent growth and our industrial product lines also performed very well. Food retail was a headwind, drove overall sales growth as we had significant decline in the quarter. 
With our strong sales growth and good execution, we achieved a 19% growth in adjusted operating income and a 24% increase in adjusted EPS. Cash flow generation was very strong in the quarter. Our end markets remain favorable, and our strategic initiatives are very effective at capturing growth. Our Spinnaker sales and marketing approach provides the framework to identify and pursue the most attractive market segments while also increasing our sales force exposure to the most strategic customers. 
We also continue to invest in the strength and breadth of our product portfolio, further extending our technology lead and reinforcing customer trust through our global service offering, which supports customers' productivity. We have several -- we have successfully navigated the challenges of the global supply chain to date, but are cautious as demand dynamics remain challenging and conditions can change rapidly. 
Although pockets of uncertainty exists in the global economy, we believe we are ideally positioned to gain market share. With proven strategies, good demand in our end markets and continued focused execution on our growth and margin initiatives, we believe we are in an excellent position to deliver strong results in 2021 and 2022. 
Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financial and guidance details, and then I will come back with some additional commentary on the business, and our outlook for next year. Shawn?

Thanks, Sean. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. 
Our Lab business had outstanding growth in the third quarter despite having more challenging comparisons than it faced in the first half of the year. Almost all product lines and regions had very strong growth. We expect good growth in the fourth quarter, but it won't be the same level we have seen year-to-date. As we look at 2022, we expect the strong biopharma trends to continue to be favorable and expect other end markets to do well, but we won't benefit from catch-up demand segments like chemical that we benefited from this year. 
We also expect a bit of headwind in our pipette business from lower COVID testing activity. Overall, we believe we are well positioned to continue to capture growth and gain market share in our Laboratory business. An additional nice development within our Lab business is that we obtained a $36 million grant from the U.S. Department of Defense to expand our pipette tip production in California. We estimate that by the end of 2023, we will expand our global tip production by approximately 15% and the grant will also allow us to enhance manufacturing, automation and warehouse and logistics surrounding tips. We are happy with this grant, which allows us to cost effectively increase tip capacity while at the same time, improving productivity. 
Turning to our Industrial business. Core Industrial did well in the third quarter as we are benefiting from some catch-up in demand and have been well positioned to benefit from increasing trends in automation and digitalization. Core Industrial should have a solid fourth quarter. We will face tougher comparisons in core Industrial in 2022, but expect to continue to drive market share gains overall. 
Product Inspection grew 13% in the quarter. Growth was especially strong in the Americas. We expect good growth in the fourth quarter and we are cautiously optimistic about solid growth in 2022 as we should benefit from some pent-up investments from large packaged food customers and our strong product portfolio. 
Finally, Food Retail declined 19% with pronounced declines in Americas and Asia and Rest of the World. Our production was impacted by shortages of electronic components as these products use more standardized components that are also used in consumer electronic products. We were also impacted by the timing of project activity. We would expect Food Retail to also decline in the fourth quarter. We are not forecasting much growth in 2022 as we continue to manage this business for profitability. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 10% in the quarter with very strong growth in Lab. We would expect solid growth in Europe in 2022 against very good growth in 2021. Americas increased 20% in the quarter with excellent growth in Lab, core Industrial and Product Inspection. As mentioned earlier, Food Retail was down significantly in the Americas. While we will face challenging comparisons in the Americas in 2022, we expect overall good growth. 
Finally, Asia and the Rest of the World grew 16% in the quarter with outstanding growth in Laboratory and good growth in Product Inspection. Core Industrial also did well. China had good growth, particularly given the strong growth in the prior year. We expect good growth in China in Q4 and in 2022, although it won't be at the same level we have seen year-to-date. We continue to feel good about China over the medium term, but acknowledge that there can be volatility in the shorter term. We are very strongly positioned in China, and the team is executing well. 
One final comment on the business. Service and Consumables performed well and were up 12% in the quarter. We continue to be very pleased with the growth of -- in this important and profitable part of the business. That concludes my comments on the business. And now let me provide some context on our 2022 guidance. 
We believe we are emerging from this pandemic as a stronger company and are further distancing ourselves from competition in several ways. During the last 2 years, we have accelerated our digital transformation in sales and marketing. We had already started on this path, but the disruption from COVID-19 allowed us to significantly accelerate our digital approach. Our use of eDemos, our vast and expanded digital library of selling materials, further development of selling guides and greater utilization of telesales and telemarketing resources are clear differentiators for remote selling. 
And while we expect our face-to-face customer interactions to continue to increase in 2022, these digital tools allow us to expand our customer reach in a cost-effective manner. In addition to the digital gains in sales and marketing, we have also made great strides in sharpening our focus on the most attractive market segments, allowing us to accelerate market share gains. Increasing sophistication in data analytics is fundamental to our ability to guide our sales force to the best growth opportunities. We continue to provide what we refer to internally as Top K alerts. These alerts provide tailored actionable information about potential sales opportunities, which our market organizations qualify and integrate into the territory planning and target setting. We see the trend for greater use and sophistication of data analytics continuing in 2022 and beyond. 
Our global service network and our ability to continue to service our customers during this period has led to steady increases in customer satisfaction. Service keeps us close to customers, builds trust and the customer is much more likely to purchase additional products if they utilize our service offering. We continue to develop service tailored specific to customer needs. For example, we quickly developed a service tool for customers who utilize analytical balances and quality control to meet new requirements from the European pharmacopeia that goes into effect in January. 
In addition, as software is becoming an integral part of our solutions, harmonized services for software are becoming increasingly important. A new service offering supports our instrument control software LabX to enable customers to achieve consistent performance and meet regulatory compliance. These are just 2 examples. We have many more within our portfolio. We believe service will continue to provide a good opportunity for growth and differentiation from our competitors, and we use the same data analytics approach to leverage service opportunities within our installed base. 
New product development also continues to be core to our growth potential. I am excited about the many launches that will take place over the coming year. Our product pipeline continues to be very strong and product launches reinforce our technology leadership. While most product and software development will continue to be done in-house, we will also complement this with small acquisitions like the one we completed in October. 
We acquired a software company Scale Up Systems, which is the leading provider of scale-up and reaction modeling software for pharma and chemical customers. It is a great addition to our AutoChem offering. And we now have a comprehensive offering for process development and scale-up for the pharma and chemical industries. 
Turning now to supply chain and margin initiatives. As already mentioned, our supply chain team has shown tremendous agility in adapting to very dynamic market conditions and continuing to support customers. There are risks and increasing inflationary pressures in the supply chain and transportation and logistics markets. We have mitigation strategies in place to help offset and believe we can continue to manage effectively, but are cautious as conditions can change quickly. 
Our pricing program and Stern Drive productivity initiatives have good traction and will help us to offset inflationary pressures that we will likely continue to face in the coming months. I trust this provides some context to our guidance and shows the confidence we have in our ability to continue to capture growth, gain market share, and deliver solid earnings growth in 2021 and in 2022 and beyond. 
I would now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Well, right, Shawn. If I may add a little flavor here is for both businesses for Lab and for the Industrial business, look, the investments in Lab is really driven by investments in new lab investments and research that we see in China and that's a very healthy business for us. I think our team is exceptionally well positioned to serve that market with our products that we have, high end as well as local products that we manufacture in China. So we think we have the right portfolio to really continue to see growth in the Lab side as well. 
And on Industrial, the demand in China is actually not similar from what we see in the rest of the world. There is a lot of demand for automation and productivity solutions. And with our industry solutions, especially new products that we also launched like the Industry 360 Troemner, et cetera, we are extremely well positioned to help our customers to drive productivity and automation. And we see -- what I'm hearing from China is that demand will not continue to slow down. They continue to upgrade their installed systems, and they're looking for ways to become more productive.

I can take that. Look, we are very pleased with the business. And I mean, the Tampa side is really operating extremely well. The output is great. They are really -- we see strong demand for the products. I think the operations is running at full capacity right now. So we have no concerns with regard of the operations from that side. I think it's a very effective side. When we consolidated a couple of sites a couple of years ago in Tampa, of course, there was some initial effort to pull everything together. But now I think we are very well positioned to serve the market with that site. 
In terms of the demand for Q4, actually, we see still very good momentum for PI. And also, as I said, looking forward in 2022, we are cautiously optimistic there is additional to pent-up demand in the market that we can continue to serve. We have an extremely strong product portfolio. We just recently launched a couple of new additions to the portfolio, which underlines our technology leadership in the market and we continue to also do that in China as well. In China, we launched actually just a quarter ago product, what we call the X12 system, which is a mid-range market system, to help us to also serve the mid-range market in China and is also a great door opener for us and helps us upselling other products as well.

Can you repeat it? Can we expect -- sorry, we didn't get it. Can -- what was the question?

Okay. I can take it. Sorry, we didn't get a part about supply chain. Look, for the Lab business, actually, we don't really expect a bigger impact in the fourth quarter than we have seen in Q3. It is a very dynamic situation, as I said, out there. both in transport and logistics on the material supply side for the product -- for the products we have in Lab. We are not as exposed as we are in the Retail business. So we are not overly concerned for the Lab business, to be honest.

Good. Thanks, Derik. That's an excellent question. Look, it's a really good question, but you have to look at it also from 2 different angles. And you mentioned both the digital approaches as well as the field turbos. We see a lot of demand out there and as well actually invested quite a bit this year in Field Turbo. So we made significant investments there, putting more feet on the street because we saw the demand and actually it's paying back very quickly for us. It's great returns. And on the digital side, we continue to move our digital engine overall, whether it's the marketing engine, whether it's direct sales engine, et cetera. We are very effective on that. It has been -- it has also provided for us great returns. And we will always have both -- we always see both approach we have in direct consultative sales force, which is interactive with customers for our very dedicated higher-end product, et cetera, that also need more consultative selling. 
And then we have -- we continue to build out our digital capabilities to serve more transactional sales and continue to strengthen our digital marketing capabilities. I think this year, we did a significant number, more webinars and other things to interact with customers, which has been extremely well received. It's a great tool for us to increase leads despite all the SCA things that we do. So we are -- again, I think we are very well positioned. We made great strides forward during the pandemic. It actually accelerated a lot of investments, and we see great returns on that. Again, I'm always looking at the business, I'm monitoring a number of fleets that are generated by these capabilities, and we are very pleased of how well they perform and how well they are received by our customers.

So what's the question specifically, what type of revenues are linked to -- So look, it's -- the software company we acquired, Scale-up Systems, is not a large company, but it complements our portfolio in AutoChem specifically very well. We are a very strong player in AutoChem that business has been growing double digit for a long time now. We are extremely pleased with that. And we still see the combinations of our existing portfolio together with these new software capabilities they require that we continue to serve -- can serve our customers and additional customers much better in the future. 
We will have a much better reach into regions where Scale-up Systems couldn't go with their sales force. I think it's a very well-received solution by the customers, and we have received also very positive feedback by the existing customers of Scale-up Systems on the acquisition of all. They see that 1 plus 1 actually equals more than 2 in this regard. So -- and then to your other part, in terms of the other part of the question here is in terms of bolt-on acquisitions, yes, we will continue down that line. I mean, we've mentioned that, I think, in every call that we continue to make bolt-on acquisitions either in technology areas where we see we need technologies that complement our strength or if it's other parts of the portfolio that we think are necessary in terms of the overall customer workflows. But these are small or medium-sized acquisitions and nothing huge transformational.

Yes. Good questions, Josh. So Product Inspection, as I said, we are very pleased with the current quarter, Shawn said -- just gave you the growth for Q4, how we think about that high single digits. We see demand in the Americas. We see good demand also in Europe. China, again, is -- has momentum as well. I mentioned that we have launched a new product there just a quarter ago. Overall, there is some pent-up demand. The pent-up demand is probably more -- I think we're seeing currently more in the U.S. And if I look at the order situation, as well as the lead to getting it, we have actually pretty high lead activity right now. We see a lot of folks requests, both from Europe and the U.S., but I would say even higher in the U.S. than in Europe. 
So with that, having said that, we are, again, cautiously optimistic about 2022, that we can capture that pent-up demand. We are well positioned for our product portfolio. And also, we are -- in terms of our manufacturing capabilities, I think we are operating very well, very effective. We have not seen a lot of impact on the supply chain side for that product line. So in terms of exposure to semiconductors and components, et cetera, it's not as exposed as we mentioned it for retail.

Very good question. Look, as I said, we are extremely pleased with the performance of service and consumer. So that is a very profitable part of the business for us. In terms of growth rate for services, think about it mid- to maybe high, it could turn as high single digits, more mid-single-digit growth rate. Consumables is higher right now. We are, of course, continuing to broaden that portfolio moving forward, both on the consumable side for our products, but we're also increasingly providing higher-value services for our products, and I mentioned the one example, for the European pharmacopeia solution out there that we just launched. 
That is -- I think we have a lot of opportunities for our installed base of products that we have out there to increase service contracts overall and provide more differentiated services to our customers. We serve a lot of our products, but there's, of course, also competition in some areas like the scale areas. We -- I think we are positioning ourselves also in the future by providing higher sophisticated services, preventive maintenance and other things, a very comprehensive inventory management as well solutions as well. So very optimistic about the growth opportunity. Again, we are very well positioned in terms of the competitive position as we are also linking our software solutions to our hardware solutions and services, and that makes it more difficult for competitors also to take over some of the services that we can exclusively provide some of our products.

Yes. Good question. Look, Stern Drive has many flavors. It's about back office automation ideas, it's manufacturing setup ideas. It's -- in some areas, it's product redesign. And we -- it's a program that has been running for many years, and the team is actually going through several waves of Stern Drive, we call them internal new ways. We just launched the next way this year. The team has come up with whole a long list of good ideas that we just recently our head of auto fulfillment top line chain showed us the potential of all these activities. 
We had some concerns this year that our Stern Drive activities could be impacted actually by all the other activities given that were necessary given the restrictions we have seen in the market, logistics challenges, et cetera. But I'm happy to say the team didn't skip a beat there, and they actually delivered on the promised savings that they have promised us for 2021 as well, which helps us to also counter some of the inflationary pressures. 
Now do we make a significant shift in terms of the activities, given the logistics challenges right now? I would say no because, again, they are very focused on productivity gains, on sometimes product redesigns, driving productivity and efficiency, we have -- on the supply chain side, we have a dedicated team in place who tackled all the other logistical challenges on the supply chain side, like shipments and shipment alternatives, et cetera, access to different suppliers when it comes to components. We have dedicated resources who constantly screen the market for best opportunities for supply. 
I think this is also why we probably came through this crisis so far very well, not having a lot of issues with component shortages except for retail that we mentioned, but in other areas where we also use semiconductors. I think the team has been very effective in finding alternatives and also working closely with the internal engineering teams in case we would have to redesign products and use alternative products. I think it's working very well. I mean it was a long-winded answer, but overall we are extremely pleased with Stern Drive. I think it's still a lot of runway. We're driving this with a constant improvement process mindset. And again, we have dedicated teams in all of our major sites who capture these opportunities.