Thanks, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I am pleased to host the call tonight, which we are doing from Switzerland as Shawn and Mary are here with me, too. I'm excited to report another quarter of excellent results. Several factors contributed to these results. First, demand in our markets was very strong and broad-based. Second, we were able to capture these growth opportunities as a key priority since the onset of the pandemic was to stay close -- in close contact with our customers and be strongly positioned once customer demand recovered. And finally, the teams around the world have done an excellent job in execution and customer support. Our supply chain team has had more than the share of challenges due to part availability and logistics complications while our market organizations have executed well to meet increasing customer demands. Our teams have shown resiliency and agility in an environment where conditions change rapidly.
Now let me turn to our financial results. The highlights are on Page 3 of the presentation and you can see we had a great quarter. Local currency sales growth was 27%, and we had very strong broad-based growth in all regions and most product lines. With the exception with this exceptional sales growth and combined with focused execution of our margin initiatives, we achieved a 45% growth in adjusted operating income and 53% increase in adjusted EPS. Cash flow generation was excellent in the quarter. Demand in our end markets remains positive, although our growth for the remainder of the year will reflect more challenging comparisons than we had in the first half of the year. We are making incremental investments, which will position us very well for future growth. We remain confident that we can continue to gain market share and deliver strong results in 2021 and beyond.
Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance details, and then I will come back with some additional commentary on the business. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me make some comments on our operating businesses, starting with Lab, which had an outstanding growth of 35% in the quarter. Pipettes had excellent growth. all other major product categories also had robust sales growth and growth in all regions was very strong. Biopharma continues to be very favorable and continuing the trend we saw in the first quarter, we see strong customer demand in other segments such as chemical. We expect demand for our laboratory products to continue to be positive due to favorable biopharma trends, vaccine research and bioproduction scale-up and production. While we faced tougher comparisons in the second half of the year, we remain confident we can continue to capture share, given the strength of our product portfolio and continued execution of our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. In terms of our industrial business, core industrial did very well in the quarter with a 27% increase in sales. All 3 regions of the world had robust core industrial growth. Improving market conditions, including some benefit from pent-up demand, combined with the strength and diversity of our product portfolio and our focus on attractive market segments contributed to the strong results. Similar to my comments on laboratory, we will face tougher comparisons for the second half of the year, but our outlook and our confidence in gaining market share remains positive for this business. Product Inspection had increased momentum and solid sales growth of 9% in the quarter. We saw good growth in all regions. We expect good growth in product inspection for the remainder of the year as we are gaining better access to our customer facilities and believe we will benefit from some pent-up demand in the business. Food retailing grew 9% in the quarter.
Let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 23% in the quarter with excellent growth in lab, core industrial and food retail. Americas increased 29% in the quarter with excellent growth in lab and core industrial. Product Inspection did well in the Americas, while food retail declined. Finally, Asia and the rest of the world grew 28% in the quarter with outstanding growth in Laboratory and Industrial. As you hear from Shawn, China had another quarter of stellar growth. We would expect another good quarter of growth in Q3 in China, although not at the same level of the first half as China faces more challenging comparisons. We are strongly positioned in China, and the team is executing very well.
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables performed very well and were up 23% in the quarter. We are very happy with the growth in this important and profitable part of the business.
That concludes my comments on the business. With our better-than-expected sales growth in the first half, we are making incremental investments for future growth. These investments are centered on innovation and operational excellence. In product development, in our manufacturing facilities and in our corporate programs such as Spinnaker sales and marketing. Let me give you some recent examples, starting with product development, where we have a proven track record of launching market-leading technologies. It all stems from our deep knowledge of customer processes and what our solutions can do to enhance or improve these processes. We think of innovation in product development as customer-centric rather than technology-centric. We are focused on the specific value of our solutions can provide to customers, for example, in terms of productivity, compliance-related matters, safety or data integrity. On the website, we have recently launched our newest version of our LabX instrument control and data management software. This latest vision fully supports the lab digitalization, and with the strong adoption of our customer base, we have doubled the number of instruments that can be networked. LabX increases our customers' productivity by speeding up daily work through the management of data and development of workflows. It enhances security and compliance, ensuring data quality and full data traceability. Finally, LabX helps reduce complexity in asset managers data, assets and workflow centrally and seamlessly integrates into laboratory data management systems such as LIMS. Software is progressively becoming a deciding factor for customers in choosing a supplier for Benchtop lab solutions. With the increasing importance of software, LabX is helping to position us as a trusted adviser for certain global pharma customers as we meet their demands for instruments, service and software. While lab receives the greater share of R&D investments, we also have some great examples of new products on the industrial side, including a best-in-class industrial terminal, which provides fully integrated weighing applications for -- with the industry's fastest processing speed. Similarly, we launched new load cell technology in our product inspection business, which provides industry-leading checkweighing throughputs with maximum precision. Both of these products provide value by increasing customers' productivity. New products highlight our deep and great knowledge of our customers' processes and pain points and allow us to lead the market with technology to provide specific value to customers. We are also investing in our manufacturing facilities to boost productivity. Last quarter, we rolled out significant automation in our pipette and tip harvesting process, resulting in a meaningful increase in yield per molding machine. This quarter, we are unveiling a new expanded clean room for our pipette manufacturing as well as inaugurating a new facility for our secondary brand, Biotix, that will expand our pipette and tip manufacturing capacity and efficiency. We are also launching a project for our Process Analytics business in the U.S. to optimize production and its warehouse layout, which will yield improvements in material flow, in productivity and production capacity. We also continue to invest in innovation in our corporate programs. You have seen over many years for tremendous innovation in our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs. A current priority area for us is maximizing our cross-selling capabilities. Because we utilize a specialized sales force, cross-selling techniques are different than what you might hear from companies that have -- that use a more generalist sales force approach. Our goal is to use data analytics to identify customer sites in which we have low cross-selling penetration. We then use contacts and references to develop warm and hot leads to other product categories. It involves data and qualification analytics, and these leads have proven to be very effective in converting to sales. Another innovative techniques we are using to stay fully engaged with customer is greater use of webinars. In the past, we would conduct a few hundred webinars annually. While our goal this year is to launch 2,000 webinars in local languages, which helps to overcome the limitations we face with customer interactions due to the pandemic. We have professionalized the delivery of the webinars and have expanded our topics to include items such as compliance, productivity, Industry 4.0 and data integrity. From a customer's perspective, webinars are very cost and time-efficient while still allowing for interactions with experts from various businesses. Our supply chain team and pricing team are also demonstrating a high level of innovation. For our supply chain team, agility continues to be a necessity in overcoming the many challenges of the current environment. At the same time, they also continue to make excellent progress on Stern Drive, our corporate initiative to continuously improve and drive world-class operations and supply chain. Stern Drive comprises several hundred projects throughout manufacturing and back-office operations, focused on material cost reductions, shop floor productivity and back office productivity.
Finally, the pricing team also shown great resilience and agility in reacting to inflationary pressures. They moved quickly earlier this year to implement certain midyear price changes and at the same time, they continue to work strategically on some pricing initiatives to help improve the efficiency and effectiveness of life quotes to customers. Incorporating data analytics into upfront processes will make quoting more effective and easier and more efficient for our salespeople. These are just a few of many examples we have internally in which we continue to move our initiatives to another level. We recently held a virtual leadership meeting with senior leaders from around the world with the theme of doubling down to drive growth. What we emphasize to our senior leaders and to you today is we have a great strategy in place, and we'll execute on it in an even more determined way than before. We will continue to invest in innovation to double down on enhancing our initiatives that are the foundation of our future growth. We remain confident that our strategies are effective in capturing market share and driving sales and operating profit.
That concludes our prepared remarks, and I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Shawn, if I might add. Sorry there, actually wanted to add to Shawn's comments here about the regions. I think we have definitely good opportunities across around the world. But we also just recently launched a new mid-range version for the X-ray detection in China, which was actually specifically initially developed for the Chinese market to be very competitive in the midrange market. So we are looking also with quite some optimism on that development in China as well.

Well, I'll start, and I'll let Shawn also chime in here. So again, we're very pleased, of course, with the momentum in lab. I think a lot of it is based on our outstanding portfolio that we have that we continue to improve. And you hear in my comments as well about the new products we just recently launched. There is very strong demand across all regions in the lab business. As you know, over time, we have increased our share in lab as a total part of the business significantly over the last years, and that will most likely continue as the underlying momentum in the end markets is also very strong. I mean a lot of it is driven by the life sciences market where we see a lot of adoption of our products. Our AutoChem business is doing extremely well and is adopted also in new segments like battery manufacturing and better development for e-mobility. So we are very confident in our lab growth, and that will probably moving forward, given also the strong link to biopharma, be the 1  segment that will continue to lead the growth for all of the businesses. Shawn, anything you want to add?

Yes. Let me talk to that, Tycho. So on the supply chain, supply chain side is just -- I would say the supplier situation is particularly challenging with respect to electronics. That's probably the most concerning part for us right now, and you hear it also from a different part of industries. In that regard, we are also facing longer lead times. We are starting to battle obsolescence issues. We have short-term notices from our suppliers which then will require also R&D teams to jump in and to redesign some of the products. On top of that, transportation and logistics, as Shawn said, are also challenging for our team. We do see bottlenecks and delays there. However, we are really diligently working on these topics to help offset. In terms of mitigation strategies, again, on material shortages, what we do for electronic components, some of it is redesigning short term our products to make sure that we can deliver. We have been very successful so far. I would say we have been very successful fulfilling our customer demand this quarter. But it's definitely locking in more resources than we initially thought. And we also, of course, as Shawn said, we are facing some price increases on components -- electronic components, for example, which go now through prorate situations, where you just have to pay much higher prices than you used to. And that impacts us a little bit on the gross margin side as well. Moving forward, we are closely monitoring the situation. Again, we have team prepared with mitigation strategies in case situations get more tricky, but it's hard to predict where it might hit you next. Again, we are most exposed currently on some of the electronic parts. Some of it will more impact retail for Q3 as well as retailers leveraging also components that are used in consumer electronics and those are under most pressure right now. So again, there are several areas where we have to tackle these issues. We have the right teams in place. And of course, we are also trying different ways to supply material for Q3, I think it will not be so far, but we see not be a major one, but we are on our toes to make sure that we can react as quickly as possible if the situation gets more intense.

Sure. Thanks, Patrick. I'll take that. We are extremely pleased with another quarter of very strong growth for industrial. China has a big impact on core industrial, but we also have seen very strong growth in Europe, in Americas as well. I think Shawn mentioned the fact already that we are not only benefiting from a strong recovery in our end markets, including some pent-up demand here. But we are also capitalizing on the growth with our specific sales and marketing tools around Spinnaker. And we also benefit from our diversity of our product portfolio in our end markets. We see also in China, I would say, particularly in China, some investments, benefits from government investments and our customers, as Shawn said, demand for automation, for connectivity, for digitalization, which plays really well in our product portfolio that we have. So I think this also has clearly lagged. So I think the advantage of our product portfolio is the underlying momentum and the focus on automation and productivity gains will continue -- will help us to continue to drive this momentum. We are extremely pleased with core industrial, especially. And we see some slowdown, of course, in Q4 based on the difficult compares, but we are also looking clearly account are still for us as a continued opportunity to take market share.

Outside of China, look, if you look at Asia Pacific on a broader range, I think we are still in the 20% range in the quarter. So if you would point to some specific countries, we have, for example, Thailand and Malaysia were weaker this quarter. And -- but the rest of it is in a broader base also had pretty healthy growth.

I'll take that. And look, what we're hearing from our customers, they actually love the new ways of -- that we have engaging with them. I mentioned in my remarks upfront, webinars, where we really scaled up significantly. Last year, we did a couple of hundreds of webinars, and we are now digitally going to 2,000 because we see such a strong resonance from our customers on having that information and interaction channel. That on top with a really specialized sales force, which is also fully back in action. It gives us an opportunity to, again, to use our direct sales force to really go also after competitive accounts and new accounts, approaching these with our solutions and their deep knowledge about our product portfolio, but use the broader digital channel also for existing customers and again, broadcasting solutions in a much better way than we could in the past. Our customers, I think, at the moment, if you look at the amount of trade shows that are, for example, available still limited. So they're really looking also to us to say, give us different ways of how you can demonstrate your products in -- if you're not at trade shows, if you cannot attend trade shows so we use digital demos. We have studios and every major site to do virtual product demos, and that has been very well received by our customers. And I trust that it will continue that way. We will have a very complementary setup where our direct sales force will be in terms of consultative selling and product solutions will be on customer sites, but we will use the broader channel and e-commerce channel, also to digitally interface with customers. It will be -- it will drive efficiency gains. Is it cost saving, I would say, it's an efficiency gain for us moving forward. We do not think about this that it's necessarily an opportunity to scale back our sales force. It's again an additional channel and a competitive advantage for us to engage with customers on many different levels, face-to-face interaction as well as digital interaction. By the way, we also scaled up telesales over the last several years, significantly to back up our direct sales force and that has been proven to be very effective as well.

Yes. Thanks, Brandon. That's an excellent question, yes. And it's not totally new, but we're definitely emphasizing it more because look, our product portfolio is broad, it goes across a broader part of the value chain of our customers, all the way from R&D, QC into production scale up and manufacturing. And with Spinnaker, historically, we have been more focused on a very dedicated and prioritized sales force along the different product lines. We are now looking at -- more intensely at cross-selling opportunities in the -- on the customer side and also starting from one existing sales contact on, let's say, a specific R&D contact to make sure that we understand better the customer side in terms of what other opportunities are for us to penetrate in other parts of the customer organization, maybe QC, maybe -- it may be manufacturing, maybe in production scale-up. And we're using then these leads to send basically other dedicated sales team members with the right background and know-how to these other accounts within a customer account. Again, we don't use channel list. We have specialized workforces. And this is where it's now, I would say, different or enhanced from what we have done before. We are -- we have more dedicated initiatives. And actually, as part of the recent leadership team meeting we have, we had this one of the topic across all of the divisional leaders and all of the business and market organization leaders of how we can do this more effectively moving forward to make sure that we capture all of the opportunities that we have at any given customer site.