Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call, which we're doing from China. It is Friday morning for us and Thursday evening for most of you on the phone. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation.
 
We had a good second quarter results. Local currency sales growth was solid, and we are particularly pleased with the excellent growth in our Laboratory business and very solid growth in Core Industrial product lines. Total local currency sales grew 5% in the quarter. Excluding Food Retailing, which declined in the quarter, local currency sales grew 6%. Growth in the Americas and Asia was very good. We had another quarter of good operating margin growth, and despite headwinds from currency and tariffs, we achieved a strong increase in EPS.
 
Turning to the remainder of the year. With the exception of Food Retailing, demand in our markets is favorable and our outlook for the third quarter is positive. As we look towards the end of the year, we acknowledge greater uncertainty due to the deteriorating macroeconomic data and potential unfavorable consequences to the global economy due to trade disputes, particularly between the U.S. and China. We will monitor our markets closely, remain agile and be ready to adapt our plans if necessary. We remain focused on execution of our growth initiatives and believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share regardless of market conditions. Based on market conditions today, we believe we can generate good earnings growth in 2019.
 
Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance, and I will come back later with additional comments on our business.

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our Lab business continued to perform very well with 8% local currency sales growth in the quarter, which was against a good growth in the prior year.
Analytical instruments, pipettes and automated chemistry did particularly well. All 3 regions showed good Lab growth.
 
Our Laboratory business continues to benefit from disproportionate investments in field resources, Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives and R&D investments. We expect market demand to remain favorable and expect good growth in the second half of the year. It won't be quite at the level we had in the first half, principally driven by more challenging comparisons.
 
In terms of our Industrial business, Product Inspection was down slightly in the quarter. This business continues to do well in Asia and we saw better growth in the Americas, but it was more than offset by a decline in our European business. We continue to feel very good about this business over the medium term. We would expect to see growth in the second half of the year, likely in the low to mid-single-digit type range.
 
Core Industrial did quite well in the quarter with growth of 5% in local currency. Growth was good in all regions. We would expect continued solid growth in the third quarter in Core Industrial and then they will face particularly challenging comparisons in the fourth quarter.
 
Finally, Food Retail was down 8% in the quarter. This was slightly worse than we expected. This business faces challenging market demand and the timing of customer projects activity, which is further impacted in that we are managing it for profitability and not for sales growth. We expect market conditions to remain challenging and this business will be down meaningfully this year.
 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. I will start with Europe, which was down slightly in the quarter. Lab and Core Industrial did well, particularly as they were against the tough comparisons from the year earlier period. Both products inspection and retail were down in the quarter. For first half of the year, Europe is up 4%, a level we are very pleased with. For the second half of the year, we continue to believe Europe will be up low single digits, even with retail continuing to be a drag on sales growth, particularly in Q3.
 
Americas had very strong growth in the quarter. Excluding Food Retailing, Americas grew 9% in the quarter. Lab had very strong growth and Product Inspection and Core Industrial had good growth as well. For the remainder of the year, I would expect Americas to grow low to mid-single digits. Absent Food Retailing, we would expect Americas to grow mid-single digits for the full year.
 
Finally, Asia/Rest of the World had another quarter of strong growth. All business lines did well. China had another quarter of very good growth. Lab was again up double digits in China in the quarter, while Industrial was up high single digits. Our outlook for this region remains positive, although we would expect more moderate growth for the second half of the year due to multiyear comparisons.
One final comment on the business. Service had another quarter of good growth in the quarter, up 7% in local currency for both the quarter and first half of the year. That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business.
 
Let me update you on our sales and marketing initiative, on segment newsletters, and then I will also provide some additional insights on our China business. Segment newsletters have long been an important tool and a core part of our Spinnaker sales and marketing approach. Our newsletters build brand awareness and showcase our industry expertise and knowledge of our customer processes. They highlight products and use case studies to discuss the trends and challenges most relevant to specific segment.
 
In total, we create 27 different newsletters covering our Laboratory, Process Analytics, Core Industrial, Product Inspection businesses across 18 different industry segments. These newsletters are workplace-specific, with content customized for decision makers such as chemists, scientists, R&D managers or production engineers. Two editions are published each year and translated in up to 15 languages. Overall, we expect to distribute about 2.5 million copies to our customers each year. This is a good example of the unique capabilities we have developed and fine-tuned with our Spinnaker sales and marketing approach. The newsletters have proven to be an important tool to communicate with our customers and generate interest for our products.
 
Now let me make some additional comments on China. I've been here over the last 1.5 weeks visiting our operations, conducting senior management meetings and we had our Board meeting in the last 2 days. As a reminder, China is approximately 18% of our total sales. China is similar to the overall group in that we have #1 market position in vast majority of our product lines here. Our market share is similar to our global market share, however, our relative market share is higher as we compete against a greater number of smaller competitors. I'm very happy with the team here and the progress and development of our global programs, mainly Spinnaker sales and marketing and investments in field resources. The R&D teams have also made excellent progress in new product development.
 
Lab now represents a little less than half of China sales, not too different than the overall company. I know that there are questions about the generics market here in China and the 4+7 initiative currently underway. A strength of our business here in China and globally is our diversification, while we do sell into the generics markets, it is only one piece of our lab offering here in China. We sell a wide range of products at relatively low price points to various customer segments in a variety of customer applications. While we may encounter weakness in one market segment, we often can make up for it with strength in other segments. Central to capitalizing on this targeting underpenetrated areas and shifting resources to faster growing segments. Within Lab, in China, automated chemistry is a good example of this. AutoChem in China was historically focused on academia, with limited service and pricing potential.
 
Over the last several years, we have shifted the focus to pharma and chemical. We have made investments in terms of our field resources and increased our sales and marketing programs. Currently, the chemical market is particularly attractive given some recent explosions and heightened priority on safety and production and scale up. We are able to capitalize on this demand, and our AutoChem solutions are now helping to set the standard for chemical safety. This is just one small example, but I think it gives you the sense of how we approach the market and continue to shift resources to the most potential.
 
Process Analytics in China is another example of this. They have achieved double-digit growth for many quarters by targeting and penetrating the bioproduction market.
 
Turning to Industrial. Historically, our business in China was more heavily weighted to Core Industrial, but this has changed over the last 10 years. Core Industrial now represents about 40% of the China sales, and the mix within Core Industrial has shifted from heavier industrial end markets, such as steel, cement and others, to faster-growing markets, such as food manufacturers, pharma and chemical.
 
Product Inspection is disproportionately smaller in China than the Rest of the World, but the outlook is very positive as the economy continues to mature and people eat more packaged food and demand higher quality in the product. This is an excellent example of how we target underpenetrated markets. For those of you that visited our Tampa facility last November, you had a chance to see our new mid-market X-ray instrument that we refer to as X34. The team in China has been working over the last 6 months to localize these instruments to reduce the cost and adapt some of the product features for local manufacturing. The results are promising and we will launch our new X34 for the Asia Pacific market in the coming weeks. Our global R&D priority on modular and reusable design was invaluable for this new product launch.
 
You can see from these several examples how our growth in China is being driven from value-added industry versus infrastructure that was historically at its core. We have a very strong team in China with many years of MT experience. They have consistently demonstrated the ability to react to the aftermarket conditions that can be challenging and change quickly.
 
That concludes our prepared remarks. We are very pleased with our results in the quarter. While the markets in the second half may be more challenging than in the first half, we believe we can continue to gain share and deliver good earnings growth. I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Yes, let me comment. So we had already good growth in Americas and Asia. And we expect solid growth in Q3 in these regions as well, seeing also better spending from food manufacturers in these regions. It was really the Europe that was weak, but also against strong comparisons. For Europe, I feel Q3 to be relatively flat. But overall, I expect low to mid-single digits growth this year overall. This is below our long-term trend and it's below what I expect also here if I look a couple of years forward. But I certainly also expect packaged food customers will return to growth. And hey, we are really, really well positioned. We have leading positions here in multiple technologies. We see that customers combine more and more of these technologies, so so-called combitech is becoming more important. We have a unique position with our service network. So I feel very, very good about this. And of course, quality control in packaged food remains something very important. And just think about all the macro trends here that help us with the growing population in Asia and American markets, changing consumer trends. So feel good, but I recognize that in the short term, we could have expect a little bit more.

Back to the Core Industrial. I think we had actually really good growth across all the regions, another one in Q2, but actually for the whole first half. That reflects solid market conditions. But I want also to remind ourselves. As long as the economy is good enough, we feel actually -- we can actually drive replacement business, we can go for market share gain. Our segment marketing here helps really very nicely because we can go after the industry segments that have good growth potential. I certainly also feel that the team is executing very nicely. We have very good momentum in the Spinnaker initiatives. So I expect for 2019 year, mid single-digit growth. Good growth for this business, although a little lower than what we had in the last 2 years, mainly due to strong comparisons, especially in Q4. We're going to have a very strong comparisons coming up. But in terms of how we are performing, I feel good. And also as a reminder, the key industry segments that we serve here are a little bit less exposed to the economic cycles.

Very happy how the lab business has been performing in China in the last couple of quarters. And I had a deep dive into the lab business also last Friday when I met our market organization team. I feel we are executing very well. And I see, really, the team to go after the many opportunities that are around. Now what's helping here, of course, is our lab business serves a broad range of end-user industries, a lot of different applications. And the price points of our solutions are at the low end. And so it's -- yes, we don't see a slowdown here. I think, rather, we have the comparisons topics in the terms that multiyear, we had really good growth. But absent of that, I feel really very, very good. And all these programs that we have in place, the Chinese team is executing very well on it.

Yes. Valid question, but really -- we have -- we don't see any of that, and we talked about that. And one of the reason is what you just said, 13 years in China. We are viewed as a local company. We have such a big presence. We have local management team. We have been around for so long. The Mettler-Toledo brand is viewed as a local brand, local company. And then, first, also because the big majority of the products that we sell are locally manufactured and we -- the big remaining part of imported products come from Switzerland. And we have hardly any products coming from U.S. So it's, for us, it's a nontopic. And we -- again, we are viewed here in a very good way. So yes, happy to report on that one.

Okay. Let me take the first part, and then Shawn will address the second part. So service, yes, indeed, very good performance here that we have now for many quarters. We have shared with you our strategies on service. We are very focused on executing on that one. It's something that we have global programs that we are executing across all the businesses. And really, every country is involved. I see also pretty much every country with very solid service growth. As a reminder, service is today about 23% of our sales. We had the 7% growth in Q2 as well as year-to-date. And I -- my expectation is that we're going to continue to grow above group average with service. We have these programs that have many more years to go. We are far from being saturated on that one. And there are also different markets where we are kind of at the beginning of the journey. I would include also China, where we have solid growth in the last couple of quarters. But when you look at the percentage of service in total, there's more room to go. And I would also add 1 additional associated business, and that's the consumable business. That's also one that we are very focused on. I sometimes also look at service and consumables together, which is today about 1/3 of our business. That one, if combined, we had even better growth than service. So again, very happy how we performed on that. And services is very much also an execution topic. You need to be on top of all the tactical aspects of that. And we do well on this.

Let me start, and then Shawn will add flavor to this. So in terms of how we can react if the economy changes or the market changes. So foremost that I would highlight is this flexibility that we have, how we can allocate resources. We have programs in place and we have a strong tool set that allows us to go after the pockets of growth in the markets that exist, particularly around segment marketing. We can guide our sales force to visit a certain type of customers by segments. And we can drive this also to our leads generation programs. And then we have shown also in the past that we are quite agile in shifting resources from one business to the other. So that's one avenue that we always leverage.
 
And the second one is, of course, we kind of implement a discipline in our cost structure. And this is certainly something that we also have a good track record and we have this agility in the system. Yes, I think that's the core that I would give. And, of course, we monitor the markets very cautiously and try to anticipate these things and it very much depends how severe it is. And the very high diversification that we have in our business helps us tremendously. As you can imagine, we have a huge diversification by country and we have a huge diversification by business and the end-user industry, and that comes to a big advantage to us.

The second part was the Food Retailing. Here, as a reminder, for -- we always said we run our Food Retailing business for profit and not for growth. It's -- we call it kind of noncore to us in these terms. I'm very committed to the business, but it is a business that is below group average in terms of profitability. And so we have always managed that way, including also in recent quarters where we have taken some steps to reduce the complexity in the business. We have taken some step also to take some cost out of the business. And so that's one effect that we have. But the second effect, which is even bigger, is that the whole Food Retailing market is lumpy and it's certainly also impacted by changes going on. And we see here, this year, a bigger downturn than we expected. And we are not trying to fight that, but rather actually adjust to it again in terms of measures that we are taking. I'm not particularly worried about it in terms of from a strategic standpoint and from a group -- or a business franchise. We are comfortable with that. But of course, it hurts our top line numbers. But this is more for Q3 and the year. As for next year, I'm not that pessimistic at all.

Yes. If I look at our performance year-to-date, it has been really strong in all regions and not only here in Q2, but really, for the whole first half. We feel that we have good enough market conditions in pretty much all the areas of the world. I feel strong execution from the team. And so for the whole 2019, I expect mid-single-digit growth. The -- here also in Q3, where we have good visibility, I feel really good. But want to be cautious about Q4 just because of the comparisons. We are going to face a much stronger comparison here in Q4. That's the main reason. Then I would also highlight here what I said at previous occasions or in the context also of China, for Industrial, we serve a very broad base of end-customer segments. We can apply segment marketing to also guide our sales force to the most promising applications in the industry, even if some end-user industry would be hit more strongly by a tentative economic slowdown.

So indeed, very happy with the performance year-to-date and certainly also in Q2. The lab continued to do particularly well. We had good strength in our product offering. The investment in field resources pays off very nicely. Industrial was also solid here. Core Industrial as well as Product Inspection was nicely up in the quarter. And I expect solid growth in this business also here in Q3. The one that was down was retail, that was significantly down. And I expect also Q3 retail would be down again. But otherwise, yes, feel very good about the execution. The team did very well. Our program -- sales and marketing programs show great fruits here in that region.

No particular that I would highlight. I think here again, this diversification plays a role. And even in -- within the chemical industry, there are so many subsegments, from fine chemicals over to bulk chemicals and everything. We have different applications. On the prepared remarks, I highlighted, for example, the China dynamic where we are benefiting from a heightened focus on safety due to all these explosions that is triggering additional demands for us in the chemical industry, in particular for automated chemistry, partially also for material characterization and process analytics. So while you might have one segment that is maybe a little bit down, for example, the chemical industry, that is also serving the automotive world, but then you have other segments that are up. All in all, we see the chemical industry still being good for us, and I expect it to stay that way.

Yes, yes. [indiscernible]. Hey, very consistent on that one. It's -- the way we look at it, the way we approach it is very much from a strategic standpoint. We are focused on adjacencies that fit the strategy where we have important synergies. We don't need an additional leg. We certainly feel we are well diversified already. We have a very strong franchise. We don't need an additional leg. What we want is to acquire companies where we can add value, and we add value for our customer solutions. And so the targets that we have are typically bolt-on opportunities, in particular, Lab, Product Inspection area. We have -- if you look back, we have done a few acquisitions with Biotix and Troemner. And I would rather our target universe would be that kind of company. But it's not that we have something just around the corner. I think these are very much dependent on the availability of such companies. It's -- and the -- what I also want to add, we are very disciplined when it comes to valuation. We always have and we will also continue to be and -- yes, so I expect us in the couple of next years to continue to pursue that strategy. Yes, I think that fits well. And while we welcome M&A, it's not a must and it's not -- yes, we are very focused on this organic growth story.

Believe me, I have more proposals that I can approve just because I think it's a good process to always be selective and go for the most attractive one. As a reminder, this is kind of a bottom-up, top-down review process and we continue to have very good opportunities. But we also review the opportunities in the context of how we reach the economic -- the economy and in particular, also when it comes to countries and industry segments or business lines. I feel good about the projects around Turbo that are already approved. And Shawn and I will be on our annual budget around here in the coming weeks, and that will be certainly also a topic that we will further review. But I feel good about the program and we are still in the investment mode.