Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance for the remainder of this year and for 2020. I will then have some additional comments and we will open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Sales growth in the quarter was very good in our laboratory and industrial product lines. Food Retail declined 15%, worse than we expected the last time we spoke. Total local currency sales growth in the quarter was approximately 4.5%. And excluding Food Retail, sales growth was 6%, which is in line with our expectation at the beginning of the quarter. Excluding Food Retail, growth in the Americas was excellent while growth in Europe and Asia/Rest of World was solid. We achieved very strong growth in operating margins and earnings per share despite meaningful headwinds due to adverse currency and tariff costs. Overall, we are very pleased with the strong results for the third quarter.
As we look to the remainder of 2019 and our initial thoughts for 2020, we face somewhat of a balancing act. On the one hand, we remain confident in our growth initiatives and our ability to continue to execute and gain market share. These initiatives have strong momentum and are well ingrained in the organization and surface well in an environment in which it is more important than ever to focus on the best growth opportunities within our markets.
The diversification of our business, products and end markets is particularly helpful when there are mixed signals in certain end markets. Our sales and marketing programs are tailored to help guide our sales force to our best opportunities. Another positive for us is that we believe we will continue to see tangible results from our productivity and margin initiatives.
Offsetting this positive practice is that we sit here today with an economy that is more uncertain than 1 year ago as macroeconomic data continues to weaken. We will also continue to face headwinds from adverse currency and tariff costs. 
What does this mean when we take that all together? We continue to invest for growth but are cautious on the macro environment. We believe we can generate solid sales growth and strong earnings growth for 2019 and 2020. Shawn will provide more specifics, but I wanted to provide some context upfront.
Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance.

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our lab business continues to perform very well with 7% local currency sales growth in the quarter, which was against very strong growth in the prior year. 
Most product lines did well, particularly if you look at it on a 2-year basis. Sales growth in the Americas and China was particularly strong. Our laboratory business is well positioned to continue to gain share. We spent a disproportionate amount in lab on investments in field resources, Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives and R&D investments. We expect market demands to remain favorable and expect solid growth in the fourth quarter and in 2020, although we face more challenging comparisons after several years of very strong growth.
In terms of our industrial business, product inspection was up in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Our expectations are for relatively flat growth in Q4 given strong prior year and we would expect low- to mid-single-digit growth in 2020. This growth is below our medium-term guidance as the packaged food manufacture end market continues to be mixed. We have not yet seen the large food manufacturers return to full investment mode, particularly with respect to global rollouts. We think this will take some additional time. We are very well positioned in this business, and we believe growth dynamics are very strong over the medium term given the focus on food manufacturers, on brand protection and expected growth opportunities in emerging markets.
Core industrial did very well in the third quarter with growth of 7% in local currency. We benefited from some project activity in Transportation and Logistics but have good growth even excluding this benefit. We are executing well in core industrial as this business is gaining traction with the Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. Underlying market demand is good enough as we expect continued solid results, although this business had growth in Q4 last year of 13%. So they will face a particularly challenging comparison. Outlook for next year is solid, although we would expect growth in China to moderate modestly given a strong multiyear comparisons and slightly more challenging market dynamics.
Finally, Food Retail was down 15% in the quarter, which was worse than we expected. As we highlighted last quarter, this business is impacted by challenging market demand and the timing of customer project activity. We are managing this business for profitability and not for sales growth. We have enacted cost-reduction actions over the last year in light of the challenging conditions. We expect market conditions to remain challenging, but expect the business to return to modest growth next year aided by easier comparisons and new product launches.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. I will start with Europe, which was up mid-single digits, excluding Food Retail. Lab had growth while core industrial did particularly well. Retail was down significantly. We believe our lab and core industrial markets in Europe are good enough to maintain replacement cycles. Q4 will be impacted by very strong prior year growth, but we would expect reasonable growth in 2020.
Americas had very strong growth in the quarter. Excluding food retailing, Americas grew 9% in the quarter. Lab had very strong growth while product inspection and core industrial had good growth as well. For the remainder of the year, we expect Americas to grow mid-single digits and also expect mid-single-digit growth in 2020. We believe markets will remain solid but will be impacted by prior year comparisons.
Finally, Asia and rest of the world have solid growth with most business lines doing well. China had solid growth in the quarter with high-single-digit lab growth and mid-single-digit industrial growth, which was in line with our expectations and impacted by very strong growth in prior year. Our outlook for this region remains solid, but they will continue to face strong multiyear comparisons and a slightly more challenging environment. 
One final comment on the business. Service had another quarter of good growth in the [ period ], up 7% in local currency for both the quarter and year-to-date. I will have some additional comments on service shortly.
That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business. As mentioned earlier, we remain confident that our growth initiatives can continue to generate additional market share. 
Let me give you a few examples. I will start with sales and marketing in which we are continuing to invest in new tools so field sales reps have more capacity for impactful customer interactions. Digitalization tools are one of the examples, including our new sales tool, the digital library. The library houses a vast array of materials, including videos, cross-selling overviews, customer references, value-selling guides and referrals. All the digitalization tools include field sales mobility solution and our mobile CRM, which allows sales reps to immediately follow up on customer requests and leads. We also utilize e-demos so our sales reps at the customer side can leverage the expertise of a product specialist via live demo. E-demos allow for greater reach as customers from multiple sites can participate and are especially effective for presenting our instruments that are highly complex or application-oriented. 
Digitalization is also at the heart of our e-commerce platform, which promotes the ease of doing business and allows for no-touch transactions while also further enhancing our relationship with the customer. Digitalization tools are just one example of how we are helping to ensure our sales force has the most direct interaction with customers with the greatest potential while also enhancing the customer experience.
Service continues to deliver good growth. It was up 7% to date and it accounts for about 23% of the total sales. Versus our direct competitors, service is an excellent competitive advantage as we have one of the largest, most global and best trained service force. Our service force keeps us close to customers and provides insights on how to best serve them. 
Global customers are increasingly asking for services to be delivered in a unified, consistent way across regions, countries and continents. To meet this need, we now offer 2 harmonized service levels, standard for noncontract customers where we respond within 3 days during regular hours; and service level agreements, which can be customized up to 4-hour response times and available 24/7. It is hard for our direct competitors to offer such a service level agreement. 
We also provide value-added services. A good example is our digital performance verification for our product inspection customers. Targeted to food manufacturers who need to show compliance with safety regulations, this service assesses how an instrument performs according to global food safety initiative standards and provides documentation in digital format that can be assessed -- sorry, can be accessed worldwide by the customers' quality control teams. It is just one example of how we are helping customers execute and document routine tasks and maintain data integrity.
Consumables is another source of good growth for us and now represents about 10% of our total sales. Year-to-date, consumables are up 7%. Pipette tips are a key component of our consumable offering, which we enhanced with the acquisition of Biotix about 2 years ago. 
In addition to sales and marketing and service initiatives, our product portfolio is also an important source of growth. For example, we have developed a comprehensive solution for pipette asset management. A large biopharma company can have up to 10,000 pipettes at 1 site alone. The administrative task of tracking each pipette's location, calibration status, audit certificates, service times and replacement schedules can be overwhelming. 
To help manage this, we have developed a comprehensive solution that combines an asset management software with our unique SmartStand, which holds our pipettes with an embedded RFID chip that indicates when the next service and calibration are due. The software connects multiple SmartStands and tracks and manage all pipette brands and models in the lab. Our solution helps customers save time and increase productivity while providing integrated data and traceability for quality control and compliance. This is just one example of our technology leadership, and we have many more within our product portfolio.
That concludes our prepared comments. We are very pleased with our results in the quarter and year-to-date. While more uncertainty exists in the global economy, we believe we are well positioned to gain share and deliver good earnings growth. 
With that, I want to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.

Yes. Indeed, we were all very happy about the performance. I think it's a reflection of an economy that is good enough for us, but then a very strong execution by the team in terms of the Spinnaker initiatives, in terms of focusing on the right end-user segments. And we had also some good product launches that helped us. So indeed, really a good performance. 
What I, however, would also add here, the part of the economy that is particularly weak in Europe is not necessarily one that we have a focus on, so thinking of machinery, automobile industry and so on. These are not the most important industry segments for us.

So I will take the first part and then Shawn covers the second part of the question. So back to retail and visibility, indeed, we have a reasonable visibility within a quarter. But our visibility is supported by good diversification across regions and across businesses. And so I think in retail, we certainly have a reasonable visibility to very large projects, but then there is an underlying business that we can't properly predict the whole quarter. 
What plays also in the weakness of retail is that the big projects did not come in as expected. And so we experienced that weakness in particular also from that end. We expect, as we did talk on the prepared remarks, retail to continue to be a challenge here for another 1, 2 quarters. It's also because we are managing this business towards profitability and not top line. And yes, I -- it's not a fundamental shift, but we do recognize that this market in food retailing is a challenging market right now. We expect that the latter part of next year will look better for us.

So indeed, there is a comp topic. We had here in China many quarters of very good results, and that starts now to play in. Absent of that, we feel still very good about our business in China. We have an excellent leadership position there. We have, in average, probably a 25% market share, which is about similar to what we have in the group. We have the Spinnaker programs that are executed really particularly also well in China. And we are benefiting from a good diversification of the end-user markets that we serve. 
So these are all very strong assets that we bring here, and I feel that our end-user industries that we are focused on are actually still going well in China. So all in all, good, but then we have these comparison topics and, of course, we also see that there are parts of the Chinese markets that are weaker. We are just less exposed, but I'm not pretending that we are totally immune to that one.

All the indicators that we have internal still look favorable. I think we commented before, we have in retail and in the packaged food area some end markets that are more challenging. But absent of that, all our KPIs that we have internally, leads growth, all that stuff looks favorable. We are very pleased about the team being focused on execution. We see good results of our sales and marketing programs. So that's unchanged. And we feel good. 
I think the overall economy, we look at PMI metrics, we look at economics, and we want to take that in our consideration. And in that sense, we continue to talk about -- also clouds, economic clouds. I think that was one word that I used a year ago. And I would still apply it here. But it's not that we see something particularly worrying or that the clouds get really dark here. Yes, in that sense, not anything that is so different to what we experienced the last few quarters. And we always said, the economy needs to be good enough for us to grow, and we feel the economy is good enough.

I think the challenges will remain, but we will have adjusted to that. The comparisons will become easier, of course. But we have been also proactive in restructuring parts of this business, and we will have the benefit of that behind us. That's also one of the reasons why we feel like the second part of next year will be better. And that should position us well also for the future.

Yes. That's a fair comment. And in contrary, I would say, what we are seeing year-to-date in the business, absent of product inspection and food retailing, we are very pleased that we have not seen a slowdown in the momentum from -- so it's yes. And this is true for all the relevant KPIs. So not just kind of the reported sales we -- growth activity, leads generation and all that stuff.

No. No. It's a direct impact. It's the costs that we incur because we import products out of China. To recall, a significant part of our production is based in China and then we export. And when they arrive in U.S., we have tariffs that apply to that. And the -- always the assumptions that we use on these calls is what has been communicated, and we are not taking any speculation of what might change or not.

Yes, thanks. Let's start with life science or pharma. Actually, why I say life science, that's the way we look at our business. We don't particular narrow it down just to big pharma. Also, our life science business has big pharma, CROs. We include also biotech companies. So it's relatively broad-based. This is about 30% of our revenue. And it has been a market that is doing well for us. We have very good competitive positions. We have -- this is an [ end ] [indiscernible] use these competitive differentiations that we have, and there are also additional beneficial things happening like data integrity, which is becoming more important also. So it is a very good end-user industry, going well for us globally. And what's important to us, at the end of the day, it's a market that is still nicely diversified because we have not just big pharma; it's small and big and it's across geographies. And historically, what we have seen is there were times when big pharma was restructuring in the West, but then you saw a lot of CROs coming up in the East. And we have benefit from that and I -- looking forward, I see that underlying diversification, that is also beneficial for us, but we certainly count strongly on life science industry. We continue to invest in it. And it's certainly one of the markets that we expect us to continue to win market share. 
The second question, Shawn, do you want to take that one or...

And so bottom line, we don't have any disadvantage here or we don't see any problems coming up or so. I think contrary, I would say we have a trend in the Chinese market where quality really matters and people are, in that sense, willing to pay premiums also for Western brands, so we feel good about that.

No. I don't -- I think we referred that in the past as pent-up demand. I don't see that. And I see it -- and I say so because I don't see that we are experiencing a particular sharp decline here or -- we are expecting that the economy remains about the same as it is now. And I used the term also before "good enough." So the good enough actually implies that there isn't customers holding back and then we would expect a pent-up the following year. 
In terms of our guidance being conservative or so, I would say we did it in the same -- similar way as last year. Of course, to our guidance there are upsides and downsides, but I don't feel that we are more conservative or more bullish than last year.

So if tariffs would go away, I would see an upside in our EPS and our margins. I feel like we kind of keep the current pricing power that we have. There are a few things that would -- we would reverse. But in general, there is a significant upside to EPS if the tariffs would really go away and particularly because I would think that currencies might also change around that. But what I would not automatically assume is that the top line would improve because of that. Again, I don't feel we lost business because of the trade war. Yes.

Just to clarify, we might have had quarters with double-digit growth, but we are more high single digit. And the high single digit, sometimes in quarters, we can have a very big project and therefore, it can be the double digit. But medium term, long term, I expect us to have this mid- to high-single-digit growth in product inspection. It is driven because we have really an exceptional strong market position. We are the only one that will -- or have a lead in all the core technologies. So including check weighing methods, x-ray and vision inspection. We have a fantastic service network that customers really value. And we are really a partner to global accounts to -- for global rollouts. And these global rollouts are driven by requirements to protect the brand. 
It is regulation-driven but indirectly. In a sense, the regulation specifies how recalls need to take place. And that incurs a lot of cost and, again, also damages to brands when you need to do recalls. But it's up the different accounts to decide how they protect themselves. And we certainly feel that installing our instruments at the end of a packaging line is the best insurance and allows to really protect the interests of the company and provide the best quality to customers.

I wouldn't narrow it down to any particular product. We talked about this on past calls, that we have the most modern product portfolio in lab that we have ever had, but this is across all the product lines. So this is true for pipette, this is true for analytical chemistry, this is true for our automated chemistry, it's also true for our lab balances. So it's the whole portfolio. 
It's not things that I would say only benefits us in the last 2 quarters. This is an ongoing thing. We benefited last year and we're certainly going to benefit next year. In our business, as an individual, new product doesn't really move the needle. It's the sum of things and having this technology leadership that allows us to win new customers and also allows us to raise prices, gives us this pricing power.

So service is 23%. And then we have -- it's 10% from consumables, that's why we say we have about a 1/3, which is really recurring. And both have been growing very nicely this year, about the 7% range.

Thanks.

Yes. So it has really good momentum. Happy to -- that you raise the question because yes, it's one of the contributors to our margin expansion. We have really all the producing organizations across the world engaged in this. We really see benefits in terms of productivity on the shop floor. We see benefits in material costs. We have very good new additional initiatives of sub-projects also for next year. You might recall in an earlier call, we mentioned that we have about 300 sub-projects on the Stern Drive, and we have a similar number of projects also going into next year. 
In terms of results this year, we're very happy about this and so, in that sense, achieving our target. And I expect about the same benefit over next year from the program. And to highlight, we look at Stern Drive in a similar way as to Spinnaker. It's a journey, I expect this to be incremental every year, and I wouldn't be surprised if, in 10 years, we are still going to talk about Stern Drive on this call.