Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, Bill will provide details on our third quarter results, and Shawn will be discuss our guidance for the rest of this year and for 2019. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A. 
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We are pleased with our sales growth, which was 7% in local currency in the quarter. Our laboratory products had very good broad-based growth. In addition, China had strong growth despite excellent sales growth in the prior year. Our sales growth, combined with results from our margin and productivity measures, drove a 17% increase in adjusted EPS. 
Let me comment briefly on how we observe current market conditions and how we are deploying our strategies given the environment. First, demand in our markets remains good. Sales, orders, even leads look solid. But there are many reasons to be cautious about the global economy, including higher interest rates, a strong dollar and uncertainty and costs arising from tariff disputes. I would characterize it as a sunny weather but clouds on the horizon. These clouds provide a different outlook than it was 1 year ago when we gave guidance for 2018. 
So what do these clouds mean for us in terms of strategy deployment? We clearly remain focused on growth. We are investing for growth but somewhat more cautiously than we were at this time last year. We want to remain agile and react to, even to a certain extent, and anticipate a slowdown. We are confident that we can continue to deliver share gains, irrelevant of underlying market growth. And with our strong focus on margin enhancement and cost management, this should translate to reasonable earnings growth under almost any circumstance. Shawn will cover this further in his comments on guidance. 
I now want to turn it over to Bill, but before I do, I want to acknowledge that this is Bill's last earnings call with us. Bill has made tremendous contribution to Mettler-Toledo over more than 20 years. I have worked closely with Bill and want to personally thank him for his support, dedication and leadership with the organization. Bill's personality, in particular his sense of humor and his down-to-earth approach to our challenges, will be missed. I think one of Bill's greatest contribution to Mettler-Toledo was his nurturing and development of his successors. He leaves the global supply chain and IT organizations in good hands with Oliver Wittorf, who many of you will hear from on Monday at our investor meeting. And, as I think many of you have seen over the last year or so, he leaves the finance organization in the skilled hands of Shawn, who has worked with Bill for many of this -- of his 20 years here. Bill, an official thank you for all of your contribution to Mettler-Toledo and you know I personally wish you all the best for the future.

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our lab business continues to perform very well, as shown by the 9% organic growth in the quarter. I point out -- this out, as this was in addition to solid growth in the prior year. Sales growth was broad based, with most product lines showing good growth. We are executing well in this business, as we benefit from a very strong product portfolio, our continued investment in field resources and our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. I would expect good growth in lab for the remainder of 2018 and into 2019. 
Turning now to industrial. Let me cover this in 2 parts: Core industrial had approximately 2.5% growth, which was impacted by the very strong 9% growth in core industrial in the prior year. We would expect to see a better growth in core industrial in the fourth quarter and in 2019. As you heard from Bill, product inspection was down slightly in the quarter. We had expected it to be flat to a little weaker as compared to last time we spoke. I want to remind you, this business is impacted by prior year's comparisons, not one in 2017 but strong growth we saw in the second half of 2016. We expect to see growth in the fourth quarter and in 2019. 
For those of you joining us on Monday, you will hear more about this business and have a chance to see its new facility. The final piece of our company is the retail business, which was up 14% in the quarter, better than we expected, given some project activity in the United States. As you know, this business is lumpy, and we would expect a modest decline in the fourth quarter and minimal, if any growth, in 2019. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Europe came in pretty much how we expected. We had good growth in lab and retail, while industrial was down slightly. In the Americas, lab had very good growth and that is on an organic basis. Industrial was down, in both core industrial and product inspection. Retail in the Americas was strong due to project activity just mentioned. 
Finally, Asia/Rest of the World had strong growth, with excellent growth in lab and very good growth in Industrial. Retail was up nicely as well. China had very strong growth across most product lines. As we look to next year, we would expect Americas and Europe to have growth at, or little bit below, the mid-single-digit range and Asia/Rest of World, including China, to have growth a little more than mid-single digits. 
Longer term, we would guide for Asia and China, in particular, to have growth in the mid-to-high single digit range. But they will be impacted in 2019 by very strong growth over the last 2 years. That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business. 
Let me now comment on our overall guidance for 2019 and what gives us confidence in our ability to generate the sales and earnings growth we have outlined today. I will start with our Spinnaker sales and marketing strategy, which we believe are a unique competitive advantage and important source of growth. We have core initiatives surrounding lead generation and investments in our field force through our Field Turbo program. These initiatives remain well on track, and we are also focused on sales force activities. Specifically, we have tools and programs to help ensure our front end sales reps maximize their productivity by targeting those customers with the greatest potential. How do we go about it? First, we identify what are the most attractive pockets of growth. This means specific market segments, where products provide the most value and the specific customer accounts where we have the best access and highest cross-selling potential. Second, we utilize sophisticated go-to-market strategies, which ensure we utilize the most cost-effective sales channel given the sales and profit potential of the different accounts. This increasingly means that sales reps are spending more of the time with high potential noncustomers and we use telesales resources for accounts with lower sales potential. It is worthwhile to highlight that over the last 4 years, we have more than doubled our telesales resources and currently have almost 300. We have developed a substantial amount of materials and tools to support our sales reps and telesales resources in demonstrating how our solutions help specific needs of the customers. Finally, we leverage our unique data analytics to formulate tailored marketing and sales campaigns. We process millions of internal and external data to guide our sales reps to the most promising opportunities. These sales force activities will increase the sales force time with the most strategic accounts and it will ensure we are redirecting resources to our most attractive businesses. 
This is core to maximizing our sales force productivity. We believe these sales force activities in combination with our other Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives will continue to allow us to gain share. New product launches are another important contributor to growth. As we have spoken to you about in the past, we are constantly coming to market with new products. No single launch will make a material impact to our results in any quarter but all of them combined are essential for our strategy to trigger replacement, gain share and support our pricing program. 
Let me give you a recent example from our laboratory offering and the launch of our new line of analytical balances. We have the most comprehensive portfolio of these balances and have reduced the minimum weight by 50%, thereby allowing customers to use smaller sample sizes and reduce waste. A patented cooling system and intelligent features that include ensuring the balance is level and free from static actively monitor weighing conditions to ensure outstanding accuracy and reproducible results. A large user interface and process and settings that can be saved for different tasks also help improve the efficiency of our lab customers. We are excited about this launch, which is receiving very favorable customer reactions. We also launched the newest generation of LabX, our lab data management system. From central control of instruments and tasks to eliminate manual errors, LabX helps ensure security, efficiency and data integrity of the lab. As mentioned, this is just one example of our many new product launches. 
With our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs and new products focused on growth and capturing share, our pricing and productivity initiatives are driving operating profit growth. I'm very pleased with our extensive pricing programs, trainings and tools we have developed over the last several years. On the productivity side, Stern Drive is continuously driving productivity and cost leadership of our operations and supply chain. Stern Drive is the platform for improvements in how we manage our procurement as well as how we improve our labor productivity in both the shop floor as well as back office operations. 
Using data analytics and benchmarking, we identify high-impact and fast-return projects in these areas. So far, we have completed more than 500 projects and have managed to establish a continuous pipeline of projects that allow us to deliver against our target of $20 million year-over-year savings. 
In summary, we feel very good about the factors we can control, namely the execution of our growth and margin and productivity initiatives. Demand remains solid, and we will monitor the global economy and be ready to react if conditions change. We face headwinds next year in terms of currency and tariffs but believe can still deliver strong earnings growth. That concludes our prepared remarks, and I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Yes, the things that we really see in our numbers, in terms of leads generation and quote requests, but also all the feedback that I get from the organizations around the world, they all remain very positive. And in that sense, we have -- we don't see any negatives yet of the clouds that I was referring to in the prepared remarks. But of course, we are more alert, and we are a bit more cautious because there are things out there that could impact us. And that's just ask for us to, kind of, hedge our risks here. But when you think about investments and activities, we are very much still in this growth mode. Very comparable to what it was last year. I'm still funding Field Turbo programs, very committed to that, and we certainly also, when we interact with our market organizations around the world, we go for the growth mode really, in every single market. That includes also all the emerging markets, even that they might be impacted a little bit by the dollar topic or China that of course, is also impacted by the tariffs. But we don't see it and that, in our markets directly until we feel we need to go for the top line.

No. I don't really think it changed much to the competitive landscape. So when we talk about our many Chinese competitors, I also referred to, we have hundreds, sometimes even thousands of weighing scale companies there, they serve the domestic market. Hardly any of them are engaged in significant export. The one thing that could happen -- from today's perspective, these tariffs mostly impact the discrete industry metal plastic, and I would say, this is a market segment that is maybe more served by the local competitors, as we have refocused our business already for now a couple of years, more to the value add businesses like Pharma, chemical industry and so on. And I would think that these businesses will be less impacted by tariffs. But again, our Chinese competitors that we have are not really directly involved in export business.

First, I want to say, we don't see it today, and we don't know if there will not be future side effects from certain market segments that will decline and then spill over to others. But at this stage, what we see, the markets that we serve predominantly are less impacted because, as I described before, they are less export oriented. And the -- for the domestic consumption, there is still this desire for better quality, safety and productivity. And so, we see our Chinese customers to continuously invest and look to our instruments. I certainly also would expect that the Chinese government will continue to drive the growth in these value-added industries, for example, life science industry. And that's the piece that we are more and more focused on and probably, also not a coincidence I was talking about the strong results that we have from the lab business in China. We have the 10th quarter of mid-teens growth in this business. And I see that really, also the last quarter being very strong and that gives us confidence also going forward. But there might be spillover effect, from these other segments that are negatively impacted and it's just too early to really see it. And that's why we remain agile or also a little bit cautious. You certainly have seen us guiding for China next year a little bit more modest, and this is, on the one hand, because comparisons but secondly, also that we realize that the overall economy will not be that strong.

So I think we need to talk -- when we talk about industrial, we should really differentiate between core industrial and product inspection. I think here, you refer more to product inspection. And in product inspection, we had 3 key effects: One is, this comparison topic and this is very much related also to some key account activities. Very strong key account orders that we had in previous years. And these key account activities are more lumpy. And partially, also related to what you said, the very big packaged food companies did manage their capital spending in a more forceful way this year than we have maybe seen in previous years. But I -- the early signals that we have is, this is something that will come back. And so, that's one of the reasons why I'm not worried. The second one -- impact that we had was that we made some important changes to our manufacturing blueprint, particularly here in the U.S. This was a major undertaking. This will make the franchise so much stronger and the -- the ones of you that join us next Monday I'm sure, you will immediately recognize what this means. Consolidating 3 plants but also 3 technologies at one place. It's going to bring huge synergies going forward, not just in terms of production capability but very much, this brings benefits to customer interactions because we can demo and all the technologies at the same time. And that in sense, this was a pre-investment. A pre-investment that did cost some margins initially but also brought some distraction for us to serve the markets as we normally would do. And that's something that I see us recovering really fast and is a part of why I say Q4 will also look better. When I say Q4, I imply with that, also next year. I expect good growth from product inspection.

So we don't break out the details by -- for a country. But -- I would phrase it that way, the whole life science piece is one that has been steadily growing, and that's true actually for the laboratory business as well as pieces of the industrial business. And regarding your last point, it didn't have any particular impact for us. It's -- also -- remember, we are very strong in general labs, QC labs as well as R&D., and it's not particular in the bioresearch area or even medical area also. It's very, very broad based when we talk about life sciences industry. It would also include academics that is connected to life sciences.

I've got to hand over afterwards to Shawn to give you the specific share for the quarter. When it comes to growth -- so the way we look at service is, we, over a midterm, we clearly see that service will outgrow product. I say the midterm because it doesn't necessarily happen in every quarter. If we have a very strong product quarter, that doesn't mean that service can top of it. But I expect that service is outgrowing product because we really have a great opportunities there. We have very strong value propositions and we, as we often refer to, we have strong programs like the iBase and marketing campaigns that is really addressing our installed base. We're also using Big Data analytics for that. And then, we try to do more and more service under contracts. In that context, we talk about the attachment rate. And this is something that you build up over a years -- over years because it's really hard work but one that has great payoff. We have very different service attachment rates by different countries and businesses. And so, just using a year-on-year universal number, would not be that insightful. But you will see on next Monday, we have actually a separate session that talks about service, and we're going to drill down in more details and to illustrate to you that what the value proposition is and how we do these iBase campaigns and contract attachment rates for the product inspection business specifically. What's -- maybe one insight also that I already want to share with you today and I will talk to again also on Monday is that the service contract business is actually outgrowing the average service growth that we have also because the break/fix part of the businesses is not growing as fast. And that's a consequence that our quality of our products actually are continuously improving. And so, there is these extra efforts going in, in the service contract business. And in the meantime, I'm sure Shawn has the number. And so, I'll hand over to you.

Yes, I think there are market segments that are today already impacted. Of course, there are exports related to discrete manufacturing segments that are impacted by the tariffs and when they export to the U.S. I think we will see more of that going forward. But these are typically markets that we don't sell to directly. However, if these market segments are slowing down, I would not exclude that they might also have an impact on other markets that partially supply the exporting segments. And so, I would not exclude that, for example, chemical segments will be impacted because the discrete manufacturing segments are buying less. That's one of the spillover effects that I was meaning. And overall, the economy in China might be impacted also just by the sentiments around these topics. But that's more a macroeconomic view than something that I see today already or the team tells me.

I'll add also that because of the tariffs, we have a little bit of higher inflationary environment particularly in the U.S, which allows us to do more on pricing. And that's, of course, we build in, and we did not have that in the recent years. Actually, the inflationary environment, we didn't have, and that's the reason why Shawn was sharing with you that we expect more than we normally would expect. And that alone has quite an impact on our EPS guidance.