Thank you, Mary. Good evening, everyone. I hope this continues to find you safe and well. I'm calling in from Switzerland tonight, while Shawn and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Shawn will provide details on our financials. I will then add some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 6% in the third quarter, which was much better than we expected. Demand in our end markets continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19. However, we had excellent growth in China, and the performance of our Lab business was very strong. With our strong product portfolio and the innovative sales and marketing strategy, which we have successfully adapted through the challenges of the new environment, we believe we are gaining share. We have very strong growth in operating margins due to the benefits of some of our temporary cost actions as well as our ongoing margin and productivity initiatives.
Growth in adjusted EPS and cash flow was excellent in the quarter. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the quarter given all the ongoing challenges of COVID.
As we look to finish this year and into next year, we remain cautious on the global economy. The impact of COVID on different regions of the world continues to evolve and change quickly. And the ultimate repercussions to the global economy are still to be determined.
Our strategy is to remain focused on those items we can control, namely keep our employees safe and continue to serve our customers, the majority of which are in essential end markets of life sciences and food manufacturing. We have been successful in continuing to launch new products while, at the same time, ensuring our go-to-market approach is most effective given current customer dynamics. Our adjusted go-to-market model and full leverage of Spinnaker has proved to be exceptionally powerful in this environment. This includes incorporating digital tools and techniques to engage with customers in remote settings. Versus our direct competition, we believe this has provided a very strong advantage and has reinforced the leadership position that we hold in the vast majority of our product lines.
Based on market conditions today, we believe we can continue to gain share and deliver solid results in 2020 and 2021. I will have some additional comments on this topic shortly, but let me first turn it to Shawn to cover the financials.

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our Lab business had outstanding growth in the quarter. Pipettes had excellent growth and benefited from COVID-related activities. Process Analytics and automated chemistry also had very good growth, driven by the overall strength in biopharma trends. Most other product lines showed modest growth. Sales growth in all regions was strong. We expect the strong biopharma trends to continue to be favorable as we enter 2021 and believe the first half of the year will benefit from a vaccine research and testing as well as bioproduction scale-up and production. We spent a disproportionate amount of R&D and sales and marketing investments in Lab and believe we are well positioned to capture growth.
In terms of our Industrial business, Core Industrial was up 8%, driven by strong double-digit growth in China and slight decline in both Europe and the Americas. China is benefiting from strong demand across most product lines, in part due to pent-up demand. Overall, we are very pleased with the resiliency of our Core Industrial businesses in 2020 given the challenges of the end market. Our outlook for this business is solid as we expect to continue to identify pockets of growth. However, we are not immune to the overall economy.
Product Inspection was down a little more than we expected in the quarter with declines in all regions. In the near term, market conditions continued to be challenging as large packaged food companies are focused on COVID-related safety in the manufacturing site and on operational execution. We are more optimistic for Q4 and are well positioned once packaged food companies return to a more normal operational mode and believe we will benefit from pent-up demand. However, it will take some more time for this to develop.
Food Retail grew mid-single digit in Q3, better than we had anticipated. This business will likely be relatively flat in Q4, and looking to 2021, we expect growth in the low single-digit range.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 4% with good growth in Lab and Food Retail. We would expect sales growth in Europe to be relatively flat in Q4 and low to mid-single digit growth in 2021. Americas increased 3% with very strong growth in Lab, offset by declines in Product Inspection and, to a lesser degree, Core Industrial. We would expect better growth in Q4 in the Americas, and we expect mid-single digit growth in 2021.
Finally, Asia/Rest of World grew 10% in the quarter with both Lab and Industrial doing very well. As mentioned, China had 17% growth in the quarter, with excellent growth across most product lines. We would expect China to continue to do well for the remainder of this year, although we do not expect the same level of pent-up demand that we saw in Q3. We expect market conditions to be favorable in 2021, although China will face tougher comparisons in the second half of the year. One final comment on the business. Service and consumables were up 6% in the quarter. 
That concludes my comments on a business. While 2020 has been extraordinary on many different levels, we remain focused on our core growth strategy. We are the market leader in the vast majority of our product lines and have a weighted average share in the 25% range. We have long spoken to you about our strategy, namely, to introduce new products and use leading edge data-driven sales and marketing initiatives to gain market share each year. Small gains in market share can have a meaningful impact to our growth. We believe we have accelerated market share gains this year by enhancing our digital sales and marketing tools and combining this with advanced data analytics to identify and guide our field force to the best potential opportunities. We couldn't accomplish this without investment we have made over many years to structure our front-end to allow our direct field reps to spend majority of their time on noncustomers and customers with good cross-selling potential.
Let me provide you a little more context to this. The challenges surrounding COVID provided an opportunity to accelerate digital sales and marketing development that were already underway. On the same call one year ago, well before COVID was a factor, I discussed with you the efforts that were underway surrounding digital sales tools to free up our field resources for more impactful discussions with our customers. These sales tools included a new digital library for storing vast resources as well as field sales mobility solutions, mobile CRM and the launch of eDemo for more efficient product demo. With this foundation already in place, we were able to quickly adapt and transform our go-to-market for remote capabilities in March. We further enhanced our digital capabilities this year with developments like simple product demos through eDemo, live and core browsing capabilities with our customers via Microsoft Teams. This has allowed us to maintain engagement with our customers despite the challenges that COVID has brought to remote work environment.
Digital sales and marketing tools are one component. We also use advanced data analytics and machine learning to identify thousands and thousands of customer sites that have potential sales opportunity. During this past year, we had -- we also leveraged heat map of customer segments that helped us navigate COVID resilience and recovery. Internally, these opportunities generate sales alert that we provide to our front-end organization. The alerts include insightful information, such as product descriptions, cross-selling opportunities, contact data, CRM activity, site pictures and specific value-selling guide for associated products and more. We have structured our front-end so that back office resources can qualify these sales alerts. They have knowledge of our customers and can determine if the computer-generated alerts have the expected potential, and if so, the ideal timing for customer interaction. This helps us guide our direct field sales force to the best opportunities and with all the necessary materials for an effective customer interaction.
We also leverage our front-end via telesales reps to sell to smaller or less complicated accounts. The digital demo tools available to our field force are also fully available to our telesales teams, thereby supporting their efforts to articulate the value of our products to customers. With the investments we have made in inside and telesales resources over the last several years, our front-end is now structured. The field reps spend the majority of their time on noncustomers or existing customers with strong cross-selling potential. The combination of our strong product portfolio, the innovations we have made to our sales and marketing tools and the investments we have made over several years to our front-end organization is leading to accelerated market share gains versus our direct competitors. There are still relatively small gains overall, but they have allowed us to help offset the challenging market conditions of the COVID environment.
The COVID challenges have [indiscernible] accelerated [indiscernible] in our sales [indiscernible] approach, but also in our margin and productivity...

Where did -- you need to guide me. I don't know...

Okay. Yes, I am back. I was interrupted. Shawn is just signaling me by video that I -- where I stopped. So I will continue on. And I was just finishing talking about sales and marketing initiatives, and I'm coming to the point that digital sales and marketing tools are one component. We also use advanced data analytics and machine learning to identify thousands and thousands of customer sites that have potential sales opportunities. During this past year, we also leveraged heat map of customer segments that helped us navigate COVID resilience and recovery. Internally, these opportunities generate sales alerts that we provide to our front-end organization. The alerts include insightful information such as project descriptions, cross-selling opportunities, contact data, CRM activity, site pictures and specific value-selling guides for associated products and more.
We have structured our front-end so that back office inside sales resources can qualify these sales alerts. They have knowledge of customers and can determine the computer-generated alerts have the expected potential, and if so, the ideal timing for customer interaction. This helps us guide our direct field sales force to the best opportunity and with all the necessary materials for an effective customer interaction.
We also leverage our front-end via telesales reps to sell to smaller or less complicated accounts. The digital sales tools available to our field forces are also fully available to our telesales team, thereby supporting their efforts to articulate the value of our products to customers. With investments we have made in inside and telesales resources over the last several years, our front-end is now structured, the field reps spend the majority of their time on noncustomers or existing customers with strong cross-selling potential.
The combination of our strong product portfolio, the innovations we have made, our delta marketing tools and the investments we have made over several years to our front-end organization is leading to accelerated market share gains versus our direct competitors. They are still relatively small gains overall, but they have allowed us to help offset the challenging market conditions of the COVID environment. 
The COVID challenges have helped us accelerate improvement, not only in our sales techniques and approach, but also in our margins and productivity initiatives. Our supply chain teams around the world had to overcome numerous obstacles this year, including obtaining necessary protection supplies, compensating for component shortages, orchestrating global safety stock, navigating freight capacity and adapting to changing trade restrictions. We were one of the first manufacturing facilities [ to have opened ] in China, and we did not have a single day of shutdown in our western facility. At the same time, the team continues to make progress on their Stern Drive initiatives, which are focused on productivity improvements in our manufacturing and back-office operations. Globally, more than 130 projects have been completed this year with 350 projects currently underway.
That concludes our prepared comments. The current environment continues to be the most challenging and unique we have ever faced. We are executing very well, and while much uncertainty still exist in our markets, I remain confident we can continue to gain share regardless of economic conditions and are well positioned for solid results in 2020 and 2021.
I want now to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Let me do the second part first because that's easy to answer. No, it's not correlated with pent-up. The tailwind from COVID is mainly coming in tips business that we have with our Rainin and biotech businesses. They serve the testing markets, the COVID testing markets. So we got that tailwind, as pent-up is not labeled that way. China -- to isolate the pent-up aspect of the China growth is not so easy to quantify. But I think another way to look at our numbers in China is the year-to-date. As you will recall, in the early part of the year, China had a significant decline and here, we have seen a very good recovery in Q3. And in that sense, there is a significant aspect of that is pent-up demand. We see kind of a V-shaped recovery.
But beyond that, I certainly feel we have won good market share gains here in China. The team has executed extremely well during the whole COVID crisis. We -- when there was a lockdown, our Chinese team continued to stay in contact with customers. We were very fast in bringing deliveries back and have certainly gained a lot of confidence with the customer base. And then we had the whole go-to-market change in management that I described before in the prepared remarks. This is -- we did roll that out globally, but also, particularly in China, and that has benefited us also in Q3. So different aspects that drove very nice growth, but pent-up demand was certainly one of them.

Yes. So let me take the first part, and then Shawn can take the second part. In terms of share gain, yes, we do count on share gains. But I -- our whole strategy is not for bold share gains, but actually share gains every year a few basis points because that adds up to something significant when we think about organic growth. We have experienced here maybe in the last 2 quarters a bigger shift in share gains. I would hope that in next year, we can still also have maybe a little bit an above average share gain, but not in the same magnitude as we have seen in the last 2 quarters.
Shawn, maybe to the second part of the question?

Yes. Actually, quantifying it, very difficult. Of course, we don't have particular market data from our direct competitors. We have some data points from our peers that give us a lot of comfort. I think it's more information that we get from our markets around the world. We see it also in terms of many new customers that we can gain. We have some KPIs that we use internally to monitor how much of our business comes from existing customers and how much comes from new customers. That all gives us these indications that we have been winning share.
I would be really hard pressed to come up with a number. Also, what I want to say is we feel this is something we achieved across the world, across businesses. And this is also very much driven by all these programs that I described that we apply really across everything. What we certainly also see the biggest benefit is in our direct business, and our direct business has been also growing faster than, for example, the indirect business. That's probably another indication why these programs work really well.

So as mentioned, it is related to the tips business and pipettes. It's related to testing kits or for testing centers, where pipettes and the tips are used. That's the part that we call tailwind because, obviously, this is tied to the number of tests being conducted and the tips demand associated with that. This can have a very high volatility in demand, and we see actually that volatility also following the waves and different regions. So the 1% to 2% was for Q3. For Q4, we would expect more like 1%. And when we think about next year, we could still see some tailwinds at the beginning of the year, and depending how COVID evolves, it would start to diminish, and then we would start to have some headwinds from a comparative standpoint.

So the 5% is more for the full year. And the 5% is actually a good number for also midterm. We always have a little bit of a fluctuation from quarter to quarter. But yes when you think about it -- when it's independent of product launches or particular events, then the 5% applies. The reason why you saw this summer a bit of a slowdown in the spending was, on one hand, the timing of projects, including also product launches and some of the temporary cost measures that we had, including also [indiscernible] furloughs in Europe had also some impact on the R&D spending. And in that sense, yes, Q4 will resume more normal level, maybe even a little bit higher level of R&D spending.

Yes, it was. Very much. So China was very strong, also related to this pent-up demand effect that we were talking about before and then the overall strong momentum that we see in our Chinese business. And then you might also recall that the Core Industrial in China has a little bit of higher percentage of the business mix than the rest of the world. So in that sense, a double effect.

So if you would have asked me 2 quarters ago or even 1 quarter ago, I would have thought that Core Industrial would be impacted more by COVID and the recession. I mean in that sense, pleasantly surprised. And I certainly explained it on one hand that the global economy recovered faster than we expected. But the second one also is, we were very successful in shifting our resources to the more resilient industries. And the more resilient industries, for example, being biopharma hold up very nicely, and we certainly feel we could gain share there also with our Core Industrial business. So yes, I'm happy to see that it's less cyclical than we would have expected and shows that we have also good execution on it. There are individual segments like, we call it, the MPE market, materials, plastic and electronics market, that is clearly down and suffering from the economic environment.

Oh, yes, absolutely. We really deploy it everywhere. And I think there is a multitude of tools that are helping. So one hand, we do the segment analysis and heat map that show us which account sites have the most potential, and we guide our sales force go after these opportunities. And then we use the digital tools, sales tools, virtual sales tools on top of that, so that, for example, our salespeople also for Industrial business would engage customers, not only by physical visits but more and more by video calls, by online webinars that are dedicated to accounts. We have a digital library and all that. All these topics apply across the business, including Core Industrial.

Good. Shawn, do you want to take the first one, I take the second one and Mary the third one?

Got you. So on the second one, the pipettes themselves are less of a capacity constraint issue. It's more the tips. And on the tips side, you have capacity problem in the whole industry, so not just that. We are in a reasonable situation because we have 3 production facilities. We have one in Mexico, we have one in California and we have one in China. They are all running at full theme and, of course, we leverage the 3 different facilities for the global supply, not just for local supply.
We have been successful in increasing the capacity over the last few months and will continue to further expand capacity. There are different levers that we have. We feel good about it. And we certainly feel that this capacity increase will also allow us to further gain share. The demand is certainly here, and I think we are in a good position to be faster to orders in terms of raising the capacity. This includes also a bigger facility expansion or new facility that will go live next summer. But our whole focus is actually to expand capacity already here in the next couple of weeks and certainly also into the first quarter. Mary, you take number three?

It's certainly in the area that we have talked about also in the past, and that's retail. In Food Retail, our Spinnaker approaches, our sales and marketing approaches have not the same benefit. In retail, we clearly see that we have a highly competitive market because it's more difficult to do value-selling, to differentiate in front of the customers. [ The projects are typically also bigger ]. So that's certainly an area where we are not focused on market share gains, but actually on profitability.
The second differentiation I could make is direct or indirect channels. Wherever we go direct channels, these approaches play much better to our benefit. We are introducing Spinnaker and applying Spinnaker approaches also to indirect channels. But you can imagine we don't have the same impact, and we can't implement all the tools in the same way. So that's probably the way I would mostly differentiate. From a geographic standpoint, I don't -- wouldn't differentiate. And for the core business, outside of retail, and if it's not a particularly big project or so, all of what we do here is applicable and would help us on the share gains.

So indeed, we had the last implementation in Product Inspection going live in Q3 in Tampa. This was the most demanding and the most complicated facility and operation to go into launch and go live. And you can imagine it was even more difficult to do that under COVID, very difficult people being in home offices, international teams not easily being traveling. Given all these challenges, we are happy with how things went.
It, nevertheless, had some impact on our Q3 numbers, as Shawn highlighted before, and we still have some more work to do in terms of -- implementation of Blue Ocean has been a challenge. Also after the go-live, there is always challenges in workflows that need to be optimized. It still has material data that needs to be optimized and so on. We are still going through these. But I do expect that in the next couple of weeks, we will have full stabilization and then we'll start to have the benefit like we have seen in all other units, including the other PI unit.
I want to recall that a few years ago, we went live with Garvens and Blue Ocean, the checkweighing business that initially was very difficult. And today, this checkweighing business is so much benefiting from the Blue Ocean implementation in terms of material cost savings, operational efficiency. I do expect that these things will also come to Tampa. But right now, we are still kind of streamlining things that we have to [ implement ]. And Shawn, do you want to talk about the second point?

All major producing organizations are now on Blue Ocean. That was the key part missing with Tampa, and that's also one of the reasons why the majority of the benefits that we can get out of Blue Ocean are now in operational mode.