Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call, which we are doing from Switzerland this quarter, which is why we started a little earlier than we normally do. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance. 
I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We're very pleased with the strong finish to the year with our fourth quarter results. Local currency sales growth was better-than-expected as demand in our markets remained favorable and we continued to execute very well. Total local currency sales grew 8% in the quarter. We had strong broad-based growth in most of our laboratory and industrial product lines. China had another quarter of excellent growth. Our sales growth, combined with results from our margin and productivity measures, drove very strong improvements in operating margins. And despite a 5% headwind due to adverse currency and higher tariff costs, we achieved a 15% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. All around, these are strong results. 
Our outlook for 2019 remains positive but similar to our comments to you last quarter, we remain concerned about the global economy. We do not see evidence of a downturn in our markets today but macro data and rhetoric surrounding international trade disputes make us cautious. We remain focused on execution of our growth initiatives and believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share regardless of market conditions. Assuming market conditions remain favorable, we believe we can generate good earnings growth in 2019. Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance, and I will come back later with additional comments on our business.

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our lab business continues to perform very well, with 7% sales growth in the quarter, which was against excellent growth in the prior year. Almost all product lines had good growth, with Analytical Instruments, Pipettes and Process Analytics particularly strong. We're executing well in this business as we benefit from a robust product portfolio, continued investment in field resources and our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. Last, we'll have tougher comparisons in 2019, but we expect good growth nonetheless. I will have some additional comments on lab shortly, but let me cover the other businesses. 
With respect to Industrial, we ended the year with strong sales growth in both core industrial and product inspection. Core industrial had an impressive growth of 13%, with all 3 regions and most product lines showing very good growth. These results reflect solid market demand and good execution. Product inspection had good growth in the fourth quarter, with 7% local currency growth. This business had been under some pressure for most of 2018 due to very tough comparisons and reduced spending by large packaged food companies. We expect growth in 2019 in the mid-single-digit range, which is below our long-term outlook for this business, as we think it will take some additional time for packaged food companies to return to full investment mode. 
The final piece of our company is the retail business, which was down 6% in the quarter based upon the timing of customer activity. Although negative, we are not overly concerned, given that we manage this business for profitability, not sales growth. We also expect a sales decline in the first quarter but expect for the full year that this business is relatively flat. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Europe ended the year with strong local currency sales despite a decline in food retailing. Lab had solid growth, while industrial, both core industrial and product inspection, were up strongly. In the Americas, lab had excellent growth. Product inspection was flat, while core industrial was up strongly. Retail was flat. 
Finally, Asia/Rest of the World had another quarter of excellent growth. Lab and industrial did very well, while retail was down. China had very strong growth in lab and industrial. One final comment on the business in the fourth quarter is service, which was up 9% for the quarter. We had excellent growth in both lab and industrial, reflecting traction on our growth initiatives surrounding service. 
That concludes my comments on the different pieces of the business for the fourth quarter. We're very pleased with how we ended the year. Let me comment in some more details on our lab business, which has had strong organic growth over the last 3 years. It now represents just over 50% of our business. We're benefiting from a very robust product pipeline. Lab receives a disproportionate amount of our R&D, and our recent and upcoming launches are yielding very tangible results. 
Our Spinnaker sales and marketing approaches work particularly well for this business, and we very much leverage cross and value-selling and innovative marketing that drives leads growth. There are also some market dynamics that are very favorable to our offering to the market. One example in the area of data integrity and specifically, how our instrument control software, LabX, is helping customers ensure compliance and data integrity. Data integrity is one of the most critical topics in the pharmaceutical industry today, and that's become a hot button issue with the FDA. In particular, the focus is on benchtop instruments, such as balances, pH meters and titrators that do not store data electronically. Such instruments typically use printouts as data records, which of course, can be subject to manipulation. This risk has gotten the attention of the FDA. Our answer to this challenge is LabX, our instrument control and data management software to control benchtop instruments. LabX supports all of our lab instruments, which represents approximately 40% of the instruments on a typical chemist's benchtop. LabX to well-designed workflows, standardization of validation methodologies and strong data management capabilities can help customers achieve their data integrity objectives. 
LabX can also be fully integrated in their LIMS system. LabX, as a fully compliant FDA 21 CFR Part 11 platform, addresses the FDA concerns by providing control to user access, full data traceability and secure data handling across all of these very commonly used product lines in the analytical testing and QA/QC in the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, customers enjoy significant productivity improvements as the training burden is reduced, as LabX can be standardized across many of these critical benchtop instruments. Most of our balance and analytical Instruments are used routinely in the QA/QC or testing lab. With LabX, data analysis and management are seamlessly integrated into one compliant software solution. 
One additional market dynamic is productivity and efficiency in the lab and our One Click approach that allows customers to simplify lab processes and ensure they are being done correctly, all with a simple click. The One Click technology incorporates shortcuts, methodologies and sophisticated analytics into an instrument so workflows can be executed easily and effectively. By combining our One Click approach with our LabX software, our regulated customers can ensure proper method operation and data integrity. 
Over the last 3 years, we have expanded our One Click concept to all of our Analytical Instruments. We are now taking the concept to our AutoChem instruments. By pairing One Click analytics with our IC software, we are able to use artificial intelligence to provide high-quality information from large amounts of data with limited user interaction. One benefit is a customer can analyze a reaction in approximately 2 minutes instead of the 2 hours it traditionally would have taken. LabX and One Click are just 2 examples of the value that our lab offering provides to customers. We believe our laboratory business is well positioned, and we will continue to focus on 5 key customer values: safe results, solid compliance, simple operation, sustainable value and seamless integrated processes. We have been incorporating these values into our products for some time. And while these are simple concepts, we believe they resonate well with customers and provide a compass for our development teams to ensure they bring real value, not just technology to customers. 
That concludes my comments on the lab business. In summary, we feel very good about how we finished 2018 and our outlook for this year. Assuming market conditions remain stable, we believe we are well-positioned to generate good sales growth, capital market share and deliver strong earnings growth. That concludes our prepared remarks, and I want to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

If I look how we did in Q4, we really saw very good growth across all the regions. It reflects still good market conditions but very much also, the strong execution of the team. We have invested quite some efforts to go off to the attractive segments of the markets. We have done some resource shifts in certain countries but if I also look at our marketing spending, our sales force guidance, we really support that our focus goes to the industrial segments that are most promising and here, I would name pharma, chemical and food. And less so, the more discrete manufacturing kind of the material plastic, electronics components market. And that gives me also confidence that in 2019, we still will have good growth, even if maybe there is a certain slowdown in the global economy. Our business today is a different one than -- that we had in the downturn, in the last downturn and that's particularly also true for industrial.

So far, we don't see a slowdown in China. We delivered very strong results in Q4. We have great momentum in most of the industry segments, but what I said before for industrial worldwide applies also to China. There are industrial segments that do better than others. Again, pharma, for example, would do very well and we -- but we would have the material or the discrete manufacturing sectors that are certainly impacted in China. And that's a market that today is less relevant for us than it was 10 years ago. We talked a lot about our Chinese market business mix that changed. We have today, a situation where the lab business is significantly bigger than it was a couple of years ago. And even within the industrial business, we succeeded to grow the PI business to become more significant. So I feel like we have a more healthy business mix. We have a team very focused on capturing the growth that comes from the industry segments that are growing in China and that are benefiting from the 5-year plans of the Chinese government. Looking forward, I don't expect the same growth rates out of China as we had. We rather would see a mid- to high single-digit growth in China. Here would see lab to be particularly strong, kind of expect from lab in China, high single-digit. As probably on the industry, it's more the low-single digit range. And that's reflecting basically also a slowdown of the Chinese economy, not the same in every segment.

Indeed we -- I was very pleased about the Q4 results here in service. It's a good reflection of what we did. It's -- I want to highlight maybe also for the full year, I was very happy with service because we did talk to you at the investor conference that we -- our products become better and better and therefore, we sell less spare parts, we have less break/fix. And the decline in the break/fix, we compensate with higher penetrations for contract business. And we have seen that happening throughout the year, definitely also in Q4. I see also that for some lab service business is doing particularly well, all these things. So the trends in our service business are all pointing to the right direction, and it's a result of the many initiatives that we have. I would also highlight that the service in percentage of total business has been growing over all these years. If I include consumables to it, it's today almost 1/3 of our total business. So a very attractive mix. I'm happy to see that our internal initiatives are actually delivering.

It's also related to timing of projects. We -- the product inspection business has also deals that are bigger and then the -- it's a timing question of things how they come together. Then the second factor is the packaged food industry overall and their investment commitments. We had seen in 2017, for example, very good large orders global rollouts. '18 was then slower on that one and we have certainly also, a comparison challenge. And in '19, I just don't see it yet that the large packaged food companies are coming back in the same degree with the large global rollout. And that's the reason why we are here a little bit more cautious for the year. But when I think about mid to long term, I certainly see the product inspection business to come back with very good growth numbers. Particularly, we have a very good competitive positions, we have a leading positions, and so I really see this as a very attractive business in the long term. But then short-term and again 2019, it will be a little bit more challenging. And yes, in that sense, I am happy how we delivered in Q4, but just because we had a good Q4 doesn't make the 2019 here an easy year.

No. No, no particular. It's -- and it was broad-based. It was across geographies and so nothing particular there I would highlight and that would explain it.

Not particularly by January. I think the guidance that we provided you before reflects different early indicators that we have. And you heard Shawn talk about also the business mix that we expect in Q1 and I think it remains very healthy across all the businesses. So I think that supports that the strong industrial number in Q4 wasn't just a spike. We, in general, feel good about that momentum. But of course, we recognize that industrial overall is more exposed to an economic environment, and that's certainly also the reason that for the full year, I expect a better performance from lab than I would from industrial, but industrial will continue to do well.

No. Actually, the average transaction size for us is not that high that customers would change their behavior just because of tax or anticipated price increases. Also, we did communicate for some price increases early on. No, I don't see a connection between the 2 things. And as Shawn highlighted, the backlog and indications for Q1 remains solid, so...

Yes, yes, yes. Yes, of course, Europe is certainly a region that we look at in a more cautious way, and there are certain countries where the economic forecasts were downgraded in the last couple of weeks, but that doesn't always mean that it's going to directly impact us. And I strongly feel that, for example, the pharma chem industry is still going very well, and we have a very big share of replacement business that is not directly linked to the economic environment. I always say to our team, we don't need that strong of a GDP growth that we can actually deliver good growth ourselves. And we are very much in that mode, we are still in an investment mode, we are in an offensive mode across the world, including Europe. And it's up to us to compensate maybe some slowdown in the economy and still deliver good results. And so far, all the indications support this statement.

Yes. First of all, the environment looks healthy for us, good. I am very happy with the results the team has been delivering. I'm very optimistic that we will continue to execute very well. We have some comparisons topics where we need to be a little bit realistic. And we have the retail business that we already called out before that we expect a decline. But absent of that, I actually really feel good about the Americas and I expect again, particularly lab to do very well also in the Americas.

I am not going to forecast too much on that one because our focus is really on the profitability. And with that, we remain very selective which projects we pursue. It's also a lumpy business and that's why we feel actually that we should deliver flat sales for the full year. But for example, early in the year, we expect we're going to be down. And I am not -- it's not a business that we're going to say, okay, we're going to drive it to low to mid-single growth. I actually -- as long as we grow profitability, I'm fine. You need also to know we shift resources and we try to shift resources towards the lab business and industrial business because we see there, a sustainable long-term growth opportunity, we see good profitability. And when you shift resources away from a business like the retail business, I want to be cautious then to expect growth mid or long-term. So yes, I hope this is giving you the necessary flavor.

So let me -- I take the big picture. I would split Pharma and Biopharma. Biopharma goes very well. We see a lot of investments. Investment in biopharma will benefit our core lab and also Process Analytics very much. We have, for example, the pipette business that is very much also in biopharma and we see very, very good momentum there. If we look at the other Pharma business, so more the small molecule business, for example, we still have very good momentum and we grow very nicely. But I would also recognize that maybe the investments are not in the same degree as biopharma. But here, we need also to differentiate by geography. You, for example, have still in the emerging markets, China in particular, a good underlying growth rate in Pharma and very much so. And so on a global scale, I feel good about Pharma and biopharma going forward.

So if I look at the mix today in China, we have about 45% that comes from lab. And then you have industrial, which is roughly 47%. But interestingly, that's quite a change versus 10 years ago, particularly if I look at core industrial. Core industrial 10 years ago would have been more like 60% as today, it is about 40%. And if I look at this 40% of core industrial, the end-user segments would also be different to what we had in the past. Namely today, pharma, chemical and food are really dominant end-user industries that we are serving. And as you can imagine, these are the industries that are more sustainable, they should offer very good mid and long-term growth. And I would expect them to be much less exposed to any tariffs or trade impacts. And that's actually one of the reasons why we feel actually more comfortable that whatever the Chinese economy will do, we will not see the same volatility as we have seen, for example, in 2015 where there was a significant downturn in China, and we were heavily impacted in our industrial business. Lab had reasonable growth at that time but the industrial was very impacted. But as I described before, our industrial business is today, different and I feel more comfortable going forward on this.

No, it doesn't imply something abruptly worse. It is rather a steady situation. And it implies that we continue to execute well in this steady environment and we continue to take market share. If the economy would take a downturn from the current steady state, I would still expect us to gain market share. But we would probably have a hard time to deliver this kind of growth that we are guiding you. But we don't see in our numbers any early negative indicators. And with what the forecast are out right now from The Economist, we feel comfortable with our guidance.