Thanks, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I'm happy to be here with you tonight. Before I cover the quarter, let me make some overall comments on Ukraine. We are deeply concerned about the ongoing war in Ukraine and its impact on so many people. We are monitoring the situation closely, and it is a relief to know that our employees in Ukraine could find shelter in safe places. We sincerely hope that the war will stop soon and the suffering of so many will come to an end. 
Now turning to our results. We had a very strong start to the year with our first quarter results. The highlights are on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 14% as compared to the prior year. We had excellent growth in our Laboratory and Industrial businesses and generally saw broad-based growth in most regions. Food Retail was again a headwind to our growth. Our ability to navigate the challenges of the global supply chain and meet customer demand is again proving to be a competitive advantage. 
We did face higher costs associated with supply chain and transportation in the quarter. However, despite this, we had very good increase in adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share. This growth is particularly impressive given the extraordinary growth we had in Q1 of last year. We feel positive about our outlook for Q2 and for the full year, although we are facing greater macro uncertainties as compared to the last time we spoke. We recognize our agility and resilience will be pivotal to navigate the challenges of these market conditions. 
Later, I will have some additional comments on our business, but let me now turn it over to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our lab business had excellent growth in the quarter with almost all product lines showing very robust growth. We expect another good quarter of growth in Q2 although it won't be at the level we had in the first quarter as comparisons are more challenging. We expect end markets to remain favorable. And with our excellent product portfolio and effective sales and marketing initiatives, we believe we can continue to gain market share in our laboratory business. 
Turning to our industrial business. Core industrial did very well in the quarter. We had expected a strong start to 2022, and it came in even better than we expected. Our strong product portfolio and good market demand which is driven in part by leveraging our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives are driving the good results. We will have solid growth in the second quarter and expect to continue to take share but will face tougher comparisons. Product inspection came in pretty much as we expected. We continue to be optimistic that we have good growth this year as large packaged food companies have shown strong interest in our product offering. 
Finally, Food Retail was again down meaningfully in the quarter as expected. We were impacted by a lack of project activity, weak market conditions, especially in China and shortage of electronic components. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 10% in the quarter with flat showing excellent growth, while Industrial had very good growth as well. Retail was a headwind to growth with a double-digit decline in the first quarter. Our sales growth in Europe for the remainder of the year will be modestly impacted due to a lack of sales in Russia. Otherwise, at this time, we are not assuming a considerable impact of European sales growth due to the war in the Ukraine. 
Overall, we expect solid growth in 2022 in Europe. Americas had excellent growth in the first quarter. Lab had great growth, while Industrial also had very strong growth. Retail had good growth as well. Americas will have tougher comparisons in the second quarter, but we expect good growth for Q2 and for the full year. 
Finally, Asia and the Rest of the World had excellent growth in the first quarter with outstanding growth in Laboratory and co-industrial. Retail was down significantly. China grew 16% with excellent growth in lab and core industrial. With respect to the lockdowns in China, our main manufacturing facilities are in Zhangzhou, which is about 115 miles outside of Shanghai. These facilities were not subject to the strict lockdowns that occurred in Shanghai. 
We do have a smaller production facility and offices in Shanghai, which were impacted by the shutdowns. We are one of the first group of companies to receive approval to reopen in Shanghai which we did last week. We also have suppliers in Shanghai that have been subject to the lockdowns. Our team in China has done a great job in navigating these challenging dynamics, but the situation is very dynamic and can change quickly. Assuming market conditions remain as they are today, we believe we will deliver strong growth in China in 2020. 
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables performed really well and were up 15% in the quarter. We are very pleased with the growth in this important and profitable part of the business. 
That concludes my comments on the business. The teams continue to show great agility in adapting to challenges in the macro economy, which has contributed to our strong results. Also contributing to these results is our continued focus on what we can control, namely providing solutions with clear value to our customers. New product development is an important component of our strategy and we are constantly coming to market with new products that enhance our customers' productivity, reduce their cost and support their data integrity requirements. With no one product by itself a significant to sales growth, together, our new product launches strongly support our organic growth strategy and market share gains and reinforce our innovation leadership. 
There are 2 important trends to our customers in both the lab and in industrial are facing, namely the need for greater automation and digitalization. Our solutions play very well in these prevailing trends. Let me give you some examples. I will ask customers are under increasing pressure for productivity improvement, while at the same time, facing labor challenges. Automated solutions can increase the productivity of workflows, minimized errors, improved safety and lower costs. We have some good examples of our products that support our customers' need for automation in the lab. 
Last year, we introduced our new automatic balance which sets a new standard for weighing by providing automated dispensing of powders and liquids, which speeds up and simplifies the often tedious and error-prone manual weighing process. The desired target amount is simply ended on the balanced terminal and the substance is dispensed directly into the container in a fully automated process. The balance is flexible and easy to use, can allow for smaller sample size and is a fully integrated benchtop system with a sample change that can be added to dispense up to 30 samples in a fully automated drum. 
This automated balance also supports digitalization needs of customers when paired with our instrument control software LabX, which can provide automatic data handling workflow guidance and central data storage, thereby meeting data integrity requirements of our lab customers. We also have good service opportunities in terms of installation, qualification and ongoing calibration. This balance is a unique solution and is a great example of how our innovation can support customers seeking to increase automation in their everyday operations. 
Another lab example is our automated liquid handler for titration that we recently launched. Titration for example, is used to measure concentrations, and requires fast and precise handling of sample solutions for analysis. Our new instrument allows for automated sample preparation and precise dilution. Importantly, it eliminates cross-contamination and delivers highly accurate dispensing, thereby allowing for continuous processing of complex workflows. 
The instrument allows for a quick and easy switch between application setups and automatic recognition of an RFID tag. LabX can also control the instrument secure data and support regulatory needs of the customer. 
Turning to Industrial. The trends of our automation and digitalization are also very relevant for our customers in manufacturing. Labor shortages and targets for increased output continued to accelerate the demand for industrial automation. Customers need easy-to-use, strongly guided solutions that drive tangible productivity improvements. At the same time, increased demand for higher speed, more data, life device status and real-time control drive digitalization needs, particularly around Ethernet-based plant floor connectivity. 
In the second half of the year, we introduced a new compact automation weighing indicator that exactly fulfills these customer demands. Our instrument seamlessly feeds weight data and system status for any of our scales and sensors into an end user automation system. Thereby helping customers automate very precise processes like pharmaceutical filling. It is easy to use with a quick system start-up, increased system running speed simplified programming and instantaneous and very reliable data transfer to more precise control. 
Customer response has been very positive, given the strong value proposition this new instrument provides. Software is important to our industrial customers as well as our lab customers. Our statistical control and process control software freeway reduces cost overfilling and support of our customers' demands for data integrity in regulated environments. Deviations during manufacturing, can be immediately corrected to achieve optimum field quality while meeting all regulatory compliance requirements. 
For food and chemical customers, our new Forms + Recipe management software helps customers replace paper-based recipe workflows, guiding operators to precisely weigh ingredients for perfect batches and of course, full traceability for regulatory compliance. These are just a couple of examples how our technology development is supporting the trends our customers are facing. Understanding these trends, in combination with our in-depth knowledge of customer processes underpins our new technology developments. 
New product launches, combined with our highly effective Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives are key drivers for our organic sales growth and market share gains. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. While challenges exist in the world today, -- we are convinced that with our well-ingrained growth initiatives and our agility and focus on execution, we can continue to gain market share. 
I would now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.

Yes. Shawn, I'll let you take this question again.

Yes. I can take that. Look, on the supply chain, of course, we're still facing headwinds like many other companies as well. The majority of the headwinds are still coming from electronic components. There's a shortage in the market on several fronts. So we have to go into broker buys trying to mitigate it. Sometimes we have to redesign some of our boards to other alternative electronic components, et cetera. But overall, the manufacturing team and our supply chain team is handling the situation extremely well. 
Those headwinds, we think will remain for the remainder of the year. There's not a lot of hope that the, let's say, the parts issue and components issue will resolve throughout the year. So we are taking care of that again by our flexibility in terms of being able to really sign boards or to ultimately increase inventory for some of the critical components that we need for our boards. 
Otherwise, on transform and logistics, I mean, you see the same news that we are seeing. There's definitely in China, in Shanghai, we see a lot of vessels in [indiscernible] waiting in front of the poll to be unloaded. There will be some stress there as well. And be able to anticipate that the overall logistic challenges will not cool off in Q2, maybe towards the later part of the year, but it remains to be seen. But again, we are very confident in our ability for Q2 with what we have so far on the way, we think we will be able to feed on a few numbers.

Okay. Good. Let me take the first part of the question, and then Shawn will cover the second one. 
Look, we are extremely pleased with our growth in the first quarter. And again, that's coming on 18% growth in Q1 last year. So it's not an easy compare. Same, by the way, is true for Q2. When you look at last year, we had 27% growth. And this year, we also forecast a very solid growth for Q2. We think that it's clearly driven by our strong product portfolio and our strong go-to-market strategies and the Spinnaker sales and marketing tools, which are really, really strong and helping us to guide our sales force to the most attractive targets, being very agile in identifying where the growth is, and this is going across all end markets. 
We see strong growth in the lab area. We see excellent growth still in the industrial area where we see a lot of demand for automation. And our portfolio is perfectly positioned to address the demand. So I would say it clearly reflects some of our market share gains that we are seeing right now. We have a strong portfolio. We have excellent strategies, bringing this innovation to market. And it's also why we are confident on the rest of the year. Shawn?

Yes. I'll start and then Shawn feel free to chime in. So let me start with, again, repeating to China is really off to a great start. As you said, 16% growth in local currency, and that's an excellent growth of more than 40% in the prior year. And despite the challenges that you hear in the country, we are -- our outlook for Q2 and for the full year is very good. And I think there are many factors that contribute to this. But it's the diversity of our business in China and that should not be overlooked. I mean we have a very broad footprint in industry, very broad footprint in lab. 
And we've got tremendous diversity in customer's end markets and product lines. That's actually a great advantage, particularly when the market conditions are more challenging like they are at the moment. So the lockdowns, as I mentioned in my remarks before, it also didn't affect us too much in Q1 given that our major manufacturing centers are outside of Shanghai. 
And then also our logistics hub in China has not -- was not materially impacted either in this quarter. So again, that gives us a lot of confidence for Q2 and Q3. We see strong interest in our products. We have a broad-based portfolio that is in China, still a lot of demand for automation. On the lab side, a lot of demand for new products, especially by small labs and the biolabs and data into equity, as I mentioned, is driving a lot of demand for our pharma products. So overall, confident in China moving forward because we also have a very strong team that applies our go-to-market strategy seamlessly. 
Our Spinnaker sales to marketing opportunities, really looking for the hot segments in the market like the battery segment and also that we can clearly identify very early. We have AI buys mark-to-market search tools in place where we identify the customers that are going to invest using different data sources and intelligence behind that we identify that. And then we have very dedicated sales force guidance tools in place to drive our sales force to these new investment targets. 
And that agility, I think, speaks of that drives a lot of our growth that we see in China.

Well, yes, PendoTECH is performing extremely well. We are very, very happy with that acquisition. It's clearly exceeding our expectation. If at all, I would say, we're running sometimes hot in terms of our capacity because there's such strong demand, but the team does an outstanding job and really trying to address all the customer demands that we're seeing. 
And we do not really see a slowdown in the demand moving forward. So really happy with the acquisition. Integration is going really well. We could really leverage the synergies between method leaders, go-to-market strength, the stronger manufacturing footprint, the buying power we have and bringing this smaller company and that was at an inflection point to reach out to a broader global market that all came to fruition. 
So extremely happy with the acquisition and how the integration is going. The same, by the way, is true for the software company that we acquired last year, Scale-up Systems. but also helps to drive a lot of sales with our AutoChem business and just shows that when you bring these smaller companies in and you are the right partner for them with the right portfolio that can accelerate the growth.

Yes. Thanks. I'm happy to take that question. So regarding chip shortage, yes, I mean I would say the product line of the division that was most affected by it actually was our retail business, and I think we had it in our remarks as well. And that has to do with the fact that we're using some specific chips that are also used in the consumer industry for some of the displays, for example. 
There have been some significant shortage, which introduced delays for us. In other product areas, we could mitigate mostly by broker buys, which drives up, of course, cost of goods, but we also try to compensate that on pricing, et cetera. So to your question whether we see this easing up for the rest of the year? Not really. I think the market will remain to be hot on semiconductor and microprocessors. 
Again, our agility to redesign boards and part of your R&D team is, of course, always busy in making sure that we have design alternatives in place to go to alternative microprocessors for our Boards, wherever possible to make sure that we can fulfill customer demand, which is still very, very healthy.