Thanks, Adam, and good evening, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call. I am pleased to report another quarter of strong results as our sophisticated sales and marketing programs, our innovative product portfolio and our supply chain agility continue to be strong competitive advantages. 
The highlights of our third quarter performance are detailed on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales in the quarter increased 10% as compared to the prior year, with particularly strong results in the Americas and in China. We had very good growth in our laboratory and core industrial businesses. 
Our robust sales growth and effective execution of our margin initiatives resulted in very good growth in adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings growth, despite significant foreign exchange headwinds. As we look towards the remainder of the year and on to 2023, forecasting remains challenging, and we acknowledge there is greater uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. 
These uncertainties will require us to remain agile and focus on factors we can control, namely leveraging our strong strategic programs to identify and target profitable growth opportunities. We continue to strengthen our market position and benefit from the strong execution of our growth initiatives, as well as favorable market trends such as automation and digitalization. 
Based on market conditions today, we believe we will generate good sales growth for the remainder of the year and in 2023. Continued execution of our margin and productivity initiatives will support strong financial results. 
Later, I will have some additional comments on our business, but let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Shawn and I recently completed our annual global budget tour, meeting with our colleagues around the world for in-depth reviews of strategic frameworks and key initiatives of our operating units. Those of you that have followed us closely know this is an important element of our annual planning process, as it allows us to spend considerable time with our colleagues to discuss and analyze the opportunities across our diverse business. 
Although uncertainty exists in the outlook for the global economy over the next year, I feel very good about the underlying strategies we have in place, and believe we are well positioned to enhance our market position going forward. We are quite confident that we can continue to gain share and generate good earnings in 2022 and 2023. 
Let me share with you some comments on our operating results as well as more details on our outlook for 2023. Starting with our lab business, I am very pleased with the strong sales growth we have delivered this quarter and year-to-date, and we saw good results across most of our portfolio. We expect good sales performance continuing in the fourth quarter and next year. 
As we think about our lab business over the medium term, we expect investment by pharma and biopharma into new drug modalities will provide great opportunities for us to support them with our solutions. The trend of digitalization in labs has also accelerated, and our solutions help customers realize productivity gains and address growing compliance and data validation requirements. 
We also will look to target a significant growth of curing in hot segments like lithium-ion batteries, semiconductors, green hydrogen and sustainable polymers, to name a few. We leverage a highly agile approach to capture growth in these segments, applying a systematic voice of the customer approach on a segment and application level to identify attractive opportunities and ensure we have the correct strategies, product road maps and marketing efforts in place to take advantage of them. 
Switching now to the industrial business. Core industrial had very strong results in the third quarter and year-to-date. We see good demand, particularly for our automation solutions, as our customers look to improve productivity and increase yields. We have also seen good interest from pharma and biopharma customers as they utilize our solutions to efficiently bring new drugs to production. 
Like our laboratory business, hot segments are important for our core industrial business as well, and we have seen very strong activity from customers serving lithium-ion battery industry in China, Europe, and the Americas. While we are seeing good demand to date in core industrial, and our business has shifted over the years to more resilient industries, our business is not immune to changes in the economy. High energy cost and softer economic activity may weigh on our customers in Europe and, in particular, in the [ bok ] chemical customers. 
Nevertheless, we expect to deliver solid growth in our core industrial business in the fourth quarter and next year. Over the long term, labor shortages, and the trend of near-shoring and reshoring to establish more resilient supply chains, is expected to benefit our core industrial business over the coming years. Additionally, new product development has been critical to our success in meeting customer needs for automation solutions and we provide equipment that is very easy to integrate into customers' control systems and also meets the most stringent data integrity and cybersecurity requirements. 
We are also optimistic about our product portfolio and exciting innovations we have brought to market and new products to come. For example, in addition to the strong growth we have seen with our compact automation offering, our new line of hygienic bench and floor scales positions us well to win with pharma and food customers in the coming years. 
Turning now to product inspection business. We had good growth with strong demand in the Americas, which was offset in part by a more cautious investment activity in Europe. Some of our packaged food manufacturing customers face a more challenging operating environment and are focused on mitigating margin pressures from inflation and supply chain disruptions. However, we would still expect overall growth in the fourth quarter and into 2023. 
While the pandemic, high input costs and the war to Ukraine have resulted in lower relative sales growth for product inspection in the recent years, we remain convinced that the long-term growth dynamics remain strong. We are not standing still and continue to seek out pockets of growth, including checkweighing in both industry, pharma and confectionery customers. And we have expanded our mid-range -- our mid-market coverage with new product offerings in X-ray and metal detection. 
I'd also want to remind you that service is very important to our product inspection customers, and we have new initiatives underway to support our customers' uptime, while at the same time improving our service technician productivity. These include augmented reality for remote customer support and advanced remote diagnostics to identify and recommend quick repairs to keep our food manufacturing customers up and running. 
Lastly, our food retail business delivered strong results in the third quarter, with strength in the Americas offset by weakness in China due to pandemic-related lockdowns. Our team has built good momentum recently and has an attractive product pipeline for 2023, and we are optimistic that we can generate profitable growth over the next year. 
Let me make some comments by geography. We had very good performance in the Americas. Again, strong growth in last year's third quarter with strong growth across product inspection, core industrial, and retail. We have a favorable outlook for the remainder of the year and in 2023. 
Switching to Europe. Our sales grew about 5%, excluding the impact of Russia. The war in the Ukraine has led to sharply higher energy costs across the region and has weighed on some of our customers' investment appetite, particularly packaged food manufacturers and some chemical customers. We still see good investment level from other customer segments, including biopharma and firms involved in the development and production of electric vehicles. We expect moderate growth in Q4 and next year. 
Finally, for Asia and the Rest of the World, they had very strong growth in the third quarter as our team successfully navigated challenging operating conditions with the pandemic and COVID-19 lockdowns, and also executed very well on our strategic initiatives. Going forward, we look to continue to optimize our sales force guidance activities in China to pursue attractive opportunities, and we will also increase our focus on leveraging digital approaches to generate customer leads. 
Our lab and industrial business have performed very well this year, which we expect to persist for the rest of the year and in 2023. We remain optimistic about several key long-term market drivers in China, including the continued development of pharmaceutical, biotechnology, electrical vehicles, microelectronic and new material industries. We are very well positioned to take advantage of these growth opportunities and have continued to invest in our sales and marketing efforts to support our growth in China. 
While we remain optimistic about the long term, we acknowledge there is uncertainty in the short term and we know from the past that economic conditions can change very quickly in China, requiring us to remain agile. So that is a summary of our outlook for the fourth quarter and next year. 
As you think about our long term -- as you think about the longer term, we very strongly believe that favorable market dynamics, our growth initiatives and our improved business mix is supportive of our long-term growth algorithm of 6% plus local currency sales growth and mid-teens earnings growth. This will be accomplished by gaining additional market share through strong execution of Spinnaker, which includes optimizing our sales force guidance and cross-selling initiatives, increasing customer engagement with digital tools and selling services at the point of sale. 
Our team will continue to pursue the most attractive, fast-growing and resilient market segments. We will also continue to invest in new product innovations that will be the foundation of future growth. And I would note that our portfolio and go-to-market approach is uniquely positioned to deliver on customer requirements for automation and digitalization. 
Our strategies and initiatives are well developed and well ingrained throughout the organization and will continue to be critical in gaining market share and driving sales and operating margin growth. 
That concludes our prepared remarks, and I now want to open the call for questions.

Very good. Thanks for the question, Josh. So look, LabX, we are really happy how LabX is being rolled out to more customers around the world. It has a very strong reputation in the market. For those who are not aware, not -- who don't know the background of LabX, it's our instrument control software for our lab products -- for most of our lab products, actually, not only controls instruments, it also reflects the entire workflows. 
So it's a very strong software solution that helps our customers also on the compliance and data integrity side. It's definitely one of the strong selling points for us for pharma customers and larger customers who are under even more strict compliance restrictions. 
And as we increasingly connect more of our lab instruments to LabX, it's becoming a strong differentiator for us as well, positioning our products in the broader lab space. 
Again, we continue to roll this out, not only with key accounts who have several accounts using our lab software on a broader base, but we see a very strong success in this -- in the overall lab space. As I said, we continue to connect more instruments moving forward. Our goal is to have most of our instruments connected to LabX and helping our customers [ as I've said ] to reflect the entire workflow with our instruments and having the software backbone to not only store the data, but also reflect the workflows, et cetera. 
Really strong selling proposition for us and also against our competitors, as I said, who don't have a similar solution. So I'm really happy with where we are, and we continue to add features and, again, connect more instruments moving forward.

This is Patrick. We are very pleased with our results in China. As you said, we had 15% in the quarter. And we also forecast double-digit growth for the fourth quarter. So we are really happy how China is supporting for us. We have a very strong organization there. And it's really performing extremely well. 
We have not been affected big time by the corporate lockdowns. Our manufacturing sites continue to manufacture under restrictions, but they have been operational. We see our sales team, as we said in the remarks, also really fully leveraging the Spinnaker tools that really reach out to customers and capture the fast-growing segments in China as well as a lot of momentum behind, for example, electrical vehicles, the battery segment, the lithium-ion segment, but we're also seeing still very good growth in pharma and biopharma in China. 
So we are -- make sure we have continued to be very pleasantly surprised by the performance. Again, we have been optimistic for Q3, it totally came in as expected or even better. And our outlook for China is still positive. Long term, of course, it's anyway positive. Short term, there are always risk in China. Of course, as we all acknowledge, it can be short-term lockdown impacts or others. But I think you should look at China from a long-term growth perspective. It is very promising. 
I think we will continue to see growth. We have an organization there that is very strong, both on the sales and marketing side, but also don't forget we have manufacturing and R&D as well. And from that perspective, I think we have a really good understanding about what drives market momentum in China and can also quickly adopt (sic) [ adapt ] to fast-growing segments and capture those.

Yes, absolutely. I'll take that. Look, we are very happy with how PendoTECH is performing. It has been probably one of the best acquisitions in terms of overall growth, and it may not in total volume, but overall growth. It's really exceeding our expectations. We are very happy. We are still seeing strong demand from our end customers. 
And we continue to build out the organization. We started, as you know, mainly with pressure sensors. In the future, we'll look at, into additional single-use sensors as well. It's now, in the meantime, really well connected and ingrained in the overall process business. 
So we are very optimistic on the outlook for the business moving forward.

Thank you. I'll take that question. Look, in Europe and product inspection, a lot of them are large international, multinational companies. And what we are seeing is that they are not canceling projects, but they are delaying projects. I think overall, they have become a bit more cautious with their projects and how they are spending their money, at least in this quarter and probably also in Q4. So they are postponing projects and they have, I would say, a better line of sight of how things develop in Europe. 
It's not specific to any particular country in Europe. So I would say you see this from most -- from several customers, but it's not linked to 1 country at all.

I can take this.

As we said, of course, there are still ongoing multiple risks, and it's not only Europe, again, in China, we're talking potentially about continued lockdowns related to COVID-19, but there's not yet clarity of how that will evolve. 
Further to talk maybe for a minute about Europe, I mean war in Europe with the related energy crisis, et cetera, just throws quite some uncertainty in the outlook of 2023. Of course, if that would be resolved, we would see upside to our current projection. But who knows? 
I mean it's -- there's no short-term resolution in sight, and there's actually also not really clear about how big those impacts will be, right? How many of the chemical customers will be affected, will there be energy outages? What does this mean for the entire strategy? We took, of course, that all into consideration and tried to make a very reasonable forecast for 2023, but we cannot make like these risks, right? 
And they are now in our forecast if those would go away and of course there would be upside. But how much is really hard to quantify again, and how our customers will respond to these crises.

I mean what I want to say is, so looking back at just the last crisis, we went into COVID-19 and our organization has really demonstrated incredible agility to adjust to the market conditions, and we will apply similar or same measures as -- moving forward if any new crisis comes up. 
I think we are very well trained and very agile and have demonstrated actually how we can react to changing market conditions and the flexibility of our organizations and the tools we have in place. As I said also in my remarks in the beginning, we have these tools in place where we can very quickly identify the pockets of growth in the market and send our sales team to those and capture those opportunities as they come up.

Well, look, as you rightfully said, it's a smaller part of our business. It's about 5% of the total business. We are -- we have seen really good projects over the last couple of months where we have been really successful. We're also looking at a rollout of an upgraded portfolio of products. 
So we are optimistic with the product we have. But in terms of the overall volatility in the market, we don't see any short-term changes. Again, I mentioned also in the remarks at the end, in China, we're currently facing an issue with the lockdown, which affects a lot of the retail customers there. And we don't know exactly how long that will continue. 
If it eases up, there is probably some upside. But overall volatility, I don't expect a total -- a significant change in 2023. What we do want to say is that we have, again, a pretty strong portfolio and also the number of projects we have won over the last couple of months also gives us confidence in the portfolio.

I would say not significant also because we didn't service or serve the majority of the COVID testing labs, right? Our majority, Shawn, as you said, have been biopharma, research labs, et cetera, which didn't overstock to the same extent as a lot of testing customers.

Actually a good question, but no, we have not heard any significant impact or changes driven by any government initiatives at the moment.