Thanks, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I'm happy to host the call tonight, which I'm doing from Switzerland, while Shawn and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. I want to start by thanking you for your interest and commitment to Mettler-Toledo. I knew many of the analysts on the call have covered us for quite some time and know us well. We also have very long-standing shareholders who are also listening in. I look forward to our future interactions and hope that they can take place in person in the not-so-distant future. Let me make some brief comments on my impressions of the first several months at Mettler-Toledo. It is clear that the company's strategies and initiatives are well developed and well ingrained throughout the organization. A high level of accountability is evident throughout the company, which underpins the culture of strong execution. I am impressed with the interactions I have had with colleagues around the world, and I share their passion for customers and innovation that is very apparent in how they approach their responsibilities. It is exciting to join Mettler-Toledo at a time of such strong momentum, which I think is also a great reflection on Olivier's legacy as a CEO. Under his leadership, the company developed a strong foundation for future growth. I'm also grateful for the thorough onboarding process Olivier prepared for me. I am committed to the organic growth strategy of Mettler-Toledo, and will work with the team to enhance our performance and continue the strong track record of top and bottom line growth that has been in place for many years. 
Now let me turn to our financial results. The highlights are on Page 3 of the presentation, and you can see we are off to a fantastic start to 2021. It was apparent with our Q1 guidance that we expected a very good quarter. However, it came in even better than we expected. Local currency growth was 18%, and we had strong broad-based growth in all regions. China, in particular, had outstanding growth, and our growth in Americas and Europe was also better than we expected. Since the onset of the pandemic, the organization has been focused on identifying areas of growth and ensuring that we are strongly positioned once demand recovered. The team executed well to capitalize on recovering market demand and to meet customer needs. With the excellent sales growth, combined with good cost control and benefit of our margin and productivity initiatives, we achieved a 64% growth in adjusted EPS. Cash flow generation was also impressive as we achieved an almost 200% increase in our free cash flow generation. We believe the positive momentum will continue into Q2 and expect another quarter of robust sales and earnings growth. As we look to the full year 2021, we believe we can continue to gain market share and deliver very strong results. Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financial and guidance details, and then I will come back with some additional commentary on the business and an overview of the PendoTECH acquisition that we completed in the quarter. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our lab business had outstanding growth in the quarter. Pipettes had excellent growth and continued to benefit from COVID-19 related testing demand. All other product categories had also robust sales growth and growth in all regions was very strong. Biopharma trends continue to be very favorable and we also experienced improved customer demand in other segments such as chemical. We expect Lab to be very strong in the second quarter due to favorable biopharma trends, vaccine research and bioproduction scale-up and production. We also expect to continue to benefit from pent-up demand in segments outside biopharma. While Lab will face tougher comparisons in the second half of the year, we believe we are well positioned to continue to capture share given the strength of our product portfolio and continued strong execution of our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. In terms of our Industrial business, Core Industrial did very well in the quarter with a 26% increase in sales driven by China, which had growth in Core Industrial in excess of 60%. Europe and Americas also had strong low to mid-teens growth in Core Industrial. Improving market conditions combined with the strength and diversity of our product portfolio, and our focus on attractive market segments contributed to the strong results. Our outlook for Core Industrial is very good for Q2, while they will face more difficult comparisons, particularly in China in the second half of the year. 
Product inspection came in pretty much as we expected with a 5% local currency sales growth in the quarter. Europe and Asia had growth, while Americas was flat with the prior year. We would expect modestly better growth in Q2, but this business continues to be challenged as large packaged food companies continue to face operational challenges related to COVID-19 and are careful with installing new equipment or even bringing service people into their facilities. We believe pent-up demand exists for our instruments, but ultimate timing is still hard to determine. Food retailing came in better than expected with 13% growth because of better market demand in Europe and Asia and the rest of the world. 
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 14% in the quarter, with excellent growth in Lab, Core Industrial and Food Retail. Americas also increased 14% in the quarter with excellent growth in Lab and Core Industrial, offset by flat results in Product Inspection and a decline in Food Retail. Finally, Asia and the Rest of the World grew 29% in the quarter with very strong growth in most product lines. As you heard from Shawn, China had outstanding growth of 44% in the quarter with excellent growth across most product lines. We are benefiting from robust demand in many of the market segments we serve. This includes very strong growth in Life Sciences, Food and Chemical. From a product point of view, our industrial customers are seeking greater automation and digitalization, which bodes very well for our product offering. We're also seeing benefits of government spending in key priority areas, such as new research labs, safety in food supply and packaged foods and investments in various strategic priorities. Our achievement in China are a great example of how we positioned ourselves to capture growth as demand recovered. Our Spinnaker sales and marketing techniques, including our go-to-market approach, which we adapted due to a new environment, have served us very well in terms of identifying and capturing these growth opportunities. We have also worked over many years to ensure that our product portfolio in China is well suited for the local market, which gives us an advantage. We expect good momentum to continue in China this quarter, And then you will see a more modest growth in the second half of the year due to very strong growth in the prior year. 
One final comment on the business. Service and Consumables performed well and were up 11% in the quarter. That concludes my comments on the business. Not only is our business off to a great start in 2021, we also made a strategic bolt-on acquisition to further expand one of our most attractive businesses, process analytics. Let me provide some additional insights into the acquisition. We are a global leader in real-time measurement of key process control parameters, which customers use to optimize their production processes. About 50% of the Process Analytics business is to the pharma and biopharma market, with an emphasis on sensors to monitor PH, dissolved oxygen, carbon dioxide and other parameters. Our solutions combine sensor technologies for specific measurements, transmitters and services. The sensors must be calibrated, maintained and replaced on a timely basis, which creates an attractive consumable stream. Process Analytics has achieved above-market growth for numerous years, benefiting from the strength in bioproduction and very successful Spinnaker sales and marketing strategies and techniques. We also have a great track record of technology innovation. We are a leader in the market with our innovative intelligent sensor management technology, which optimizes sensor replacement to avoid unexpected downtime. Other examples of innovations include in-line measurement of carbon dioxide and high-performance optical sensors for dissolved oxygen. The company we acquired, PendoTECH, is a manufacturer and distributor of single-use sensors, transmitters, control systems and software, serving the biopharmaceutical manufacturers and life science laboratories. Their primary focus is pressure, which is a common control parameter used in bioprocess applications. They are well recognized for the leading edge innovation in single-use sensors that are becoming increasingly important in bioproduction as it provides greater manufacturing flexibility. They have extensive knowledge surrounding disposable flow cells and connector designs, and have strong bioprocess downstream application know-how. 
This is an excellent strategic acquisition as it expands our presence in the very attractive high-growth bioprocess market. We have a complementary offering in bioprocessing applications of our strength in upstream and PendoTECH in downstream. With the combination, we will create one of the most competitive single-use sensor offerings in the market. We see attractive cross-selling opportunities as we believe there is significant customer benefit from using the same vendor in upstream and downstream bioprocess applications. Finally, we see good opportunity to expand PendoTECH's presence on a global basis, leveraging our global reach and large customer base. We are excited about this transaction and believe it will further our already strong leadership position in Process Analytics. 
Let me wrap up by commenting that we are off to a very good start to the year. The team has shown a tremendous level of resilience and agility in adapting and reacting to market conditions that are changing rapidly. We remain focused on meeting our customer needs and believe we can continue to gain market share and deliver strong results. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we now want to open the line for questions.

Okay. Thanks, Derik I'll start off and then let Shawn comment on the pricing topic specifically as well. Well, first on the shortage of pipettes and pipette tips in the market right now. You're absolutely spot on. There is still a shortage in the market, especially related to COVID-19 testing. But as Shawn elaborated, we definitely expect the testing demand for COVID-19 going down towards the second half of the year. And there's probably not the same amount in life science research or other areas that would compensate fully for that demand. This is why we are more cautious about the outlook, and don't expect the same tailwind from the pipette business in terms of revenues in the second half. On pricing, we had the first pricing round this year already, and I'll let Shawn also comment about the overall impact of that.

Very good question, Vijay. And thanks for the computations on the quarter. We are very proud of this quarter, as you can imagine, as we really performed much better than we expected. Now to your question regarding acquisitions, look, Mettler-Toledo has historically a very strong organic growth story and also success in organic growth.  Our business model is really on increasing market share every year by better go-to-market strategy with our Spinnaker sales and marketing technologies, having unique products in the market in terms of our design, usability, et cetera, they are very much favored by our customers. And we see that growth story to continue for quite some time. We still have plenty of headroom to grow. That will not change. It's fundamentally an organic growth story. We continue to do bolt-on acquisitions, tuck-in acquisitions. You could all recall them wherever we think it makes sense from a technology perspective or where it complements our product portfolio. So I'm personally, of course, very committed to the organic growth strategy, which doesn't mean we are looking at potential acquisitions as they would make sense. I think Mettler-Toledo overall is a great platform for such small or medium-sized tuck-in acquisitions, bolt-on acquisitions, but the underlying story definitely is an organic growth story.

Yes. Let me start off, and then I'll pass it off again to Shawn regarding some -- to give some additional flavor on the guidance question. So of course, the increased guidance is number one, based on our strong Q1 result and our confidence in our Q2 number. We see how well our products are received in the market. We see how strong our go-to-market strategy around Spinnaker sales and marketing really plays out. As I said, in my commentaries already is, I think we prepared the team extremely well to capture the market demands that we covered. And we guide our sales force very effectively to the opportunities out there. And that gives us strong confidence for Q2, and also of course, for the remainder of the year, even in light of the potential headwinds and risks and uncertainties that we mentioned like shortages in semiconductors and maybe some of the shortages in material supplies. which we factored into this forecast. But overall, I would say, be -- our confidence in this guidance range is very strong. Shawn, do you want to add some additional flavor?

Yes. Excellent question, Tycho. Look, I mean, as I came into Mettler-Toledo actually, I would almost say I found what I expected, it's a very well-run organization, very focused on the strategic priorities and really focused on execution. The strategic priorities for the company will not change. I mean our strategies are very well ingrained throughout the organization. We are focusing on our end market opportunities in terms of the areas where we can gain market share. We continue to evolve also the underlying strong programs and strategies we have put in place around Spinnaker sales and marketing, which is -- has been an evolution in strategies for more than 10 or 15 years already. 
The same is true on the Stern Drive program regarding operational excellence and productivity projects across the company. I will definitely continue to work with the team on those, both of those programs because we think and we are convinced they still have a lot of headroom. I was talking a little bit about our opportunity to gain market share, it's very tangible for us. We see the opportunities. We see the market opportunities. We guide the sales force into the right directions. And frankly, we also have very solid product development, new product development program underway that we continue to exit. That will be definitely also a strategic focus area for myself, to make sure that we launch products into market segments where we see the strongest underlying growth. Over the last 10, 15 years, Mettler continuously made a shift more towards faster-growing market spaces in the Lab and life science market, which continues to grow. And there's definitely, again, an emphasis also on my side to continue that trajectory to find, identify and capture these faster-growing market segments for Mettler-Toledo. Then on our strategy, priorities for me, clearly also working on next-generation leadership, as you would expect from every CEO. Have a strong focus on that as well to make sure that we internally also develop leaders for the company that can drive the company forward and continue this exceptional growth story.

Yes. Well, let me take it, Patrick. Look, we are really, really happy with our results in China. I think it was truly exceptional, much better than we expected, and we commend the team for the excellent execution and capitalizing on the growth opportunities we have there. There have been several dynamics that you should consider when evaluating our China results. First, the number looks very high for the first quarter, but the comparisons are very easy because they were down 13% in the prior year. However, the 2-year combined growth rate is still very good. We are very strongly positioned in China with our sales and marketing initiatives, which are allowing us to gain share and support customers. 
We also have worked over the last numerous years to adapt our products for the local market, which helps to support our leading position in many of the product categories in China. And in terms of the underlying dynamics, Shawn said, we see strong recovery in many of our end markets. Life Sciences, in particular, is very strong and continue -- we continue to expect growth from this end market. Other dynamics we are seeing is that although we primarily serve local markets in China, our local customers there see some greater demand from the western world, actually. And that, of course, fueled some of the end markets for us like chemical. And finally, I think we're also benefiting from the government spending. If you look at China's 5-year plan and the investments behind it, in things like new labs, funding research also continue to fund safety in food supply, also in packaged food is impacted as well, that plays out for us very well. So -- and then last but not least, similar to the rest of the world, there is an increasing focus also on automation, which plays very well for our offerings in China. So we are pretty confident that the momentum in China will continue and we strongly believe we will have a very good Q2. And then, as we said, also more moderate growth because of tougher compares in the second half of the year.

Yes, definitely, I can take it as well. Look, for product inspection, I think for us pretty much it will be that the investment in the end market comes back and the confidence in the end market comes back and that customers will be willing, again, to invest in their facilities to bring people into their facilities. They have been pretty restrictive given the COVID-19 situation. As I said, I think in my introductory remarks, the product line has been facing issues even with bringing service people into some of the customer sites because they were so afraid of the COVID-19 situation there. So as that market as the COVID-19 situation eases up, we think that some of the pent-up demand of our customers will then materialize for us also into somewhat higher growth rates towards the second half of the year.

Yes. So if I might add some flavor there as well. Definitely, it's a very -- it's very high on our radar stream, so to speak, to make sure that we  address the potentially upcoming topics. We -- in some areas, we have built some safety stock, especially in areas of semiconductors that are under pressure right now as you have heard from other parts of the industry. Take the automobile industry, where they have sent thousands of workers home last week, for example, in Germany because of shortage of electronic components. Again, our supply chain team is working with our vendors very closely to make sure that we understand the overall supply chain situation, build safety stock wherever possible and then continue to mitigate. We also continue to mitigate internally, looking into even potential design changes where it would be adequate to make sure that we can continue to manufacture with other components if needed. Pretty unpredictable right now. I would say that the supply chain spends more energy than ever on this topic, to ensure that we are not facing any major shortage, but we are certainly not immune from the overall trends. So no guarantees, but I can tell you that we, at least for the most competitive components, we know of, we handle them also with some -- we have some safety stock, et cetera.

Yes. Good question. And let me comment on this. So as I said, extremely pleased with the acquisition of PendoTECH. I think it's really complementary also to our strength that we already have in some of the bioprocessing and even some single-use sensors that we also have at Mettler-Toledo. So it's complementing the portfolio very nicely. PendoTECH definitely stronger in downstream. We are more at the moment, stronger in upstream. But if you look at the combination of the 2 businesses, as I said, it's actually very beneficial for customers to have the same window for both upstream and downstream applications. I think we, from as Mettler-Toledo, bring a lot to the table for PendoTECH in terms of our global reach, global footprint, our customer base and expand actually the market reach for them worldwide. 
We also have definitely sensor technology know-how in areas where they don't play today. But they have, on the other hand, a lot of design knowhow of how to implement sensors in single-use designs that are used in downstream applications. So I think there's a lot of technology leverage that comes together, as well as a good market leverage in terms of our strength and our global reach that we have as Mettler-Toledo. The integration is going extremely well. We are very pleased of how things are going. There was 0 disruption for our customers. Actually, the response we have received from PendoTECH customers was extremely positive. We are helping them also on the supply chain side, securing supply for actually increased demands in -- for their products as well. So I think this is really a combination of 2 companies that will provide a lot of benefit for customers in the biopharma space.

Look, typically, I'll start off with this, and I'll let Shawn then chime in as well, since he has longer experience with this product line than I have. But I can tell you that the sales cycle, of course, for investments like you would see it in product inspections are definitely longer. I mean these products are in most of the cases, is it designed for the specific application and the specific line of the customer. So you have to think about the customer has basically a food manufacturing line, and they will ask -- they want to add some specific product inspection, whether it's metal detection, whether it's X-ray, whether it's visual inspection, and the devices have to fit their manufacturing line. 
So part of the process is basically that our sales rep would come in and work with the customer on, number one, what -- what his needs are in terms of the subject that he wants to detect in there, whether it's x-ray, whether it's metal detection, whether it's visual or check lane, even. And then it comes to the point where we say, okay, we have the right solutions. And then it comes to designing to the installed base of the rest of the manufacturing line that is in place there. So it fits. And that cycle actually takes a couple of days to several weeks to get through to final approval process with the customer as well and then the system is built. So it's not something that's will turn around in a couple of weeks when you talk about pent-up demand. What we're doing, however, is, we start -- we increased our marketing efforts. We also brought our demo trucks back on the road, especially in Europe, to be close to customers who cannot go to trade shows, et cetera. So we bring the product to customers so they can see them, how they look like and then can basically start the conversation with the our sales rep about potential investments for the next couple of quarters. Shawn, any additional flavor you want to...

Yes. Absolutely, Shawn. And I mean, the only thing I could potentially add here is, as you know, this is also a strong consumables business, so to speak, because the sensors have to be replaced on a regular base, which builds a very healthy revenue stream for us given the strong installed base we have. And then also, we have new technologies, like the intelligent sensor management technologies, which is very attractive for many customers, which allows us to upgrade them and even replace some of our competitors in the space. So we are looking actually a very healthy funnel for our Process Analytics business.