Thanks, Mary, and good evening, everyone. We had a great finish to 2021 with strong fourth quarter results. We capitalized on robust customer demand and executed very well, particularly with respect to our supply chain to meet customer demands. The strength and agility of the teams around the world are reflected in these results.
The highlights of the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales growth was 11%, and we had particular strong growth in the Americas and Asia and Rest of the World. Both our Laboratory and Industrial product lines performed very well. As expected, Food Retail was a headwind to our overall sales growth as we again had a significant decline in the quarter.
Despite facing higher material and transportation costs due to challenges in the supply chain, we had very solid growth in adjusted operating profit and strong growth in adjusted EPS in the quarter.
The fourth quarter was the end to an excellent year of results. For the full year, we achieved an 18% increase in local currency sales, a 26% increase in adjusted operating profit, which resulted in a margin improvement of 130 basis points. We had adjusted -- we had outstanding 32% growth in adjusted EPS. And finally, cash flow generation in 2021 was excellent.
We not only achieved great results, we also strengthened our competitive position in 2021 as innovation nourished our excellent product portfolio and comprehensive services offering combined with our Spinnaker sales and marketing strategies helped us capture growth opportunities.
We also did a superb job navigating the hurdles in the global supply chain. Our agility and excellent execution further reinforced our already strong brand. Importantly, our impressive results last year allowed us to make important investments for future growth. We are confident in our ability to continue to gain share and believe we are ideally positioned to deliver strong results in 2022 and beyond.
I will have some additional comments later, but let me turn it first to Shawn to cover the financial results. Shawn?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our Lab business had very strong growth in the quarter despite having great growth in the prior year. Almost all product lines showed robust growth.
We will start the year with very good momentum in Lab in the first quarter, while growth in the remaining quarters will be impacted by challenging multiyear comparisons. With our excellent product portfolio and effective sales and marketing initiatives, we believe we are well positioned to capture growth and continue to gain market share in our Laboratory business.
Turning to our Industrial business. Core industrial did very well in the quarter and will have a strong start to 2022. We are benefiting from our attractive product portfolio, very good implementation of Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives as well as increasing demand from our customers for automation and digitalization. We will face tougher comparisons as the year progresses, but expect to continue to gain share here as well.
We are pleased with another quarter of good growth in product inspection, which increased 10% in the quarter. We expect a good start to the year and are optimistic that we will have good growth in 2022 as large packaged food companies show more appetite for investments.
Finally, Food Retail declined 20% in the fourth quarter. We were impacted by shortages of electronic components as well as timing of project activity. We expect low double-digit decline in the first quarter and overall do not expect much growth here in 2022.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 4% in the fourth quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Both Lab and Industrial had solid growth, while Retail was down double digits. We expect good growth in Europe to start the year and overall solid growth for the full year 2022.
Americas had another quarter of very strong growth with 16% increase. Lab had excellent growth, while Industrial also did very well. Retail was down significantly. Americas will also have a strong start to the year and then face more challenging comparisons as the year progresses.
Finally, Asia/Rest of World grew 14% in the fourth quarter with outstanding growth in Laboratory and product inspection and very good growth in core industrial. China grew 12% with excellent growth in Lab. We are very strongly positioned in China, and the team continues to execute well.
One final comment on the business. Service and consumables performed really well and were up 10% in the quarter. We continue to be very pleased with the growth in this important and profitable part of the business. That concludes my comments on the business.
While COVID is not yet behind us, we believe we will exit the pandemic in a stronger competitive position. Many factors have contributed to this, including our excellent product portfolio, extensive service offering, well-ingrained and proven sales and marketing strategies and an agile and experienced supply chain team.
Another important factor is our process and system harmonization program, Blue Ocean, which is the foundation and enabler of many of our corporate programs and initiatives. Blue Ocean is a multiyear program that harmonizes how we do business internally and with customers. It encompasses all aspects of our franchise: sales, service, supply chain, R&D, HR and finance. With harmonized processes and data, we can leverage a globally standardized single-instance IT system that digitalizes our processes and provides data that increases our business transparency.
Let me provide some additional insight. Blue Ocean supports the framework for our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives. Our CRM and installed base provides extensive details on customers and potential customers that we use in marketing campaigns, sales, project alerts, cross-selling campaigns and support for other data analytics techniques. It provides comprehensive data on customers' purchasing activity.
Blue Ocean is also the foundation for our pricing program. It provides data analytics to guide us in our pricing decisions and also allows us to implement price increases efficiently on a global basis. Similarly, Blue Ocean harmonizes our services offering, allowing us to provide standardized services on a global basis. It also provides transparency in terms of field service productivity, service profitability by customer and highlights additional sales opportunities.
Our supply chain is highly complex as it involves more than 3,000 possible suppliers, 150,000 different SKUs, more than 800,000 components, 19 production organizations and 3 logistic hubs. Blue Ocean provides us with the transparency and real-time data that is critical for navigating supply chain challenges.
Agility and collaboration between our market organizations and business units allow us to leverage our supply chain as a competitive advantage in helping us gain share. Blue Ocean is critical to the success of our SternDrive program as it provides the data and transparency to continually make improvements to our back office and manufacturing productivity.
Finally, Blue Ocean is instrumental in providing meaningful real-time information that has become particularly important during the last 2 years, given how quickly market conditions have been changing. We developed specialized and tailored data alerts, allowing us to see firsthand the impact on our business and allow us to make decisions quickly. We will continue to evolve Blue Ocean and believe it has become a clear competitive advantage for us.
Before I conclude, I also want to make a brief comment on our ESG initiatives. We are committed to sustainable development across the broad environmental, social and governance aspects covered by our long-standing GreenMT sustainability program. We believe it is our responsibility to act in a manner that considers future generations.
We have great accomplishments in ESG, including achieving carbon neutrality with respect to Scope 1 and 2 emissions and sourcing 100% renewable electricity. We focus on 5 key areas: one, environmental; two, sustainable products and services; three, responsible supply chain; four, engaged employees; and five, good corporate governance.
While we have an excellent track record in ESG, we have set ambitious targets for the future. Importantly, we have recently committed to absolute emission reduction targets consistent with the latest criteria issued by the Science Based Targets initiative. This will cover Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. We have also set a target to reduce our waste intensity by 20% and achieve 0 waste to landfill by 2025.
To reinforce the importance of ESG, executive management compensation in 2022 will incorporate specific environmental as well as diversity targets. I think both Blue Ocean and our ESG goals are great examples of how Mettler-Toledo focuses on the long term to enhance the value of our franchise.
I would now like the operator to open the call for questions.

Let me take that. Look -- I mean our business in China has been very strong. We have a very strong footprint in China. We have been there for 30 years. We serve many customers in a broad base. Also, as a reminder, more than 40% of our business in China is Industrial business. But to biopharma and what we're seeing there is very healthy trends for us. We have overall not seen impacts from lockdowns in the last quarter. And right now, at least what we are hearing from the team is they are not concerned of any of the impact that you mentioned regarding biopharma right now.

Maybe I'll start off, Shawn, and let you chime in as well. So let me talk through the product categories. I mean, we see sustained demand, healthy demand in our Lab business moving forward. So we -- and Shawn gave you the numbers in terms of the growth expectations. So Lab, I would say, holds up very strong, has been strong in Q4 already.
We're also pleasantly surprised by the momentum that we still see in Industrial, driven by the demand for automation and digitalization. And our product portfolio that we have there really serves the demand very well. I think I mentioned in my comments also the fact that we're still seeing some healthy appetite in product inspections from some of the packaged food companies out there.
So overall, I would say we are actually, on a broader front across these categories that I just mentioned, really well -- nicely surprised that we see stronger demand than we anticipated when we gave you the last guidance, and that's why we raised the guidance. That's basically -- I wouldn't point to any specific end market here, not to any specific region. I would say, overall, we see better demand than we expected.

No. Look, I wouldn't say there was catch-up or any pent-up demand. We saw -- we see really strong demand for our products. We have a very strong product portfolio. I think it competes extremely well. Right now, we also have been able to deliver to our end customers, and that came to some extent at some cost, as Shawn also mentioned, that drives -- that had a little bit of impact on our gross margin because we do broker buys for chips, et cetera, big components, more expensive. But it's very important for us to really make sure that we can deliver products to our customers.
Overall, I think we see very strong demand for our products, and it's reflected in those numbers. There is not a specific market segment that I would point to. Pharma, biopharma, as we said, is very strong for us for Lab. But it is also, of course, deployed in other segments like even battery segment. Or if you look at the broader chemical segment, of course, all of the labs buy products from us. And there is healthy amount from these end markets. None of them really specifically that sticks out in terms of change versus what we had guided regarding Q4.

Yes, I'll take it. Good questions on Industrial. I think it is -- as we look into 2022, of course, we will face tougher comparisons, as I said, as we're going deeper into 2022 towards the second half, but we see good demand in end markets. It's driven basically in all major regions by demand for automation and for digitalization. Shawn mentioned that as well. That's the really fundamental driver we have, an outstanding performance platform there on the product side to serve those demands.
And we are confident that also the new products that we launch this year like the Industry360 (sic) [ IND360 ] terminal really addresses these demands nicely. And we think it will continue into 2022. Of course, given that we will have tougher comparisons, you will not see the same growth rates in the second half. But we're competing extremely well there.
On your comment regarding PendoTECH, we are very pleased with that acquisition. Actually, it outperformed our expectations in 2021, and we see continued strong demand as we go into 2022 for the products.

Okay, Shawn, I'll take it. Okay. Look, we are really happy with the result of product inspection in Q4, also with the full year results. We are clearly a leader in product inspections. We have the products -- broadest product range and also the largest services network. Our outlook for 2022 is good, and we are assuming that we see more investment from large food manufacturing. So there is some pent-up demand. And that's why we also guided to double-digit growth in the first quarter, and we expect this segment for us to perform really, really well.
But also as a reminder, to understand food manufacturers represent only about 70% of our product inspection business. And these customers have been impacted by COVID. Remember, last year, we talked about the fact that it was also difficult for our service people to get in some of these accounts and deliver services. That is coming back -- has come nicely back. So we will also see better service growth than we had last year in this segment as well.

Well, look, a very good question, Matt. Thanks. I mean we continuously invest in Blue Ocean since many, many years, right? And we -- right now, about 85% of the overall business is on Blue Ocean. So we still have a couple of roll-ins to do, but we're making good progress there.
Definitely, the investments we're doing are all targeting productivity enhancements across the board. So we will continue to benefit from those. Whether it will be an acceleration of margin improvement, I don't think so. I mean we have a history. We have made all these good improvements in margin expansion, so I wouldn't put that into consideration we move forward.
We will make -- we'll continue to make improvements, but I think we will not see an acceleration just by the fact that we do these investments in Blue Ocean. We have done this in the past. We're making great progress. We are absolutely convinced it is a competitive advantage for us, and it will continue to drive improvement, but not accelerate it.

Yes. I mean it's -- look, our confidence in Q1 is driven by demand. We are seeing -- as we said, we are not dramatically impacted by any lockdowns in China right now. There is, of course, a little bit uncertainty moving forward. It might have some impact. But we are pretty confident that -- on the 10% that we have given you for Q1. We see the demand. We see the regions performing, not only Asia Pacific and not only China, it's also the U.S. and Europe is performing as we expect. And that gives us confidence that we will have a solid -- really solid Q1.
In terms of the other questions, it's a little bit of both. There's a little bit of volume, and it's, of course, a little bit of pricing. I mean we don't want to quantify that [ perfectly ]. Shawn already made comments on pricing, but it's a component of both. We have volume increase, and we have some pricing impact as well.

And it's true for both. That's true for material, but also transportation. We don't think that [ leads ] up before the second half.

Yes. Very good question, Catherine. Thank you. I mean look, I think we have a very good potential in consumables and services. In services, of course, we're also going after our installed base and making sure that those customers who do not have their products on a contract can also switch to contract because it just gives them a more reliable service pattern overall in terms of early maintenance, et cetera.
The 10% we have seen was definitely very strong in Q4. I would say, we -- I -- my expectation for service is it maintains in the high single-digit range for 2022. It's a very profitable business for us, and we are putting a lot of emphasis on making sure that our customers understand the benefit of our services. And we're broadening the service offering over time. So I think this is quite some runway.

I think -- well, I think it will probably continue as it played out in 2021 and 2020 into probably the next 1 or 2 years. That's what we are seeing at least from some of the accounts that we are closely monitoring. And I think it's not only pharma. By the way, we see also some very good momentum in semiconductor where the big facility is coming up now in the United States, where -- a lot of core facilities are coming back to the United States, which is also a very good business for us.
So I think that, again, that will continue from our perspective at least through 2022 or maybe also 2023. It's definitely some good tailwind for the overall market.

Very good question. Maybe I'll start with some backdrop. We believe we have strengthened our competitive position throughout the pandemic and tend to believe that we are coming out of COVID stronger. We have a very strong foundation across many businesses. We have market-leading positions. We have an excellent product portfolio and a global service network. I think we are able to adapt our sales and marketing tools and techniques to the new environment. And as a result, we continue to gain share, as we mentioned it many times, despite a challenge in these environments.
Our markets nicely rebounded in 2021 and have worked very effectively to capitalize on this growth. Now looking forward, I still think you should think about us as a mid-single-digit growth on an organic basis in the midterm. That's about the dimension that we also think about it.
It, of course, will depend on how the underlying market performs. If it goes back to where it has been pre-pandemic, I think that's the right range we are thinking right now. Of course, if there is momentum in the market, we will -- again, our goal is to grow above our underlying market. But I would like you to think still in mid-single digits.

Bye-bye.