Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call, which we are doing from Switzerland this evening, which is why we started earlier than usual. 
I will start with a summary of the quarter, Bill will provide details on our second quarter results, and Shawn will provide an update to our guidance. I will then have some additional comments, and we will then open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Sales growth in the quarter was 7% in local currency, which is a very good, given the excellent 10% growth in the prior year period. China has particular strong growth in the quarter. This strong sales growth, combined with our continued focus on margin and cost savings measures, drove a 19% increase in adjusted EPS. This is particularly impressive given the 22% adjusted EPS growth we achieved in the second quarter of last year.
All in all, we are quite pleased with the second quarter and our first half results this year. Demand in our markets continued to remain solid and assuming no change in the market conditions, we believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share and drive further earnings growth in the remainder of 2018 and beyond.
Let me now turn it to Bill to provide additional details on the quarter. Bill?

Thanks, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on the second quarter. Our lab business continues to perform well. Lab benefited from some acquisition revenue from Biotix. However, our organic growth in lab had good growth over the prior year. Balances continue to do quite well, and Analytical Instruments and pipettes also had good growth, particularly if you look at it on a 2-year basis. 
Process Analytics had excellent growth in the quarter, and I will provide an update on this business shortly. The continued strong lab growth reflects our excellent product portfolio, investment in field resources and our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives.
Turning now to industrials. Let me cover this in 2 parts, starting with core industrial, which had sales growth of 7% in the quarter. Very good growth, particularly, given the very solid growth in the prior year period. Asia had a strong growth, driven by excellent results in China. Europe also had strong growth in core industrial, while Americas also have growth.
The other part of industrial is product inspection, which was down modestly in the quarter. The results were principally driven by the very strong 20% sales growth achieved in the second quarter of last year, which Bill mentioned earlier.
The final piece of our company is the retail business, which was up 6% in the quarter, a little better than we expected, given some project activity in United States.
Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Europe had good growth in the quarter, with industrial particular strong, but also good growth in lab. Retail was down in Europe. In the Americas, lab and core industrial have solid growth. As anticipated, product inspection was down against excellent growth in the year earlier period. Retail in the Americas was strong due to project activity just mentioned.
Finally, Asia/Rest of the World had strong growth with excellent growth in lab and good growth in industrial. Retail was up modestly in Asia/Rest of the World. China had very strong growth across most product lines.
That concludes my comments on the business. Let me also provide an update to our service business, which have growth of 6% in the first half and 10% in the second quarter. As a reminder, service represents approximately 23% of total sales and has a unique competitive advantage for us as well as an important platform for revenue growth. We have a service force of approximately 2,800 people, which is by far larger than any direct competitor. 
Central to our service growth strategy is increasing the percentage of our installed base under service contract. With more service contract business, we can enhance the productivity of our technicians and create more customer value through supporting regulatory compliance and enhancing equipment uptime through preventive maintenance.
Our current service growth initiatives are centered on our installed base of instruments. With more than 10 million installed instruments, our iBase provides ample opportunities to further penetrate existing accounts for service opportunities. We have prioritized biopharma and packaged food, as our global service offering has the highest value to customers in regulated industries. Of utmost importance to them is ensuring they are in compliance with their standard operating procedures as well as ensuring uptime in their manufacturing operations.
Big Data analytics is giving us tools to identify service opportunities within our installed base.
We can isolate potential opportunities by the age of the instrument and by past instrument performance. This allows us to do specific targeted marketing most appropriate for that part of the product lifecycle. Big Data is also allowing us to further penetrate existing accounts by identifying cross-selling opportunities within large global key accounts, where service decisions are made at a local level. We have invested in service telesales resources to follow up on leads and develop specific targeted sales messages based on customer's actual data. We are encouraged by the results and believe this will allow us to continue to grow the service contract revenue above the company average.
In addition to growth initiatives in service, we also have initiatives to further improve operating margins. Although these margins are well above the company average, we see further opportunities to increase our field force efficiency and improve pricing realization.
One additional update I want to provide today is on our Process Analytics business, which had a strong first half and has a great track record of technology innovation. It has a sizable percentage of its revenue from consumables and service, approximately 40%, and has achieved above-market growth for numerous years. It represents about 10% of total sales and generates above group average profitability. Process Analytics provides in-line and real-time measurement of key analytical parameters for industrial liquids, which helps pharma, biotech and chemical companies to monitor and optimize their production processes. While the total market is large, we are a leader in industrial applications for pH, TOC, conductivity and dissolved oxygen measurement in production processes as well as auxiliary processes like ultrapure water monitoring. 
Our solutions' combined sensor technologies for specific measurements, transmitters and services. The sensors must be calibrated, maintained and replaced on a timely basis, which creates an attractive, consumable steam. Over the last several years, we have further solidified our leadership position by expanding our portfolio into gas analytics with lasers, power generation analyzers and bacterial detection in ultrapure water analysis.
We continue to enhance our technology leadership in this market. We recently launched a new portable dissolved oxygen meter that can automatically calibrate installed in-line oxygen sensors. We also launched a new turbidity sensor, which significantly expands performance levels. Both of these products are targeted to the growing beer production segment. With our expanded portfolio, we can now provide a comprehensive solution package, which provides great opportunities in the larger brewers.
Another attractive aspect to the turbidity launch is that we moved the production of these sensors to China as a first step to build up sensor knowledge. Over time, we expect to move the entire turbidity parameter to China, which will help to achieve meaningful cost savings in this product's category.
Very soon, we will launch our new pH sensor called InPro X1, which is based on a breakthrough technology and represents a leapfrog over any other pH sensor in the market today. Key benefit of the new sensor is the unbreakable design of the sensing element, thereby ensuring no relief of contaminants or debris. It has cutting-edge measurement performance, and no calibration is needed at installation due to our intelligent sensor management technology that allows precalibration of sensors.
One additional example of our technology is the upcoming introduction of our new TOC sensor, featuring performance enhancement and intelligent sensor management. It will have significant enhanced measurement performance as well as provide superior features to help customers comply with regulation. In particular, we open new propriety services based on full traceable tools that ensure compliance for customers.
These are only few of the many product launches taking place in Process Analytics, but I thought they were good examples of our technology know-how and leadership. In addition to technology, Process Analytics is a great example of our continuous improvement philosophy with respect of sales and marketing. This business was the original pilot of our Spinnaker approach and for 15 years now they have been working to continuously refine and enhance the sales and marketing program. Process Analytics excellent product portfolio combined with the leading edge sales and marketing initiatives, should continue to yield share gains for this business.
That concludes our prepared remarks, and I want to ask the operator to now open the line for questions.

In general, we don't see any early signs of things changing. We have a very solid environment. The team is still very upbeat. And the only thing that impact us is, of course, this previous year comparisons, and that's a little bit different quarter-by-quarter. But otherwise, we feel -- and we -- visibility that we have is good across all the product lines. You specifically asked about last, we have now many, many quarters of very solid growth, and I expect that to continue. But I would, of course, also say that we need to very carefully monitor things. For example, we are simply seeing that the stock market in China reacted to all this tariffs announcements, and so we certainly wouldn't exclude that this will also impact the demand. But it's too early for us to see it. And the only reason why we are here a little bit more cautious with our outlook is, again, related to comparisons, and we certainly had, also, some pent-up demand benefits the last couple of quarters that will not go on. And the pent-up demand is particular relevant in context of our industrial business for labs that wasn't impacting us.

Yes. If you look at how our numbers, a part of the challenge has been self-created in the sense that we did talk on the last call that we have some facility consolidation. You -- we moved our biggest facility in the U.S. to a new location. But at the same time, we also closed 2 facilities, one in Chicago and one in Itika and moved these product lines to this new bigger facility down in Florida. And that's certainly absorbed a lot of energy. Internally, we have, certainly, also some challenges in the supply chain. And then that we have the other part which is related to our checkweighing business where we went live with our Blue Ocean system. And so often, when we go live, it takes a couple of months to be back in a smooth operations. So that was one effect. The other effect that we certainly also see is, a certain slowdown from our packaged food customers. We have in previous year, excellent, big orders with global rollout. This year, we don't see them materializing in the same way. And that makes it a very difficult previous year comparisons on top of the things that I described before. And that makes us, also, a little bit cautious for the remainder of the year. The fundamentals remain very solid. And mid-term, we are very excited about this business. But again, it might well take a while until we see solid growth coming back. And certainly, this comments of before, we want to see that the packaged food companies reengage in global rollout and increase their spending in protecting your brands and all the value propositions that we offer.

Yes. As often, when we talk about new product, we share these with you to highlight how we continuously invest in our technology leadership that helps us to differentiate versus competition that allows us to increase prices and so on. But we have so many products in our portfolio that the new product really doesn't change the needle. It's -- it doesn't make that big of a difference. And to put it in perspective, Process Analytics, we talk about roughly 10% of our revenue and all these products that I mentioned will add to the growth. But you heard us also saying Process Analytics have very good growth already, and we benefit from previous product launches. So I don't want to suggest here that Process Analytics would further accelerate. But it gives us actually good confidence that Process Analytics would continue this kind of growth with this excellent profitability that we have and this -- in essence, we presented it for what we do for the whole group. We have many, many product launches across all the product businesses that we have.

The comments of Shawn before were really focused on the direct impact that they do -- have. So it impacts our material costs, basically, the cost of goods. We try to offset that as far as possible through price increases and a few supply chain adjustments, and that's the piece that we have under control. There is a tentative, significant indirect impact on our customer base that we talked before about the food industry. For example, the meat industry in the U.S. is certainly impacted, and that can have ripple effect. But it's sometimes actually difficult to say if it's good or bad for us. So we always need to adjustment. And then there is the overall impact on the economy that, of course, we have. It's difficult to anticipate and we don't really control. And so all our comments before was really focused on the direct impacts and there we feel actually we have good measures in place to mitigate the impact. But Shawn highlighted that maybe from a timing perspective, it might not always be in the same quarter that the cost is coming and the benefits, for example, of pricing that offsets it.

So the Chicago facility, that's done. That's -- including in the Itika, so the U.S. relocation is completed, and it's more a question of fully digesting it. The other facility relocation that we have is in Switzerland. There is -- that impacts the laboratory balance business here in the coming few weeks. However, that -- I expect this actually to be much smoother and at this stage really don't expect any impact on our supply chain. And I just got the update yesterday that, basically, I think, except one person every -- all the employees will actually join us at the new location, and that gives you an indication that it should be really much smoother, and it's also much more standardized product makes it also simpler. And then the other relocations that will take place later in the year are office jobs, and so I don't expect any impact from there.

So the pent-up demand was specific to China. The -- we -- this is not a topic for the Rest of the World. In China, we had a situation where, it -- for the industrial business really had a very difficult environment about 3 years ago. And then there were some sectors that hardly recovered and honestly, we also, kind of, shifted resources away from that sectors and then focused much more efforts on the chemical industry, pharma industry, food industry that we think -- feel is more sustainable and more core to us. And there, we have certainly a good customer base where we have this pent-up demand because they have slowed down in the replacement cycle but also they had not invested in additional capacity in the same way. And now where the growth is coming back, we have the pent-up demand. Quantifying it is, however, difficult, but I certainly have 3 groups this exceptional growth that we have apart to this.

Yes, we gave, of course, some prebriefing to our operating units around the world, what we want to focus on going forward, what kind of environment we expect. In essence, we are expecting the macroeconomic environments to be actually quite similar to what we had this year. We expect all the units to remain agile and in case that things would change and you have seen us in the past, actually, reacting to these things quite in a fast way. But the work and assumptions right now is that things remain the way they are right now. And I would also say, we are in a continuous investment mode. So you have seen us doing field doable programs in the recent quarters. And I'm filming that mode, I just approved a couple of more of this investment project and I do expect, actually, good growth going forward, coming also from all the different programs that we have in place around sales and marketing, around field doables, new product launches and so on. So that's very much the briefings that we gave to the units. And I have no indication from any team that they see particular concerns or changing economic environment. But of course, I don't want to say that macroeconomic things might not impact us. A dollar appreciation, for example, can impact also certain emerging countries, and we would certainly also see that in the numbers. But that doesn't necessarily mean that we would address our operating plans. And with that, maybe, Shawn, 2 specific questions.

We will take, certainly, a couple of additional weeks, months. But I certainly feel that's the biggest challenge is now behind us.