Thank you, Mary. Good evening, everyone. I want to start by saying that I hope this finds all of you safe and well. We face unprecedented times, and I hope that you are adjusting. I'm doing this call from Switzerland, while Shawn and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Shawn will provide details on our financials. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A.
The highlights for the quarter on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales declined 3% in the quarter. The negative impact of COVID-19 to our sales in China was greater than we originally estimated. Local currency sales in other countries, particularly in Asia and Europe, were also negatively impacted by COVID-19. Despite the challenges to sales, with the benefit of our marginal productivity initiatives as well as some immediate cost-containment measures, we increased gross margins and maintained adjusted operating margins consistent with the prior year at 21.8%. Adjusted EPS in the quarter was slightly below the prior year.
The global spread of COVID-19 has impacted our businesses throughout the world. Our primary concern is protecting the health of employees and customers. We have diligently instituted safety protocols throughout the world, which is allowing us to continue to provide instruments and services to our customers, a majority of which are in the essential industry including pharma, food manufacturing, chemical, transportation and logistics and grocery stores. We quickly adjusted our go-to-market sales approach, how we deliver service and launched new products, given the new operating framework we are in. We are leveraging our substantial expertise in advanced data analytics to redirect resources to the best opportunities in markets, which are very challenging. In addition, we have already enacted temporary cost containment initiatives, which will result in a meaningful reduction in our operating expenses in near term.
Our overarching goal is to be well positioned to capitalize on growth once the recovery occurs. Our excellent competitive advantages, leading positions in fragmented markets, unique sales and marketing approach, steady stream of new products and the culture known for agility and execution will help us as we look to the future and post COVID. While we expect the near term to remain challenging, we continue to believe we can gain share regardless of market conditions.
Now let me turn to Shawn for the financials.

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start with a few comments on health and safety. I'm very pleased we were able to quickly adopt important safety protocols throughout the world regarding social distancing, hygiene, health monitoring, split shifts and remote work. The organization has adapted quite well, reflecting not only our execution but also our agility.
Although we are not providing full year guidance, let me give you some insight of how we have built our operating model for the coming quarters. At this time, we are working under the assumption of a U-shaped recovery and which is based on Q3 sales being not that different than Q2. A U-shape assumption would lead us to an improvement in Q4 and better results in 2021 with some likely benefit from pent-up demand. To be clear, these are the assumptions we are using to operate. There are many unknowns and we fully acknowledge that market conditions can change quickly, and we will remain agile to adapt our plans as necessary.
With that as a backdrop, let me cover several topics that are essential to continuing to serve our customers and positioning ourselves for growth once the economy recovers: first, the transformation of our go-to-market sales approach; second, how we are adjusting our service model; third is how we are continuing to evolve and launch new products, fourth is our supply chain and manufacturing; and finally, what are we doing in terms of our cost structure.
COVID-19 has an immediate impact on how we engage customers, and we now often lack direct access in many countries due to all office arrangements and travel restrictions. With a substantial foundation already in place, we were able to transform our go-to-market sales approach very quickly. Our direct sales force has shifted to telesales, and we have the digital tools and technology in place to convert customer visits and product demos to virtual meetings and videoconferencing. We upgraded our digital library, which hosts extensive product information to allow co-browsing by our customers. With a simple link access, a sales specialist can share a screen with a customer and show product information and demos through simple videos. We're also using advanced analytics with our sales force guidance approach to drive increased focus on newly prioritized customer segments, which can benefit the most in this environment.
Releasing resources to best-growth opportunities has always been fundamental to our sales approach, and it is more important than ever given the very challenging market conditions. Versus our direct competitors, this ability to target and proactively go after this opportunity is a key advantage. Our sales organization has undergone tremendous change in a matter of just weeks, none of which would have been possible without the foundational framework of our Spinnaker sales and marketing approach and our big data analytics capabilities. We believe this unique sales and marketing approach will allow us to outgrow the market and win share during this period.
We are also making significant adjustments to our service model. Our team has gone through extraordinary efforts to accommodate customer safety concerns, including late-night weekend service as well as significantly expanding our pickup/drop-off depot service offerings. We are working proactively with customers on required installations and factory acceptance testing. Our service technicians are also leveraging remote capabilities as the service organization continues to demonstrate a high level of agility as they respond to customer needs. Service increased mid-single digits in the first quarter but we would expect a mid- to high single-digit decline in the second quarter.
We don't expect any meaningful change to our R&D activities, except we needed to adjust how we launch new products in this new environment. A great example is the recent launch of SmartCheck, a benchmark instrument that can quickly verifying if a pipette is dispensing accurately. Regular pipette calibration and preventive maintenance are essential to reduce cost and wastes associated with out-of-calibration pipette. However, between calibration, failures and issues can arise. SmartCheck provides fast and easy pipette verification. It has a small footprint. It's simple to use and has results in less than 30 -- 60 seconds.
Our original plan was to unveil it at the European analytica trade conference in March. Instead, with these e-launches with light video streaming of a product demo. We also used this approach to train our sales reps. There is no similar product on the market, and this addition to our portfolio helps to reinforce our leadership in pipettes. This is just one small example of our focus on technology and new products.
In terms of our supply chain and manufacturing, thanks to proactive and timely measures by the team, we have had minimal impact to date. We overcame many requirements and challenges in terms of government restrictions, safety protocols, supplier issues and transportation and logistics obstacles. We were able to leverage our experience in China in which we were one of the first manufacturers to open after the shutdown. We are fully operational and are very pleased with our time -- with our on-time delivery performance. Of course, things could change at any time but as of now, we feel good about our ability to maintain our manufacturing operations and supply chain. The supply chain team throughout the world have done a great job in allowing us to maintain production and deliver.
The final topic is cost actions we have implemented. As you heard from Shawn, we expect to reduce our operating expenses by approximately 9% in the second quarter as compared to the prior year. Compared to our original bucket for 2020, it needs a reduction of approximately 12%, which of course is significant. I'm very pleased with our management team throughout the world and the agility and decisive actions they have demonstrated with respect to costs.
Shawn and I were able to align quickly with senior leaders on appropriate measures. And by mid-April, implementation was well underway. This has impacted our facilities throughout the world and thousands of employees with little disruption or loss of productivity. Our organization has adapted to the new realities of today and is functioning quite well.
In terms of the breakdown of these cost measures, approximately half of the operating expense reduction will come via workforce management, including voluntary salary reductions by senior leadership team, short work and furlough arrangements. The remaining amounts are meaningful reductions in discretionary expenses, including travel and variable compensation. We view these measures as temporary as we are not making fundamental changes to our structure, so we can be fully prepared for the recovery. We will continue to monitor and further adapt our cost structure as necessary depending on how market conditions evolve in the coming months.
That concludes my remarks on how we have adjusted our operating model to the current environment.
Let me now provide some brief comments on how we see our various businesses and geographies playing out in the near term. I will start with Lab, which represents more than 50% of total sales. Within Lab, businesses such as pipettes and AutoChem had very good performance in Q1. Our strong leadership in pipettes, particularly in the United States, has been beneficial given the extensive research and testing being done surrounding the virus. Our automated lab reactors, one of our key offerings within AutoChem, also had a great quarter. These instruments and associated real-time analysis tools allow pharma companies to optimize rapid scale-up of processes to lead to mass production of new drugs. This will be extremely important as researchers around the world work towards a vaccine.
However, these products also serve markets outside of life sciences that will result in negative growth in Q2. We would expect lab demand overall to be weak in the second quarter as labs are not fully operational due to work-from-home restrictions. Once they are back operational, we would expect some delay before instrument purchases return to normal buying patterns. We would expect to see Lab sales decline to low double digits in the second quarter.
In terms of Industrial business, let me break it down between Core and Product Inspection. For Core Industrial, we expect to see growth in China and in certain targeted end markets such as transportation and logistics. As mentioned earlier, our ability to target areas of growth is important to limit the decline in this business, given the overall declines expected in manufacturing GDP. Overall, we would expect our Core Industrial sales will decline mid- to high single digits in Q2.
Product Inspection has some positive and negative factors impacting demand. On the positive side, packaged food companies are seeing a significant increase in customer demand, which bodes well for our Product Inspection business. However, on the negative side, food manufacturers are very cautious on letting outside personnel into their facilities, which is impacting installations of our instruments. We will see how these factors play out in the coming quarter but would expect sales to be down high single digits to low double digits in Product Inspection for the second quarter.
Finally, we expect market conditions to continue to be very challenging for Food Retail, while grocery saw the benefiting from more eating at home, given the heightened demand and challenging operating conditions, we are not focused on upgrading or replacing their weighing instruments for perishable goods. In the medium term, this business will benefit but for the second quarter, we would expect a significant decline in food retailing likely in mid-teens range.
In terms of geography, we would expect meaningful declines in the Americas and Europe as well as certain parts of Asia Pacific outside of China in the second quarter. We would expect mid-single-digit growth in China in Q2.  That concludes our prepared comments.
The current environment is the most challenging and unique we have ever faced. We have quickly adapted our go-to-market approach and our service delivery to continue to meet the needs of our customers. We have leveraged substantial digital tools and technology and our expertise in big data analytics to ensure our front-end sales team prioritizes best opportunities. Our supply chain and manufacturing operations have overcome substantial obstacles to ensure continued production, and our teams throughout the world have quickly adapted to a remote work model. Cost measures are already in place to help us meet the challenges in the coming quarters. I'm confident we can continue to gain share during this challenging time and that we will be well positioned once the recovery gets underway.
I want to ask the operator now to open the line for questions.

Okay. Yes. So the AutoChem business, as highlighted, will benefit. We will continue also to benefit with the pipette business. And then I do expect that more investment will go into bioproduction and that will benefit again our AutoChem business, will also benefit our process analytics business, in particular with this Ingold products, and then industrial will also get some benefits.
And in general, I do expect that there will be industries -- end-user industries that will suffer for quite a while in this environment and the other industries that will be more attractive on one hand short term. And we are working on this already when I talked about shifting the priorities for our sales force. But then there also medium-term segments that I do view as more attractive going forward. I certainly expect that there is a desire from western governments to bring back certain active substance production. And that, for example, would also benefit us.
And when we think about big data analytics and when we think about driving our sales force to these opportunities, we look at industry segments, we look at specific accounts, and we certainly also look at announcements that companies are doing in terms of investments.

So about half of our service revenue is contract-based. And that business at this stage, we see no reason why it shouldn't recover. We didn't -- or we have good renewal rates and we didn't have cancellations. In that sense for that piece, I expect a V-shaped recovery. When it comes to break, fix and auto preemptive maintenance work, we certainly see that this is heavily impacted, but typically this would be rather delayed than canceled.
In general, I would view our service business as being resilient. But I do recognize, particular in the industrial world that capacity utilization and the wear down of our products has also a certain impact on service. Service will be severely impacted here in Q2 but I do expect that we have good recovery in the remainder of the year.

Yes. I think we're going to see big differences in the different geographies but also in the different business lines when we think about recovery. We talked about Service that should have kind of a V-shaped recovery before. I do expect that certain industry segments, for example, R&D labs and so on, they have a sharp drop here in the lockdowns but then we should certainly see a recovery. This is particularly true for more the lower-cost instruments that we have. But then to contrast that, we definitely have a business that is more project-oriented. We have businesses like thermal analysis, automated chemistry, high-end balances, titrators. And then on the Industrial side for example, checkweighers and x-ray. These are not instruments that customers buy within weeks. These are projects that typically take long renew cycles and evaluations until they commit and then we ship.
So early in Q2, we are still benefiting from a pipeline that existed before COVID. And then we have a situation in the lockdown now where very few new projects are initiated at customers for multiple reasons, but one is certainly also that people are operating out-of-home offices. Other reasons are that companies are slowing down their CapEx. And then sometimes it can be also that sites are not easily accessible. People don't want to bring additional disruptions by bringing new instruments and so on. So there are different reasons.
Now if I bring you all these businesses together, and if I think about the different geographies, I -- it starts to sum up more to a U-shaped recovery. And this is actually also the context why we are working with an operating model that Q3 will not be better than Q2. And only Q4 will start to see improvements because we do expect by then that our project pipeline will be filled again and that we have customers that are again initiating larger projects.

Yes, hey, interesting that you make this analogy, and it has certainly also been one thing that we studied. Very early on when the crisis started, we started to do revenue scenarios and we used different data points for us. I think one, in particular one that we care most is to look at the different industry segments and how they will be impacted or how we expect them to be impacted. And then we look those at sensitivities around what we have experienced 10 years ago. Unfortunately, I am now already in my second crisis as a CEO, and so I still remember well that crisis.
Now a couple of things to consider when you compare it. And first, we are today much better positioned than we were in 2009 in terms of the exposure. If you think, Lab is now more than 50% of our sales, significantly higher share than in -- at the time. Service and consumable is now 33%, also much higher. Core Industrial is smaller percentage of sales, while emerging market is a larger percentage. So all in all, we are not immune to the economy but we do believe we are less reliant on it than in the past downturn.
And the second point is we have today much stronger Spinnaker tools, data analytics and change management capabilities that we did not have in 2009. These are very important practices, and really I have seen the power of these tools and approaches in the last few weeks. I was referring in the prepared remarks about a fundamental change in our go-to-market approaches. We have countries where customer visits went down by 90% in the last few days, weeks. And we have to compensate this customer access through other means with other tools. And really Spinnaker and all these other technologies that we have already implemented in the recent past but also new digital technologies that we have piloted and now can scale up our big bets.
So the environment today is very different. But in terms of recession impact, there are certainly learnings out of 2009, and we use these learnings also when we build our operational models. You have seen us being here very action-oriented, very far in terms of cost measures. I think that has also been the learning from last time. We know how to do these things, and our organization knows how to respond to these things.

Yes. So I think that's kind of the way I would look at this 2009 comparison.

As the question I feel that one really change in an interesting way that we -- what Shawn refers to the war room, we really from the first week on installed a whole new set of metrics that allows us to really monitor country, business and end-user industry-specific, all the key metrics like lead generation, the number of customer visits, the number of phone calls that we're facing, the number of opportunities, quote levels and so on. And we are using all these metrics on one hand to manage the sales force to manage and guide them, but then at the same time also to get additional visibility for our forecast. And I stress that point because it's obvious that we cannot just extrapolate from the past metrics that we have. In the past, we didn't look at on a daily basis on all our metrics, as today we do.

No, it's not that we're going to have to expand capacity specifically. On the short term here in Q1, we had a very strong demand. But partially it was also because customers wanted to secure supply, and then they would also stock up a bit. And that certainly required also some capacity expansion short term for us. 
For the full year, we're going to have good growth. But I don't think that it's going to impact the group results in a material way. So don't want to overstate the growth coming out of this.

Yes, so that's an interesting one. Because of COVID, the Chinese government councils were postponed on that. This is happening right now, and we just got also updates on the topic in the last few days. We do expect stimulus money, the stimulus money will however be very different to what we had 10 years ago. It's going to go to different end markets. Last time, it was very much also infrastructure related. This time, what's -- what the rumors are, it's not less being infrastructure. And there are partially big sectors that would not benefit, but us, there are orders that we like. We do think that CDC hospitals will benefit from it. We do think that pharma production will benefit from it. And so we're going to see some benefits to us but certainly not in the same magnitude as we have seen it 10 years ago.

Brandon?

Yes, now we can.

Can you just repeat the question? I'm not sure I fully got it, sorry.

Okay. Yes, good, good, sorry. Actually good question. China was an ideal learning case for us as a company to learn how to prepare for when the COVID pandemic was coming to different regions. And we were well prepared in terms of lockdown and all these things. When it comes to the recovery, it's actually more challenging in the west than in China. I do not expect that the demand will come back that quickly. The lockdown in the west seems to have a more fundamental impact on the economy than it has in China. And in that sense, I'm very happy to see how our Chinese revenue has recovered here in April and the rest of Q2 as we expect today but I do not expect the same in the west. So to summarize again, China was a good learning case for us in the downturn but I'm not so sure it will be a downturn.

You asked an interesting question. So when I answer that, I need to differentiate between lab and industrial applications or industrial environment. In a lab environment in west where it's mostly replacement business, customers will delay the replacement because the driver for replacement is often that new product has better functionality, better accuracy and precision. You have software features that's on. But if CapEx budgets are cut or people are not in the office and are not focusing on getting the latest instruments, they will delay these things. And in the industrial world, the driver for replacement is actually the wear down and the drive to productivity. And in that sense, capacity utilization is one of the key drivers for the industrial business.
Accordingly, the 2 businesses behave differently across the economic cycles. Both businesses will ultimately have a pent-up demand but the timing of the pent-up demand will be different. What I just said applies to the replacement business, in particular, the west. Of course in industries or countries where you have capacity expansion in terms of investments in new production plants, there you have another driver for pent-up demand.