Well, thank you, Katie, and good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining us on today's call. Over the past few months, we've initiated what we expect will be a multiyear evolution of our business aimed at returning our company to historical levels of performance. We view this as a systematic process of revitalizing the company and one we're pursuing with rigor and urgency.
Today, I want to clarify where we are in this project and where we're headed by briefly covering our Q3 performance and then reviewing how we've begun to operationalize the conclusions of the transformation office, including our refined strategic posture, which aligns to our clients' digital imperatives, and our plan for resetting our cost base to facilitate investments in growth.
Let's begin with our third quarter earnings. Q3 revenue grew 5.1% year-over-year in constant currency to $4.25 billion and non-GAAP EPS was $1.08.
In an uncertain economic climate, our year-over-year performance in North America improved modestly in the third quarter. As we've discussed in prior calls, our ability to accelerate the company's top line growth depends on revitalizing our North America performance, and in particular, our Banking and Financial Services and Healthcare businesses, both of which are under new leadership. While we have more work to do, we now have highly engaged strategic leaders running these businesses, who bring a fresh perspective and huge client centricity. Arguably, even more important than the modest year-over-year growth improvement we've seen is the new energy we have in our North America leadership team, and our clients are noticing this.
At a global level in Q3, Banking and Financial Services was up 3% year-over-year in constant currency, and Healthcare was down 90 basis points year-over-year in constant currency. In Banking and Financial Services, against the backdrop of growing demand for DevOps and some in-sourcing of skills, we see cost pressure in the traditional business with growth opportunities in digital, with particular interest in cloud, digital engineering, AI and analytics and interactive. Similar dynamics exist in Healthcare, but here, revenue growth also continues to be impacted by rate reductions and volume discounts from clients in the midst of merger integration.
Our momentum continued in our other 2 business segments, Products and Resources and Communications, Media and Technology. Both posted double-digit revenue growth in constant currency year-over-year. Later in our call, Karen will take you through the details of the quarter, including the business segment and markets commentary.
Let's turn to my second topic, operationalizing the conclusions of the transformation office. As a reminder, upon joining Cognizant in April, we established a transformation office to identify, prioritize and put into action key initiatives aimed at accelerating our revenue growth and unlocking the full potential of Cognizant.
Following 6 months of engagement by 250 of our leaders, we have now identified, amongst other things, our strategic focus, operating and commercial models, global delivery structure and our cost base and processes and tools required to enable us to be fit for growth. As a result, we are now in execution mode, putting into action key initiatives aimed at facilitating investments in growth, going to market with a sharper strategic focus, working more closely with our clients, continuing to evolve our skill sets and creating a leaner and simpler operating model.
Let's start with our strategy. I continue to allocate significant time to face-to-face meetings with the C-suite of our clients. I find these meetings essential because they allow me to gain insights into the key trends by industry, customer pain points and desired business outcomes. Clients across all industries are confronted with the risk of being disrupted by next-generation, nimble, digital-native competitors. So they are redirecting their focus and investment to digital and embracing DevOps and technologies like cloud, digital engineering, analytics, AI and automation. We spent the past few months sharpening our strategic posture to align directly with clients' needs to become modern, data-enabled, customer-centric and differentiated businesses.
Our strategy has 2 parts. First, protecting and optimizing our core portfolio, which includes efficiency, tooling and automation, delivery optimization, protection of renewals, strengthening our industry alignment and scaling our international footprint; and second, winning in 4 key digital battlegrounds: data, digital engineering, cloud and IoT. These 4 areas enable clients to put their data at the core of their operations, improving the experience they offer their customers, tapping into new revenue streams, defending against disruptors and reducing costs.
The 2 parts of our strategy reinforce each other. It's our core portfolio that has built our strength in the market. For instance, our deep relationship with clients who lead their industries, our reputation for responsive and reliable delivery and our historical strength at the application layer mean that we know how to help clients transition from managing their current legacy state to enabling their digital future. We are investing aggressively and are determined to win in these 4 digital battlegrounds. As we do so, we expect to accelerate our revenue growth.
I want to offer a bit more context about these 4 areas, starting with data, which is the heart of our strategy because it's at the core of our clients' competitiveness. No matter their industry, clients must quickly get better at storing, managing, reporting, analyzing and reusing their data. Clients need to leverage enormous amounts of data to fuel AI-based platforms that can transform customer experiences, drive automation and provide management insight. This is causing a shift from legacy to next-generation data services like data modernization, AI and machine learning. We're helping our clients make the leap from systems of record to systems of insight and engagement. It starts with data engineering, including basic things like customer and product hierarchies.
Turning to digital engineering. To compete effectively, clients need to become software-driven enterprises. And to do so, they are replacing traditional application development with digital engineering to build leading-edge consumer-grade experiences and infuse software into their products, services and customer experiences.
Cloud, our third digital battleground, is just as critical to clients' digital journeys given that an estimated 50% of all workloads sit on public and private clouds today, a figure set to rise to 80% in a couple of years. Our clients need help migrating their workloads as well as the entire spectrum of client management, including monitoring, notification, provisioning and orchestration, governance and security. We aim to significantly enhance our partnership with leading scale companies, hyperscale companies and SaaS vendors.
Our fourth battleground is IoT, an exciting space given that 75% of businesses are expected to increase their IoT spending in the next 5 years and 40 billion-plus devices are expected to be IoT-connected by 2025. The adoption of IoT, enabled by 5-generation technology, is sparking an explosion in distributed and edge computing. A vast array of sensors and industrial IoT devices and solutions will proliferate across businesses, cities and environments of all kinds, significantly changing use cases and accelerating adoption. For clients, IoT offers the ability to instrument everything for constant insight.
If you look back at our recent acquisitions such as Softvision, which expanded our digital engineering capabilities, and Zenith Technologies, which expanded our IoT portfolio and our life sciences domain expertise, we've been methodically deepening our expertise in areas that we believe will provide the greatest value to clients while generating the best return for Cognizant. Our latest step along that path is our agreement to acquire Contino, a leading consultancy that specializes in helping Global 2000 clients speed their digital transformations by leveraging enterprise DevOps methodologies and advanced data platforms. Cognizant's approach to cloud migration, core modernization and cloud security is reshaping how enterprises build their infrastructures. And these cloud capabilities will enable us to offer transformative cloud-based solutions to our clients. We expect this transaction to close later this quarter.
The refinement of our strategic posture also highlights a subset of our portfolio that is not in line with our strategic vision for the company and, therefore, an area to exit. Within digital operations, we have a content operations business that offers a wide range of business process services to clients across all industries. Some of these projects involve ensuring proper brand and business experiences such as integrating our healthcare patients or determining whether online maps are accurate. But within one subset of the content operations business, our work is largely focused on determining whether certain content violates client standards and can involve objectionable materials. We have determined that this subset of work is not in line with our strategic vision for the company.
While we intend to exit this work, we recognize that cleansing the web of objectionable content is a worthy cause and one in which companies have a role to play. For this reason, we have decided to allocate $5 million to fund research aimed at increasing the level of sophistication of algorithms and automation, thereby reducing users' exposure to objectionable content.
Over the coming quarters, we intend to comply with our contractual obligations and determine the best path forward with affected clients. Exiting this subset will impact our financial performance in the coming year and also affect approximately 6,000 roles. In the months ahead, we expect to work with our partners to explore ways to transition roles to alternative vendors, thereby reducing the impact to our valued associates. As a reminder, other Cognizant digital operations content work will continue.
In recent quarters, I've discussed the importance of simplifying our organizational model to enhance role clarity, empowerment and accountability, whilst ensuring we further increase our client centricity and optimize our cost structure. Over the last few months, the transformation office, and indeed, client feedback, have identified a series of measures to help us progress against these goals. And today, I want to give you an update on some of the decisions we have taken.
These actions include returning to our simpler Two-In-a-Box model of client partner and delivery partner for a more seamless client experience and greater agility in front of the customer; our previously announced consolidation of the delivery organization under one delivery leader reporting to me; significantly increasing investments in automation and tooling to enable more streamlined and efficient processes, higher productivity and lower delivery costs; combining Cognizant digital engineering capabilities with Cognizant Softvision, thereby creating a powerful team focused on software product development and application modernization; extending our global brand, developing greater thought leadership by industry vertical and better positioning Cognizant in the market as a leader in digital by uniting all marketing under a recently hired CMO reporting to me; strengthening Cognizant consulting capabilities in select geographies and verticals whilst complementing our targeted capabilities with greater partnerships, with the leader, again, reporting to me; aligning our specialist sales capabilities to the service lines, albeit with an industry intersection point, to ensure the highest competencies and capabilities are available to our client partners; and lastly, in our commercial teams, the implementation of more leveraged sales compensation programs and the development and deployment of a RAD model, or retention acquisition development, to optimally segment our clients and future clients, thereby allowing us to better hunt and farm. These changes, for the most part, will become effective January 1, 2020.
Against this strategic backdrop and a set of organizational decisions aimed at ensuring strategy execution, today, we are also announcing a cost reduction program. In any people-intensive business, cost reduction always involves difficult choices, but with an eye to evolving our skill sets and freeing up capacity to invest in growth, we've made the decision to remove approximately 10,000 to 12,000 mid- to senior-level associates from their current roles in the coming quarters. This gross reduction is expected to lead to a net reduction of approximately 5,000 to 7,000 roles as we aim to re-skill approximately 5,000 associates, thereby lessening the impact on our associates and allowing us to reduce lateral hiring. These numbers exclude the approximately 6,000 roles impacted by our decision to exit a subset of our content operations business, but as previously stated, we expect to work with our partners to explore ways to transition these roles to alternative vendors, thereby reducing the impact on our associates and also reducing any associated charge.
Establishing a healthier cost structure is but a means to an end, and that's to drive revenue growth. We free up costs, we've identified a series of investments that require funding, including the previously announced hiring of approximately 500 revenue-generating associates over the coming year, a combination of customer-facing and sales support professionals who will help us expand existing accounts and generate new ones; significant investments in Cognizant Academy, our internal learning center, and in technical skills as we aim to re-skill and redeploy our talent towards digital imperatives; accelerated investments in tooling and automation; and increased investments in marketing and branding as we aim to strengthen our international operations and, indeed, our digital brand.
Karen will provide more detail on our 2020 Fit For Growth Plan, including the expected completion date and run rate savings, along with the charges we expect to incur. We will take great care to treat our associates with the dignity and respect they deserve and to minimize any internal distractions caused by our actions as we get the company back to achieving its full potential.
I've been in the CEO role now for a full 7 months, which have given me the opportunity to considerably deepen my knowledge of our operations, our market opportunity and our clients. And 3 things are resoundingly clear to me.
First, we've built an enviable position in a large and attractive market that's expected to continue growing at a steady rate. Most of our clients we serve are still in the early stages of their transformation. They need our expertise in a distinct set of digital technologies, coupled with our intimate knowledge of their technology environments, to fully digitize their businesses.
Second, the significant time I've been able to spend with our top accounts convinces me that our clients love working with us and actually want us to succeed. In fact, they want us to step up and do even more for them. It's my observation that Cognizant is one of those rare B2B organizations that is a so-called loved brand. The reservoir of client trust we built over the years is one of our most distinctive assets.
And third, the company is brimming with talented and engaged associates around the world. Our associates are driven to grow and develop new capabilities and deeply skilled in our portfolio of solutions and in how to apply them to help our clients thrive in a digital economy.
In summary, the leadership team and I are fully aware that we have a multiyear project ahead of us. My optimism about Cognizant's future is pragmatic and comes from the winning spirit of our associates around the world who are passionate about contributing to the long-term success of our clients. Notwithstanding a backdrop of macro demand uncertainty that gives us cause for prudence, I'm convinced that much of what we need to do to increase Cognizant's competitiveness is within our own control. Our relentless focus on growth has defined Cognizant's performance since its founding a quarter century ago, and that determination and focus are as strong as ever. We're determined to unlock the organization's growth potential and return Cognizant to its historical position of being the bellwether in the IT services industry.
And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Karen, who will give you an update both on our operational and financial performance as well as a view as to how we will see the fourth quarter. Karen?

Yes. Hi, Lisa. So I'll give you 4 examples. First of all, it's important to clarify the role of the client partner, and returning to Two-In-a-Box, I think, really simplifies Cognizant's go-to-market team in front of the customer. So we traditionally used to have a Two-In-a-Box, so the client partner and delivery partner. A few years ago, we moved to three-in-a-box, and we're returning to what we traditionally have had with greater clarity of roles and responsibilities, therefore, between the client partner and the new role that we will term an engagement delivery partner.
Second point, we will actually add more headcount in sales or the commercial function than before. I've referenced this in our prior call. We were adding approximately 500 headcounts. Not all of those are quota-carrying, but some, for instance, will be business finance people or indeed, commercial lawyers, but it's all with a view to helping us show up to more clients and have greater agility in front of the clients and greater responsiveness.
The third major thing relates to how we want to compensate our commercial teams. As of January 1, we will move to a more leveraged sales compensation plan with at least 70% of the base fixed or at most, and then 30% variable. And within this variable portion of their compensation, there will be strict parameters in terms of what they are required to sell. That will enable us to ensure that people do not follow the path of least resistance, which is what they sold yesterday, but more readily embrace the things that we need them to sell, which is part of our digital strategy.
And then the fourth thing, we will deploy something we spent a lot of time working on the last 4 months, what I call a RAD model. That is a term to address how you think about sales segmentation in the purest form, how you tier customers, tier 1, 2 and 3, based not just on what you sell them today, but more readily on what you have the potential to sell them on, so potential versus current. And then you tier customers between an existing customer or -- that you want to retain or potentially develop, subject to your share of wallet, or a customer that you want to acquire. And according to where a customer sits in that line box then, the degree of sales coverage that they get or visits from somebody like myself changes. So those are 4 examples of what we're doing to try to ramp our commercial momentum.
Obviously, in addition to that, I've talked previously about greater alignment with strategic partners. I referenced in today's script the notion of going to market more readily with hyperscale players. But we have some tremendous partners in industry verticals like Temenos, Guidewire, Adobe and the like that we want to embrace further and make sure we go to market with together.

That's inherently a complex topic because we have a series of activities that we have from time and materials, staff augmentation through to managed services or more fixed price-type bids, but let me decompose your question down. And Karen, perhaps you can comment as well on this.
With regards to the sales teams, their ability to ramp ultimately also depends on where they come from before and if they know the client itself or if they know the industry. Our intent is, of course, to hire people who are able to sell business outcomes, who have the gravitas and the wherewithal to speak with the C-suites, understand the industry pain points and sell a business outcome. So you need to expect nonetheless, however, as we deploy these salespeople in front of the clients, they build relationships, subsequently build a pipeline, that pipeline is ultimately progressed and eventually turns into TCV, which later turns into revenue.
It's for that reason that we've spoken previously around the impact of these 500 headcount that we've agreed to hire. It's more a negative impact in terms of our cost structure in the short term. However, I don't view it as a cost. I view it as an investment that will have an appropriate return over time in the form of sales force gearing, so OpEx to gross margin dollars or indeed, OpEx to revenue dollars. And we're anticipating the revenue return from that to really kick in more in Q4 next year or indeed, the first half of FY '21.
Look, the pricing dynamics are important. Karen can comment on those. I just wanted to add one point. If the client partner is the quarterback on a deal, they need to be surrounded with world-class experts that are aligned to key practices and have competencies in those areas, whether that is artificial intelligence or analytics or digital engineering or cloud or otherwise. We've spent a great deal of time in recent months honing in on a model that we think will give us greater competency and greater technical capability to support a general client partner in front of the client. We do want to allocate more pricing power back to the client partner, but they will have to operate within certain bands or parameters. As they deal their pricing on a quarterly basis, we will review those. So there will be some notion of checks and balances.

I would say the majority of the people we are targeting through this exercise are senior to mid-level executives. They tend to be not the client partners or in front of clients, but some degree of middle management that has crept into the system over the years. Of course, we are spending a huge amount of time bringing our team through these changes and making sure that they are contextualized and that people know we're investing in growth.
To be honest, Tien, I feel as though there's a degree of swagger coming back in Cognizant these days. Client partners, in my opinion, will be delighted with the news today that we're returning to a Two-In-a-Box model. They do appreciate the fact that we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars to reinvest back into the business, including more coverage and giving the sales folks an opportunity to earn more than ever before via having a more leveraged sales compensation plan. Of course, that is not for everybody and there will be some degree of disruption, but we aim to mitigate that as best we can. And as I said, not only are we adding more people and deploying segmentation, but we're also honing in on optimization of skills via a competency model that will be measured on a more thorough basis going forward.
So look, it's very hard to control this. It's a people business. We're spending a huge amount of time communicating, contextualizing, but we feel it's the right thing to do.

And Keith, with regards to the second question, yes, I mean -- and of course, it didn't go unnoticed with us as well, but we're delighted to have beaten consensus on indeed our guidance for this quarter. But bear in mind, we had set guidance prudently. And we're also walking into the coming quarter having read the dynamics in the industry. So we remain somewhat, I would say, prudent going into this quarter as well. The backdrop is uncertain.
However, I would say, if I look at the micro element within Cognizant, first of all, growth is permeating the company. We're going back to our roots. It's back to basics. And I think people are actually delighted with that. We found appreciation of focusing on growth as opposed to margin rate. We have very deliberately insisted on a significant uptick in executive presence with customers. I'm leading by example myself, and that permeates the organization as well.
And then, of course, Karen and I have been working on what we announced today for a number of months now. And so we've been trying to start looking at deals, not with today's cost structure, but envisaging the economic value of deals over time with tomorrow's cost structure, which, as you know, we're aiming to reduce. And we know in Cognizant that once we get our foot in the door with clients, because we have confidence in our teams and confidence in our delivery, we tend to land and expand. And hence, that's also the reason we're deploying the RAD model going forward to make sure we accelerate new logos and cross-sell and up-sell. So those are the positives.
But again, the backdrop is uncertain. Certainly, in the U.K., it's uncertain. I would say, in North America, what we found is there is continued compression in legacy businesses and pricing pressure on renewals continues at a steady rate, but the digital imperatives remain key. I've been pleasantly surprised, as I've dealt with the C-suite executives throughout the world, that digital is certainly not viewed as a cost center expense. It is very much viewed as a critical enabler, both on the defense as well as on the offense for these companies to disrupt or indeed, to avoid being disrupted by more nimble, next-generation companies. And that is an area where, on the contrary, I do not see demand constraints. I see more supply constraints given the nature of the teams we need to fulfill those demands.

Yes. Hi, Rod. It's a good question. And look, if I look back over the last 4 years, and the data will tell you that we have been growing new logos, but not really accelerating new logo revenue, and really the pipeline and the TCV in the last 18 months or so stopped this year performing where we needed it to be. But the bigger issue was, to your point, the installed base accounts. And we had stopped mining or upselling around the country because of pricing erosion at the time of renewals. That became a little bit of a drag on the business.
So very much at the core of the RAD model is, of course, tiering customers based on potential, not based on where we are today. And of course, segmenting customers then between acquisition customers versus a customer that you already exist in that you want to develop or where you already exist that you're simply trying to retain. And so the RAD model is key to achieving this.
Sales compensation is also key because in our existing accounts, what we want to do is get much more leverage in the sales compensation program and put parameters in the portion of people's compensation such that they are not just enticed, but they're also obligated from an earnings point of view, to cross-sell the portfolio into digital and beyond as opposed to simply selling what they sold yesterday, which has traditionally been a path of least resistance.
And then the third thing, of course, as we are thinking about upselling and cross-selling, a lot of that leads to different decision-makers. It's more project-based. It's more pod cultures in digital engineering. It's line of service, so distinctively changing out some client partners. We've done a good job on that. In some of the accounts I've seen, for instance, in the last few months, these are client partners that joined Cognizant in the last year or so or 18 months, a different background, a different compensation model, but again, I don't think about the salary of a salesperson as a cost. I think about it as an investment. And therefore, I think about it in terms of sales gearing, both on a gross margin level versus OpEx or indeed, on a revenue basis versus OpEx.
And then last but not least, we're really trying to segment our own capabilities into a 4-box, great sellers who understand the industry and understand the technology is in the top right-hand quadrant. You also have a bunch of people who are very confident with technology, but not really sellers. Some of those you can migrate across to more commercial skills. Some of them will simply remain presales types-oriented -- presales-oriented people. Some people are, frankly, great sellers, but don't really understand the industry well enough, or the customer pain points. We obviously have to educate them. And then the people in the bottom left that are the worst of both worlds, not particularly good commercial skills in terms of getting a PO signed, but certainly not technical either. Those are the people that most likely you will see exit the company going forward, particularly in a sales comp plan where, with a higher variable portion of compensation, they will not be earning as much as they have previously.
And then one of the final actions we've taken to ensure cross-selling is to put all of the so-called CSEs, these are our more specialist salespeople, aligned into the practice and service lines to ensure a great deal of focus on competency assessments, certifications, and indeed, alignment with our partners that intersect nonetheless with verticals to make sure we have the right skill sets and indeed, the right go-to-market partnerships to do QBRs with more of our partners and make sure we end up with asymmetrical accounts where clients can -- or our partners can bring us into their accounts and vice versa, we can bring them into ours and leverage the best of both worlds.

So I think in Banking and Healthcare, we have some tremendous examples actually, and I've seen some of these myself, of accounts that we have really turned around in the last 2 years through different account teams, much more focused on digital, but that's a blueprint or a qualification that we need to bring more broadly across the company. You will see some inflection points, particularly in Healthcare, as we get into FY '20 because we will be rounding the tougher compares. As you know, many of our Healthcare clients, 4 in particular, merged into 2 and ended up with a very different rate dynamic for Cognizant. And we will be running that once we get to Q1 next year.
In Banking, it's less obvious in the sense that there wasn't a single inflection point or ongoing trends. Some captives, some in-sourcing, particularly in the world of DevOps. But as I said earlier, while the legacy business or traditional areas of the business have been under some pressure at price renewals, I do see opportunity for us to better participate in the digital spend that these banks have at their disposal and have been prioritizing. And that's what we're setting out to achieve in the coming years, of course.
So no major inflection point, but I will say I am pleased with the revised energy I'm seeing in the North America team now in particular. And a new Banking leader and a new Healthcare leader, they seem to be going down well with clients, and that's always a good positive leading indicator.
With regards to the content moderation business, that's something we're working with our partners on right now to understand how to best transition the work. Whether it is one of the options we referenced or another, we will determine that in the coming periods. For now, we've taken a restructuring charge against it, but our intention is to work very aggressively with partners to make sure that we can transition our employees with minimal disruption. And of course, financial consequence of that is, of course, minimal charges as well.