Thank you, Katie, and good afternoon, everybody. Today, we have several topics to discuss with you as a follow-on to our April 9 business update. These include a review of our first quarter 2020 results, an update on COVID 19, a discussion on the Maze ransomware attack and an update on the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity and how we will react to the new demand environment.
Let's start with the first quarter results. Revenue grew 3.5% year-over-year in constant currency to $4.2 billion. This includes a 50 basis points impact from the exit of certain content services business. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.96, up 5% year-over-year. Karen will bring you through the details of the quarter.
While today's call had a full agenda given COVID-19 and ransomware updates, I do want to start with some perspective on the commercial transformation program that we have been executing over the past year. I'm pleased to state that we've been making solid progress against this initiative, and I want to illustrate this progress with some data that we do not normally share. On a trailing 12-month basis, our win rate is up hundreds of basis points. First quarter total contracts awarded grew 30% plus year-over-year, with broad-based strength across all service lines, industries and geographies. This represents our best quarterly performance since 2017.
Qualified pipeline growth was strong in Q1 and especially robust in larger deals, where we had solid double-digit qualified pipeline growth versus the prior year period. This momentum speaks to how well clients have embraced our strategy and have responded to our renewed sense of client centricity. It also speaks to how our teams have embraced our focus on growth. Notwithstanding the quarterly earnings backdrop that includes COVID-19 and ransomware, I do not want us to lose sight of these leading indicators that reflect Cognizant's growing competitiveness.
Turning now to COVID-19, which, as you know, is having a severe humanitarian and economic impact on society across the world. As we navigate this pandemic, our top priority remains the health and safety of our own associates whilst maintaining continuity of service for our clients. Our perspective is that COVID-19 is affecting the IT services industry on 2 dimensions: fulfillment and demand.
Let's start with fulfillment. After a strong start to the first quarter, our revenue slowed meaningfully in March, reflecting the fulfillment challenges of shifting rapidly to a work-from-home environment across our delivery centers. These challenges include people, IT, security and client considerations. Thanks to the professionalism and diligence of our associates and the execution of our crisis management and business continuity plans, we were able to ensure continuity of service for the vast majority of our clients in March and early April.
As a testament to this, I have received numerous notes from clients recognizing the work of our teams. While this was a gargantuan task and there were some speed bumps along the way, I want to acknowledge our teams around the world who went the extra mile in testing circumstances to make this happen. I will return to fulfillment efforts in a moment when I cover the ransomware attack on our internal IT systems and in particular, its impact on our work-from-home enablement.
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on demand is more multidimensional. While we are in a period of great uncertainty, as a company, we expect the economic and human impact will be felt by companies across the globe. While certain industries will be hit hardest, all industries will suffer. Smaller businesses and those with weak balance sheets and liquidity will be particularly impacted. The demand impact will be felt throughout 2020. And when a recovery materializes, certain markets such as the U.S. will rebound quicker.
As indicated on our April 9 update, we've seen some delays in cancellations of projects and discretionary spending and select request for furloughs, rate concessions and extended payment terms from our clients. While our outlook for 2020 has been meaningfully altered, we are nevertheless confident that we will weather the storm given our business mix. For example, since more than 60% of our business is in financial services and health care, we are less exposed to some of the hardest hit industries including travel, hospitality, retail and automotive.
International markets, which tend to rebound more slowly, represent just 25% of our business. And we are primarily exposed to Global 2000 clients, which we believe will be more resilient than smaller companies. We also have great confidence in the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity. While we will be prudent in this uncertain economic backdrop, this confidence allows us, nonetheless, to invest in M&A to accelerate our strategy and bolster our capabilities. More on that later.
More broadly, the pandemic shock waves have spurred clients to accelerate their digital transformation. Clients are looking for ways to modernize their business, accelerate innovation, become more elastic and agile in the face of business uncertainty and generally, reimagining their businesses for the new normal. More major IT trends such as core modernization, data modernization and cloud adoption will accelerate. These secular trends play to our refined strategy and make it more relevant than ever. In short, while 2020 will be a challenging year given COVID-19, we are confident that our industry, geographic and customer segment mix, our balance sheet, our momentum and our digital imperatives and our growing competitiveness will allow us to compete well on a relative basis regardless of the macro environment.
Let's turn now to the Maze ransomware attack, which we announced in April. We responded immediately by mobilizing our entire leadership team, drawing on the expertise of our IT and security teams and bringing in leading cybersecurity experts to help us investigate and respond to the attack. We also contacted appropriate law enforcement agencies.
From the start, we decided to communicate forthrightly and transparently with our clients. In addition to hundreds of individual client calls conducted by our security organization, cybersecurity experts and our executive team, we held 2 client conference calls in April. Retaining client trust is of paramount importance. So we erred on the side of overcommunicating the details of what we knew and how we are working to contain and mitigate this incident. We proactively provided clients with Indicators of Compromise or so-called IoCs, namely forensic data, a company can use to identify potentially malicious activity and defend against attacks from external actors.
Earlier this week, in our third conference call with clients, we confirmed the containment of the ransomware attack. While we are pleased to have reached this important milestone, the ransomware attack will nevertheless negatively impact our Q2 results for 2 reasons. First, the attack encrypted some of our internal systems, effectively defaming them. And we proactively took other systems off-line. This disruption included both select systems supporting our work-from-home enablement such as VDI and the provisioning of laptops that have been expected to further increase our work-from-home capabilities in April. Second, in the wake of the ransomware attack, some clients opted to suspend our access to their networks. Billing was therefore impacted for a period of time, yet the cost of staffing these projects remained on our books.
With the ransomware attack now contained, we've restored VDI and automated laptop provisioning. Further, with previously ordered equipment now physically in India and distribution constraints less restrictive per the latest state directives, we are now substantially work from home enabled. In addition, following the containment of the ransomware attack, we have meaningfully progressed in addressing the concerns of clients that have suspended our access to their networks. We expect to substantially complete this by the end of the month.
We expect the vast majority of revenue and margin impact from the ransomware attack to be in the second quarter. However, ongoing remediation cost will ensue through subsequent quarters. We will disclose this financial impact to you on a quarterly basis to ensure appropriate visibility.
Ransomware attacks are becoming all too frequent across industries. We are using this experience as an opportunity to refresh and strengthen our approach to security. We're already applying what we've learned to further harden and strengthen our security environments, and we are further leveraging our external security experts to help inform and guide our long-term security strategy. Cybersecurity will continue to be a top priority for us in the years ahead.
As you'll recall, during our COVID-19 business update on April 9, we withdrew guidance for 2020. Before I pass the call to Karen, I want to draw your attention to the fact that we entered the year with cost assumptions built to support revenue growth acceleration. These assumptions no longer hold true in light of the fact that nobody can predict how long the current macro environment will persist. So we're faced with a great deal of uncertainty on many levels, including our own cost structure.
Having come through a challenging 2019 when promotions and salary increases were delayed, as a leadership team, we've decided to take a nuanced approach to 2020. We aim to invest in the business by protecting and developing digital skills, continuing to build out our commercial team and continuing to correct the employee pyramid by onboarding approximately 20,000 entry-level hires. Meanwhile, we aim to significantly decrease other costs, including corporate overhead, travel, marketing, relocations and noncommercial lateral hires.
Services companies habitually rely on so-called bench policies to rightsize their associate base to reflect market demand. Against today's COVID-19 backdrop, we feel that traditional industry bench policy do not adequately address the interest of impacted employees. Consequently, any employees impacted by demand/supply imbalances may benefit from extended medical coverage and exit packages through the end of the third quarter.
Karen will now take you through the details of the quarter and provide updates on our balance sheet, liquidity and cost initiatives. After that, I'll return to provide some closing remarks before we take Q&A.

Thank you, Karen. Let me wrap up by saying that Cognizant is built on financial strength and flexibility, unwavering client centricity that have earned us the enduring trust of clients and 290,000 talented associates who once again proved their grit, selflessness and determination in recent weeks.
While 2020 will be a challenging year given COVID-19, we are confident that our industry, geographic and customer segment mix and our balance sheet, our momentum in the digital imperatives and our growing competitiveness will enable us to compete well on a relative basis, regardless of the macro environment. The post-COVID world will create new norms and hasten trends to highly mobile, virtual and personal world. We won't just be talking about teleworking but rather remote everything, from digital workflow to design to e-commerce, e-banking, education and telemedicine. Against this backdrop, our strategy to win in the digital battlegrounds of AI and analytics, digital engineering, cloud and IoT become more relevant than ever.
We will continue to use M&A to accelerate the execution of our strategy. On Tuesday, we announced an agreement to acquire Collaborative Solutions, one of the world's largest Workday consultancies. With its rich expertise and leading position in the Workday ecosystem, Collaborative Solutions will expand our opportunity in cloud by establishing a new practice in this large, fast-growing market. The acquisition brings key skills to Cognizant and differentiates us in the market, especially against Indian pure-play competitors. The acquisition also complements the capabilities we've been building out in our Salesforce practice.
We've come through a lot so far this year. Through this, we've always sustained our focus on our client centricity and our determination to execute our strategy. Our increased commercial momentum in the first quarter affirms that our strategy, our solution portfolio and our renewed vigor is resonating well with clients. While the COVID-19 and the recent ransomware attack has been a setback, I am confident that Cognizant will emerge strongly from these challenges.
Of course, no one knows how long the pandemic will last, only that eventually will fade. Certainly, the business world will be quite different from what it is today. I've been here long enough at Cognizant to know that we will rise and surmount this challenge and come out the other side stronger. We'll keep our culture strong through this period. The spirit of teamwork and collaboration on the vast scale that I've seen from our associates during the crisis are, I believe, the direct result of our company's deep-seated and shared sense of purpose. Come what may, it's in our DNA to help our clients succeed.
And with that, operator, we can open the call for questions.

Yes, Lisa. So look, we made a significant amount of changes from a go-to-market point of view in the last year, but it really kicked in, in Q1 of this year because a lot of work was needed before we could actually determine how to best deploy this. And that includes a different sales compensation model, which shifted more compensation to variable comp away from fixed compensation. It included a resegmentation of clients into a RAD model, which is a sophisticated methodology to deploy resources against accounts that you are currently in, where you're trying to farm versus hunt new logos.
It also required us to build out extensive new relationships with partners who need to become very much part of our ecosystem. And on top of that, of course, we have been in the process of hiring 500 revenue-generating resources and/or supporting resources, which could include commercial pricers, lawyers, et cetera. And we're about 60% through that.
But let's not overlook the fact as well, just the notion of getting the company back focused on growth, focused on client centricity and getting the vigor back into the company to tap into something that fundamentally is in our core DNA is very, very important. We've been doing that for a period of time now. We've also made some leadership changes. We've really tried to hone in on client centricity in the leadership team, starting with myself. And that's what I believe has led to the significant momentum we've had in the first quarter. And I would say even for some of our larger industries like insurance, banking, health care, that momentum has actually continued into the month of April, albeit not at the really robust strength that we saw in the first quarter.
But the 33% growth in the first quarter is our strongest bookings since 2017. It was actually very broad-based across all industry segments, across North America as well as our international markets, which we term global growth markets. And then from a service line point of view, our digital business was up in excess of 50%, and digital operations and our third service line systems and technology also had robust growth.
And I really feel good, by the way, about our digital offerings. We have really strong capabilities now in cloud. You've seen us build out those capabilities with a series of acquisitions in the last year, 3 Salesforce Platinum partners; and more recently, this week, Collaborative Solutions, which is the establishment of a Workday practice in Cognizant. Salesforce and Workday tend to go hand in glove in clients that have embraced cloud, and we feel that a strong alignment behind companies that are growing 20%, 30% year-over-year is obviously very important for Cognizant's growth rate into the future as well.
So I feel very, very good about our commercial momentum and the progress we're making. Now of course, then we're hit with COVID-19, which fundamentally changed the growth trajectory in the month of March. But we're going to deal with that. And as I said on the call, we are, from my perspective, as well positioned as anybody to deal with it given our business mix. And we'll come our stronger on the other side.

Ed, it's Brian. So the ransomware attack hit us prior to the work-from-home enablement. We saw what was happening. And as we were trying to shut it down, we were faced with, therefore, a ransomware attack. And we had 3 calls with clients, 2 in the month of April and then one last week and -- where we acknowledged containment.
The credit line or the line of credit drawdown had nothing to do with this. This simply gives us optionality. We already have a very strong balance sheet, as you know, strong collections, as Karen indicated, in the quarter. So frankly, it's nothing to do with ransomware.
The TCV growth in Q1 was independent of ransomware. I don't believe ransomware had any meaningful impact on our business momentum. Certainly, we had an impact in the month of -- the latter part of April and early May as the ransomware attack had effectively disabled some of our internal systems that have been encrypted, which impacted some of our work-from-home enablements. And indeed, certain clients had opted just ahead of an abundance of caution to isolate themselves from our network.
But given we have contained the virus by working night and day candidly internally as well as working with leading cybersecurity partners, including Mandiant, and of course, the federal authorities, we are now in a better position. And clients on a daily basis are, again, freeing us up. So I think that will be felt from a revenue and margin point of view for the most part. The vast majority will be felt in Q2. Thereafter, I imagine we're well half of that.
That said, we will continue to spend money in Q3, Q4 and beyond to further strengthen our security framework. So revenue and margin impact is more in Q2. Cost impact will continue a little bit through the rest of the year.
But Ed, I think we handled the ransomware attack as well as one can in these circumstances. We chose to be very deliberately client-centric by having 3 client conference calls, by doing hundreds of client calls with the executive team and our security team and indeed Mandiant in the days throughout this period by being as forthright and transparent as we possibly could. And nobody wants to be dealt with a ransomware attack. I personally don't believe anybody is truly impervious to it, but the difference is how you manage it, and we try to manage it professionally and maturely.

Bryan, I don't think there's any stabilization per se. Budgets, from my perspective, were being revised downwards throughout all industries. Certainly, some industries will be hit more than others.
I think digital remains a priority. Virtual work, virtual key -- virtual health care, education, banking, e-commerce, you name it, remains, of course, top of mind for people in today's environment. The shift to SaaS continues. Digital engineering continues, by definition, to fuel some of those capabilities. But I would say projects with short-term paybacks continue, but anything that is deemed discretionary is being delayed. We have seen some request for furloughs, rate concessions, et cetera, but not a meaningful amount.
And I would say in the same vein, we are still seeing some pretty substantial opportunities out there, including captive opportunities. And as I referenced in my prepared remarks, pipeline shape on a qualified basis actually looked reasonably healthy as we exited Q1 and even now after the month of March.
So we are being very opportunistic here. We are making sure we fine-tune our offerings to take advantage of the new norm that we're in today. We have work streams lined up behind that. And of course, we continue to push our digital imperatives, which are from my perspective firmly and squarely into the area of the market where growth will continue, if not accelerate, into the foreseeable future. And that includes data modernization and cloud applications, generally, including SaaS and indeed core modernization.
So we feel well positioned, but it's a particularly difficult environment to call at this moment in time. There's not a lot of visibility. And clients are, I think, obviously, being cautious.

I don't think we see a lot of sole-sourced per se, but I will say we have seen some renewals where we've had the opportunity to renew without those contracts being up for bid or tender. And that's been on the basis of very strong delivery and strong client satisfaction, and frankly, a very strong executive engagement, which has been quite intentional over the last year. But as ever, clients are always looking to extract value for money. And of course, they also want to sleep well at night, so they want to work with partners who honor their commitments and deliver well.
I'm feeling good generally, however, about our momentum in the field and our competitive positioning. Our win rates are improving, as I said. Our contract bookings speak for themselves. If it was one vertical or one service line, I wouldn't quite be so adamant about this. But I genuine feel as though we've made tremendous progress in the last year.
From an M&A perspective, I'm fortunate to be blessed by a Board who are very supportive of the project we're undergoing. We have a clearly defined strategy. The M&A transactions that we have made in the last year have been against a defined strategy that was blessed by the Board last September. We will continue to obviously monitor collections and monitor our liquidity as well as our balance sheet, but we feel very comfortable in our current position. And I will say we will continue to conduct M&A transactions, albeit in a prudent manner. We want to conduct transactions that solely fits and are squarely aligned to our strategy and that we have confidence that we have the right leadership team in place to integrate them successfully.

So Keith, I'll tee it off, and then maybe Karen can jump in. And it's okay, Karen. We're obviously not in the same location today. Keith, thank you, first of all. I do feel that we did have momentum that was building as we exited Q4. January and February were particularly strong. I felt, candidly, we were well on track to have a very strong quarter relative to Wall Street expectations. And then, of course, March arrived with COVID.
As Karen will attest, the change in dynamics was relatively abrupt obviously because -- first and foremost, because of fulfillment, where in countries like India, we had 4 hours. We had obviously triggered a business continuity plan weeks ahead, but the ultimate decision to lock down India came with a 4-hour notice. So we -- like many services companies, I imagine, we're scrambling to fulfill work-for-home capabilities via encrypted desktops or laptops or remote VDI, et cetera.
So that hurt us from a fulfillment point of view. And as such, you have cost without the revenue. Similarly, that compounded itself in the first few weeks of -- the first week of May and the last few weeks of April when yet again, not only were we dealing with COVID, but then we had a ransomware attack that encrypted servers, which actually took out some of the work-from-home capabilities that we had enabled in the prior weeks and also slowed our ability to enable further work from home because of some of the systems and tools we would have used to automate and provisioned laptops were no longer functioning.
So we had a perfect storm in which we still had costs without revenue. And on top of that, when you have clients who disconnect you from their network for a period of time until such time as you contain the malware, yet again, you want to keep those skill sets ready to reengage as soon as clients permit you to reengage.
So I think what you'll find in Q2, we had the perfect storm of cost without revenue. And of course, then you have to adjust to reflect the demand/supply imbalance. And that is ultimately, I think, what will hurt our margins in the foreseeable future. And then, as Karen will tell you, of course, we want to protect skills like digital skills. And of course, therefore, we want to take out any so-called no-regrets costs to try to mitigate that. But Karen will give you a little bit more details.

I will say, Keith, just to conclude on this point, I felt as though very much the story was on track. The commercial momentum was starting to build. The Fit for Growth was well on track. And I would say then we suffered a micro event, which is our ransomware attack, which we have dealt with since. And then, of course, we're faced with a macro environment because of COVID-19.
In the absence of those, I would say the story remains very much consistent with what we've been saying for the last year, which is differentiating between the cost versus an investment, trying to pivot the company back towards a growth story and making sure we have a refined strategy that we can invest behind and execute well to unlock more shareholder value creation. And that certainly will be the playbook we will go back to.
And I'd like to think we'll come out of this storm well given the business mix, given our balance sheet, given our liquidity and with even a leaner cost structure given the environment we're going through in the meantime. Hopefully, we can continue the commercial momentum at least on a relative basis and then come out of this strongly.

Ron, look, we had an outstanding first quarter in Healthcare from a bookings point of view, triple-digit growth. And by the way, we also had growth into the month of April on a year-over-year basis as well. And I've been particularly pleased to see the breadth of wins we have seen in the payer area but also, frankly, even in the provider area. So it feels to me that we were starting to turn a quarter in Healthcare. And as you know, once we hit Q2, we will anniversary the tougher compares that we hit last year because of some of the consolidation in the industry.
So we still have work to do, of course, to continue to sharpen our pencils on our strategy, but I feel as though we had made very good progress. We have a leadership team that's very engaged, and we seem to have growing momentum with our major clients.
Okay. I think we'll take one more question.

Look, it's highly nuanced. It's client by client, but I would say things that have a long payback tend to be pushed out at this moment in time. Some change requests or anything that's so-called discretionary that's not being critical, it's certainly being pushed out.
But we have seen good momentum, as I said, in our digital engineering business. We feel very good about our cloud momentum. And actually, we've had great receptivity to this week's announced acquisition of Collaborative Solutions. So I think it's back to the core element that the secular trends that have been in the market, from my perspective, will accelerate as clients try to have a much more agile, modern infrastructure and ultimately try to take advantage of the data that they have accumulated over the years to really try to have a much more modern perspective in terms of how they think about individuals. And I truly believe we're moving to a mobile, a virtual and a truly personal world on a go-forward basis.
Okay. I think with that, we're at the top of the hour. So I'd just like to thank you for joining. I know it was a complex earnings call because not only did we talk about Q1 results, we also touched upon the COVID-19 implications, the ransomware attack and how we've dealt with that and a little lens into the future.
I would just want to wrap up by saying the following things. I truly feel that we're more competitive than we have been, as evidenced by win rates, as evidenced by our pipeline growth, as evidenced by 33% bookings, our highest momentum since 2017. Yes, it is true that COVID brings a great deal of uncertainty, but I believe our business mix and indeed our growing competitiveness will help us on a relative basis come what may.
Ransomware attack is regrettable. It is contained. I believe we managed it well. We've had good client feedback. We've been transparent. We were forthright. The impact is on revenue and margin primarily in Q2. There will be some residual costs that we will incur in Q3 and Q4 as we continue to harden and strengthen our security position, and that is an absolute no-regret spend.
Fundamentally, our strategy is sound. It resonates with clients, and you're seeing that show up now in our numbers. And last but not least, we're 100% focused on executing that strategy. And our client centricity is greater than ever, and we expect to accelerate out of the corner once we get through COVID-19.
So with that, I'd like to thank you for joining us.